After two years this is still my favourite destiny video
Hope we get something like this in the new showcase this year... So awesome
My most epic moment of 2021... Proudly and happily coming back to Destiny and am so happy I did because latter half of 2021 was fire!!
WOW, ive been missing out on all this glad i just joined the game!
bro man and his brother always be yelling😭😭😭
Just hearing Ki1O screaming yeet is funny. Also Bungie had to recreated his warlock and that same part  for that ending clip.
The Winniur is waiting for you....
Now add battle royale or battlefield
“Bow”   “No”  *Best beef ever 2020 colorized*
What an exaggeration
None of this was "epic"...rather lackluster compared to most other games.
I don’t know who any of these people are
so much cringe
Epic streamer moments.
Not pictured here: Months of dread in PvP due to unending frost.  Shit was worse than Icecrown citadel.
BA! BAAAA!
“That’s an ice tornado dude” It’s in the Bungie compilation, so Stasis is officially called ice
Who have better Graphics?Fortnite or Destiny 2?My oppinion it is Destiny 2 are the best game ever made!
The thumbnail looked like someone pissing.
But this is old, what are they showcasing?
So many completely irrelevant streamers in this one lol.
To bad destiny 2 is shit and they only  show nerdy lifers playing this game and being excited.  This game is shit people, don't let these lovers trick you into it..
This game sucks go play destiny 1
Mmmmm yes it was indeed an epic year of giving your player base the finger.  After quitting this game, I've never felt better.  Why I got recommending this makes no sense, but I'm never coming back.
We guardians like to have fun. See you guys at the tower.
Ok, but wtf is that fish?!
what music are they using?
holy shit! The this video got me so amped up to slap each and every streamer involved. Shut up!
Ayo where the trailer for new season
Wow, this seems like cool content, I wish I could play it but you keep REMOVING IT FROM THE GOD DAMN GAME.
What is the name of the song anyone? 🤩
I’M IN SPACE!!
Cool, but you should've included CBGray in that, he's the best streamer on YT imo!
so sad we can't replay previous seasons content
YYYYYYYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!
"I'm gonna shoot you with 6 anarchys and you're gonna sprint at that gorgon" I have been laughing for 5 minutes
"I'm gonna shoot you with six anarchy's and you're gonna run at that gorgon" Well now we know why it's getting nerfed.
Add a pigeon  mask pls
OMG that was awesome hahaha  I wanna try streaming so bad
Streamer reactions are apparently the new accolades... cringe
that so epic in the world and the best of the times
Did you fix Matchmaking balance yet?   Until you add a Normal/Ranked mode with SBMM in addition to quickplay and the other modes, I'm not hopping back in.   Done with quests forcing me into PVP against highly skilled players I have no business playing against and hackers. Make it separate so content makers can still have their precious CBMM stomp-fests.
your game doomed
Not going on this one again. Always the same shit over and over again. Been playing since day one and sick and tierd of it. You play for a week and it's back to grinding. And you have to play in a certain order or you will not get the max light i can go on forever. What about our rights to play how ever you want whenever you want. So now they have season in the game that you must do or you will lose most of the stuff. Very stressful. So much money spent on this game thats enough. Season should be free for everyone and just pay for the big dlc. This is just sick.
So do all these YouTubers work for Bungie. Because I always assumed that they did. For example there's always a YouTuber who knows some way to "cheat" the system. It makes me feel like bungie just tells these YouTubers what to do and what to generally say to make us feel like we're getting away with something. This is probably the case because we are usually complain about us being robbed when paying for ish and feeling a little bit cut short. So again, the YouTuber that they're showcasing in this commercial (let's have a flashback about what happened in Destiny) , are they or some of them getting paid?
I just started destiny 1-2 weeks ago, man I feel like I missed out watching this.
Anyone know who the Vtuber at 0:35 is?
BA BA BA
Bungie providing more subsidy to the already big streamers in terms of free publicity and other kick-backs...  Nothing to see here.
BA yes !!!!! https://youtu.be/zbJQ1nhtX2o
BA MADE IT!!!!
Side arm mods
WOKE DESTINY    The armor sets for Guardians are ass and  you made HUMANS the bad guys..............fuck off.
Did NOT expect to see BA in there, jesus, that man hot me into Destiny with his “Year 1 - What you missed”
So I guess it was kylo who finished it.  🤣😁
YEAAAH!
Bungie please give outbreak rapid hit and overload intrinsically
Who was that anime person? I’m starting to feel like that whole anime thing is starting to become a lot more popular with more and more Youtubers.
If humans ever do get invaded by extraterrestrials....... we're soooo Deaaad !
ahh trailer team… you never disappoint
Favorite phrase to come from DSC. “IM IN SPACE!!”
CANT FUCKING WAIT LETS GO BUNGO
A year, full of hackers ruinning the fun
It's amazing to see how far this game series has come. I mean, seriously the only thing that saved Destiny from dying from the very start was the raid. Now fast forward ~7 years, and the lore is not only there, but it's GREAT, the community is growing worldwide by the day, and (almost) all the content is well worth playing. Good on you for saving the series, bungo
Bungie have a strange understanding of the word ‘epic’. My destiny experience this year, particularly the last couple of months has been horrendous I’m sad to say. I do not have high hopes for the future with this trajectory.
I wish I could play this game more than 3 weeks a year
Love the anarchy man of death! Gotta try that in a gm. Also, what's the soundtrack in the background
Wheres da trailer for 15?
you missed the endless bountys....
just release the s15 trailer now.... -,-
song name?
I just randomly search this and the vid was posted 23 hours ago
The badassgaming clip was perfect for this
Song Name?
Jesus Christ died on the cross for our sins (past, present and future), was buried in a tomb and rose again on the third day. Once a person believes the gospel they are sealed and guaranteed eternal life. OSAS.
Fix my negative silver
the actually added the YAAAAHHHHH!!!!!!!😂😂😂😂
I loved destiny, but since I have to restart its too much to get into
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping you from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
D2 a year of horrible content creators that fail at covering an amazing game yet the community praises them for being so toxic and ruining it themselves.
Omg they added BA gaming crew. Awesome. This is why I love D2
I like how they added streamers reactions to stasis in the trailers but then for the next year everyone complained about how broken it was and didn't add that
Whatever’s
Who cares about those streamers? Make a video about your game, not some random people.
Too bad End game sucks in Destiny :(
The aztecross yaaaah
Hello There Bungie! We are proud of you and all the things you do, the Lore especially. Keep it up Bungie!
Another year of time-gated drip-fed content. Let's do strikes over and over again - cause story reasons. I love Destiny, but it's getting a bit boring now. I miss it when a huge DLC dropped, I'd enjoy that and then play something else for a while, then come back to Destiny on the next drop.
I suggest you focus making the game fun again and not making montages , just my opinion 🙁
Butterfly enters clip. Everyone in this clip: IS THAT A FREAKING BUTTERFLY!!!!! NOOOOOOOOO WAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYY ITSSSSSSSSS AAAAAAAAAAAA BUTTTTTTTEERRRRRRRRRRRFLLLYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY (HEADS EXPLODE)
Can cayde-6 pls come back in New season plss
Who all these destiny streamers, guys? I know only Aztecross and Sweatcicle. Could you name others?
The best part of this is someone at Bungie set up the gorgon thing to get a better shot
Ultra Instinct Yaahhhhhhhhhhhh!
I can't for another year of dying by two shots....yay!!
Nothing here was epic. The shit seasons between the once a year dlc's are shit.
so do we get back the content we paid for or no
We befriended the fallen instead of annihilating them and we still haven't killed the queen... I wouldn't call these epic moments. My epic moment is my hunter throwing his flaming knife through the Queen's face.
havent played since the "black armory" i think thats what its called, has it gotten any better? do we even know about the darkness yet.
Might just be me but i cant stand streamers, they ruin gaming for me...
Oh man the music is so good I need it
Wait, what about the trailer for Season 15? Will they be uploaded in about 8 hours or so? Because usually for them, they upload trailers for the season a week BEFORE the literal release of the said season.
I'm gonna flat out say it. Zavala should have bowed. Not out of loyalty but out of respect of her status. That's being realistic.  Outside of that if we had peace with both cabal and fallen then there is two wars gone. All we had to worry about then is vex and hive.
what about a compilation about all fails but it’s gonna be way longer than that one
Well if BA needed an ego boost LOL
Day 293 of asking where the fish ghost went
But the REAL question are, What is OXA and Who is OTZOT ???
Glad to see those 12 streamers have enjoyed themselves.
Destiny 2: give us all your money, please.
Ah yes, the fakest people in the community express their fake enthusiasm. Nice.
Honestly I'm most excited that you've remembered that PVP is a part of your game and are finally spinning up teams to work on it again. I'd just love a background info on why there was no one working on a solid half of your playerbases main focus.
No byf? No jez? No evade? No myelin!? Gladd to see badass got a spot tho!
Zzzzz...
I don't know you but your post into My wall so I should return all "unlike" for you.
Just to be clear. I hated that it was a thing back then but now that it is gone... i miss it.  The Leaks, in the dry washed up months of the game. Anon kept us pumped for more and whats to come. I avoided tons of leaks. Those i did read etc, those kept me festered.
2 main things in this vdo, Stasis and Anachy. they got  nerf
DAMNIT KILO!!!
So where just going to pretend that there's not a modding probablem alright
but its only been half a year...so shouldn't it be called 'half a year of epic moments'?  meh this video was still cool
Where’s my Content I paid for?
Where the fish bungie
So happy BA gaming made it on here
rip movement & warmind cells
Everyone stay safe out there
Yea it was
i cant stop watching this
If y’all support movies 🍿 🎥 support the AMC movement to the moon 🚀. This will be your last chance to joined the MOASS before it rips to all time highs!! Do your own due diligence but join us and the APE NATION for the MOASS (Mother of All Short Squeezes)!
Dogshit game from dogshit company.
Boringgggg…
How you do a 2021 moment when the best part of Destiny 2 is yet to come baby!  August 24, WITCH QUEEN BABY!
theres a Vtuber playing? :O its so sad how hard it is to find any on this....
Games dead
기억남는게 딥스톤밖에없누.. 딥스톤이나 하러가야지
Me who quit the game a year ago,   Nice… now, MAKE IT EVEN BETTER
I believe the moment where the greatest days of destiny starts on august 24th
what the hell is the fish???
I'm surprised you guys didn't post a list of the content creators in the description. I don't recognize a lot of them and it would have been a great chance for people like me to find new talent to follow.
But what is the stranger's fish?
Please read this carefully ;  Every one of us has sinned against God. We’ve lied, we’ve stolen, we’ve sinned sexually, and we’ve taken His name in vain; which makes us liars, thieves, fornicators and blasphemers ... Yet this is only four of our many transgressions .  The problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good works because God is perfect in Holiness, meaning his standard is beyond our reach. He is also perfect in Justice, meaning, he will bring EVERY sin to light. The punishment for our sin is death, and Hell; a place of Eternal Fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth .  Fortunately God is also perfect in Love; so 2000 years ago, he left his throne in heaven, and came to earth as a man named Jesus Christ. While here, he lived a perfectly righteous life, only to take the punishment that We deserved; Our sinless creator became Our sin, and endured a gruesome death on a cross for our sake .  Right before he died, he said ‘it is finished’ .. meaning, the debt for our sins has been paid in full. And on the third day, he defeated death and rose from the grave. So now, we can go free from the wrath of God’s judgement not by earning it, but rather, as a free gift of grace ..  Except gifts can be either accepted or rejected. So this is what you must do in response ;   Humbly admit to God that you have sinned against him. Then, confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, and your Savior. ( Romans 10:9 ) .   Do this, and you will be saved .  If you do so sincerely, God will grant you a new heart which no longer finds comfort in sin, but instead desires to read and obey his word. He will also grant you Eternal life in his presence; The greatest pleasure on earth doesn’t even come close to what God is preparing for believers in the afterlife .  You’ve been informed ; Now the choice is yours. What you do with this information will determine where you will be for ETERNITY.. Meaning, this is the single most critical decision you will EVER make .  Jesus Christ awaits you this very moment. Do not put off surrendering your life to him, because your tomorrow isn’t guaranteed... and as it is written ( Hebrews 9 : 27 ) ;  ‘It is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, THE JUDGMENT’.
Good job bungie. These last two seasons were great keep it up
0:35 YOOO THE BESTIE IS IN IT LETS GOOOO!
Every firstimer in deep stone crypt: "I'M IN SPACE!!!!"
Historically, Destiny is on a three year cycle. A rough patch with a big release, then a big "this is the pinnacle of destiny" expansion. Taken King and Forsaken did it. I'm excited to see if Witch Queen can live up to the hype
Was that a fucking vtuber
Where is scourge, I can’t find it please help
Uh uh guardian run shoot and sht ye put that on -bungie
Just want to say, the 2014-2015 video was much better.
The year of no anti-cheat yet again
Lol
i love you destiny i loooooooooove youuuuuuuu
A year of boring and reissued content
I don't need a streamer to have fun.
Nice
If only D1 veterans have the chance to a title and something from the D1 vault
You forgot the cheaters
Seeing BA gaming at the end made me think HE edited or altered the video to mess with it. 😂. It was great tho, I’m sure he’s proud to b a part of Destiny History.
rick "im not in the video" kackis here
GIVE US BABY FALLEN PETTING ANIMATION EMOTE!!!!!
Can wait for the Witch Queen!!!
“I’m in space!!” Was pretty funny
0:04 When did that happend?
:49 YAAHHHH!!!!
epic bugs and garbage matchmaking
My highlight of the last year was uninstalling this hamster wheel.
00:53 Me and my boys waiting for new Season
IM IN SPAAACEEEE
dont care, bring back sotp and revert top tree dawn changes
No Gladd?? REALLY??!
Dam really shows you how much has actually happened in this year of destiny kinda crazy ngl
A year of no new crucible maps
so it's a trailer for a trailer kinda?
Still no robot fish :(
:3
I’m so hyped bro
it's really not an epic moment when you don't even get vex mythoclast and have done Vog 46 times fuck you
Badass gaming 😎
Forgot to show the clips of people doing their 42nd looted Atheon and not getting Mythoclast. No Fatebreaker.  This year is my favorite year so far, and I've played more than any previous year, but can we think about how raid exotics drop? Just make it a quest, have better bad luck protection, have it earnable from completing curated challenges in the raid, or just take out the bad luck protection and remove the weekly drop cap? As someone who has never gotten an RNG raid exotic in under 20 runs, it isn't enjoyable
This year was terrible compared to old destiny bring back the farm and Mars I beg😭
Don't forget "Weasel"
2021 and bungie still promotes Broman.. lol I thought this dude disappeared and stopped played destiny.. Dead channel
Classic BA gaming
0:35 Whose this Vtuber?
So where's the trailer for the next season at?
sweat pog
Badass Gaming, great channel that's so underrated!
WHERE IS THE FISH THOUGH
wake me up in 6 days and 21 hours
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEET!
SOrry but who let SD in this?
Real g4m3rs type it like 3p1c
Destiny 2: 2021 -- A year of epic nerfs and mismanagement
cool trailer, but i have no friends. Anyone wanna add me? (please im desperate)
WAIT, They were using sparrows inside the expunge mission? 0:41
I’m pretty sure you guys lost most your player base to stasis and Sturm lol
Game is designed around “Influencers,” game is soulless. Destiny 1 Vanilla had a magical aura about it, despite all the baggage. Destiny 2 feels like the most expensive Gachapon ever. The amount of grinding you have to do just to see the story cutscenes at this point is obscene.
love to see BA gaming at the end with anarchy
Thus is awsome
can we have the ace of spades quest back or
So hyped!!!
YOOOOOO Badassgaming FINALLY got featured in an official Bungie video!!!! @Badassgaming where you at??
Hype
Removing paid content isnt epic bungie Activision did right thing dumping your sorry ass out
Plz more cutscenes like the trailer for Beyond Light & 0:06. I understand that because it’s more detailed it might take a lot more work, but it would be SO WORTH IT
0:35 who is that Vtuber? Anyone?
sweatcicle in there am i right
Is it more detail of awful decisions for the New Light experience?  "Hmm, we took away all context, the campaign, any sense of lore for new players...what else can we do to make it worse..."
Rip d2 endgame "content"
Where is the Fish Ghost thing? The public demands to know Bungie!  (my money is on that the Drifter ate it on Europa)
DARKNESS FISH!!!!!
I like how we’ve never ever seen the strangers fish creature again.   It was literally just there for the trailer
I MADE IT MOM 💀 ( I’m the dude who go’s “ARE THOSE BABY FALLEN”)
why cant we have 2 dashes in pve
Epic things this year from bungie: -Vaulted half the content in D2 -Expanded the eververse store -No crucible or gambit maps (extra epic) -Shotgun meta -Transmog which is limited -seasonal activities being sub par (Splicer’s is literally reskined contact.) -literally the entire story being leaked for the next couple seasons -stasis -Beyond light was shit -and trials
Really don’t like you propping up your streamers on this pedestal. They’re usually toxic people who’ve ruined this game with their self centered and greedy demands. Listen to your actual players for once.
Cool cool but this just shows that destiny 2 is completely built around streamers and it’s sickening
Not 1 PvP map for a $70 "expansion"
The BA clip at the end XD
awww Datto isn't in here.
R.I.P Anarchy
its a nice game, maan
Forgot the queue screen
The Baby Fallen reaction gets me every time
I hope that Bungie will make more missions similar to Whisper or Presage.
Needs more Telesto ;)
LMAO the anarchy part at the end
Still haven't seen the scene with the "not a ghost-fish looking thing".  Is that still coming or did it get scrapped?
"I'm gonna shoot 6 anarchy shots and your gonna go run at that gorgon." If that isn't raid humor being accurate af then idk what else is lmao
Bro WHERE’S RickKackis
Aztecross is all we need.
Yo BA got a spot!
Please nerf my shotgun
I love this community
bad company and bad game
I Really Love Destiny and hope that this game never ends i dont care what the others say 😁👍
When are you going to reissue Horror’s Least?
1 more week!  And shootouts to all the streamers and content creators of Destony 2 big and small.
They only showed the trailer reactions XD
Dope to see a lot of new faces in with the old
A year of god awful shit
Drop a #short of the teaser for next week <3
with one of the worst years in 7 years destiny
Where’s my season trailer bungie
Ayeee it's me at 00:30 :) :) I am SO HAPPY TO BE PART OF THIS!
Were is the exotic quest bungie
IM IN SPACEEE!!!
no datto :(
Yup, 2021 D2 in a nutshell
A que hora un trailer?
0:48 It's what we're all here for. 💠
I still hate that I changed mains for beyond light to my warlock and then I see the Hunter ult for stasis and I immediately regret changing mains.
The worst year btw bungie ...
Better YouTube Rewind than the actual YouTube Rewind
Streamers really, I don’t care about those worthless leeches all they do is complain and ruin this game ffs 🤦‍♂️ stop catering to them
You forgot to add the part where you fucked Marty again.
This got me so hyped uuuuupppp! Way to go Bungie ; )
where tf is the fish
Nice
Should be Destiny 2: 2021 A Year of Forget. Still waiting for answers to things we saw in the trailer last year....
My favorite year of D2 yet 👌hope it gets better from here !
I SEE ME!! TWICE!! 👀🥳💖
Post the god damn season trailer
Just watching this has me thinking; is it worth returning and giving D2 another go?
*TOGETHER, WE ARE ENOUGH!*
SWEATCICLE HAS APPEARED.
Streamer lives don't matter.
BA proving that even those who don’t have Anarchy can still enjoy Anarchy.
A Year of no content. GG Bungie. Your world is totally empty and without content.
Not that I've forgotten but this reminded me how much of a blast I've had with Destiny since Beyond Light. Definitely endless frustration, but endless fun too. :)
dislike !
The year ain't over so much better content could've been in this video. Which tell me the next season is poo
Thank you for creating this game for us bungie :)
You missed the best part!  M: "No, you must defend your people..." S14:"You are my people! " 😭😭😭
People say destiny is not fun well look at this video a game that brought countless memories for 7 years welcome new lights
eagerly awaiting the season 15 trailer
No one, not one soul Bungie: *Shows Smollen* Remember these guys?
You can faintly hear Savathûn's Song in the distance
Now of only they’d keep their politics out of the game.
Bring on another year of epic moments!
YAAAAH!! is officially canon
YAAAAAAHHHHH!!!!!
It ain't over yet Bungie
WHERE FISH BUNGO?
Destiny 2021 was like COVID quarantine. We were happy at the beginning but throughout it got shittier and shittier until we gave up.
Let’s goooo skarrow making it into the bungie showcase trailer my guy
At a point in time I consider myself for "Guardian"...but then...I stopped playing. Over the past season, I've come back and besides stasis in pvp, I've had a great time. Good enough to the point where I'll looking forward to what comes next. Good shit Bungie 👍
Can't wait for season 15 and Witch Queen! =D
I still want that fish
I will never forget Teawrex yelling “I’M IN SPACE!” There’s just something so pure about it.
Cross and BA gaming def made this trailer 👌 😂
That moment I went into the space station on DSC, I had the same reaction as Teawrex.
They left out scamming dumb players with their bullshit transmog system.
Song ?
Something big is gonna happen if theyre doing this a week before season 15
Ok not to be that guy: BUUUUUT can we get theater mode for specific activities? Seeing anarchy guardian got me intrigued 🌚
Should have put baken getting banned in the video
BA at the end was great
I love You bungo.
a year of epic moments sprinkled between a ton of bullshit  but we still love the game
That clip w badassgaming was epic!
ngl out of all of destiny 2 so far this year has been pretty weak we lost 80% of the game and barely got like 20% in return and this whole witch queen shit is getting super old i dont even care anymore about it. not to include the seasons have been weak af. #removeseasons #wewantcontent
WHERES THE FIIIIIISH
Otro DLC de $60 dólares?  🤣🤣
3 shots of Sweatcicle!
Ending was the best part
Damn it Kilo!!!!!!!!!!!
A year of hackers ruining everything
6 ANARCHYS
We want double icarus dash!!!!
year of less content
not a Lot of Lore-speaking here.
Love the game I really do but today I played ff14 and wow destiny in it's planet and content and fashion doesn't come close I'm not saying Destiny is a garbage game I'm just saying bungie could take notes and inspiration to make there game even better
IT'S HECKING AWESOME BatChest
Seeing Sweatcicle in that was very nice
And still no explanation of Elsie's fish.
Season 15 trailer please!  haha
Nice!
Thank you Bungie for appreciating your community 🤘💖
anti cheat or doesn’t matter
i really hope we get next season's announcement today, splicer and chosen both got trailers one week before release
HELL YEAAAAAAH BADASS IS IN IT
Where’s Zavala talking smack to caital bungo? You telling me THAT wasn’t epic enough for this?
That anarchy guardian at the end there is probably my favorite bit XD
I love how they included the Ice Ball rolling on the arm trick from Eris, it's such a cool moment in that cutscene.
No trailer for 15? Hmmmmmmeeeeehhhhh
That BA Gaming clip at the end was hella funny xD
Nice :)
the best part is BA saying “godspeed little dude”
BADASS GAMING was in here. This video is awesome   Love you BA
Rick “run no champion mods” khackis would be in here but unfortunately the video had to be shorter than 20 minutes
OF COURSE IT WAS KILO BEING THE ANARCHY GUARDIAN OF DEATH RUNNING AT THE GORGONS JESUS BA
Seeing this way, only with the meaningful moments, looks good, but the service game style just doesn't fit with the story and just push players away
Ultra dripstinct Aztecross will singlehandedly destroy the black fleet
I still want the ghost fish like the exo strangers.
so epic i dropped the game
It's been a great year so far, Thanks for everything you've done
Wait... Darkness arrived? Sorry, I didn't recognized it because nothing happend with the darkness this year, except we got stasis
Awesome work on the game this year. That said I think this confirms we're going blind into next season
Bro, where's CB's 100k milestone? You guys missed out on one of the best content creators! Shame on you.
Is it December already?
A year of recycled content
I still want that fish ghostshell
CONTENT!!!!
Badsass Gaming you finally made it big time boyyyyy
Seeing Cross in here really made my day. Thanks Bungo <3
So they finally are paying attention to the community... it's about time
How about fix the game ?
Holy shit they recognized badass and aztecross? How come no lucky or byf
PLEASE TELL ME THE ANARCHY-GORGON STRAT WORK
Sick
Thanks for about year of epic dreams coming true 💚⚡️💛🌟Stay Awesome guardians
🔫😠Where fish
0:53
Man they forgot to add chibi in the video
Alright Im hyped just by a compilation of things that already happened
Beyond Light, DSC raid and their lores. Amazing job Bungie! 2 minutes of silence for that..
They put a V tuber in the compilation: instant dislike
Awesome!!
the new season trailer is pretty lit
Cannot wait to see what is waiting around the corner next season and with the expansion. Saddle up; lock and load.
Are we not gonna talk about the FUCKING ARMY OF DUDES AND DUDETTES AT 0:04
Where fish
Season 15 trailer instead of this thing?
YYYYYYYYYAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Where new season trailer
If anything, Bungie knows how to hype us up with a trailer...
Beyond Cheaters expansion is quite the banger
More like an epic year of boringness
A year of gambit moments
it was cool but not as epic as the first 3 expansions my opinion tho
YAHHHHHHHHHHHH!
Epic moments you made Vault of Glass literally copy and f****** paste. You missed a big opportunity to make Vault of Glass better. You could have added a new boss you could have added a new exotic! The one new exotic you could have added was a hobgoblin sniper rifle that's the one exotic we have not seen yet.  Yeah we have queenbreaker bow as the Vandal sniper exotic we have drags promise as the drag sidearm. If anything that should give you an indication that you should make more enemies themed Exotics. Yeah Beyond light was really great it was taken king size of an expansion in terms of content. However you guys at Bungie need to stop doing reusing content and relabeling it as new! Everybody in the community including YouTubers they want new content they want every season to be new and different and not feel like it's repetitive because when the content is repetitive it's not just boring it's too f****** easy. Just like what lucky the YouTuber said there's no reason to hit rank 100 with the season pass there's no end game reward for doing so. I always thought it's stupid that people try to hit rank 400 when there's no reason to.  That's the biggest problem with most of the seasonal content since the first annual pass there's no real End Game Reward. Example the season finale of season of the splicer there is no reward there is no emblem there was no new weapon. Yeah we might get a live event at the end of the season , but we are talkin about an epilogue. I remember in Destiny 1 no matter what content you did you were always rewarded for your time.. Just like what lucky and other YouTubers said bungee is not going to change anything as long as people keep playing the game and keep buying the content. Just like with Chris Barrett said right before Destiny 2 launch if it ain't broke don't fix it. This also means bungee knows the game used to be fixed but cannot going to fix it then I can listen the feedback as long as people keep playing the game and not voice their opinion
Best year of season content imo
aztecross > everyone else
Where the fuck is th3jez?!
The Future War Cult lives on under a new name. The Future War Prospects lead by me. FWC since D1 alpha obsessively only using FWC gear ever since. Join my FWP clan.
I think y'all forgot the epic moment where me and a million gaurdians died to cheaters in trials
Looking forward to d3 so they can stop vaulting content
And forward to another day!
Seeing BADASS GAMING puts a smile on my face
And 2 years of no crucible maps
To be honest it was a nice experience  Everything in the lore just came to the game within 1 expansion
No trailer for next season?🥺
This year was better than Shadowkeep's  but still way below Forsaken's imo.
most epic moment for me was cut of half of the content
Delete stasis on crucible
Just bring us Savathun already, I need to murder a hive god before my wife leaves me.
God that’s an annoying video
yooooooo BADASS GAMING made it in!
Chills. Just chills.
That's such an excellent showcase of the community! I love it!
Not really it was just reused content and op shit that free to play cant get you need to pay to have fun i mean I have the dlcs on console but on pc I'm free to play and I realizes how boring and shit the game is when u don't want to spend money also shotguns have been meta since the game came out
I was expecting season 15 trailer but this is good
My boy Cross with the YAAAA!!! Had me laughing and cheering at the same time.
You forgot the🧢🧢🧢
SMH to epic for me
Hold the cap
Teawrex saying "IM IN SPACE" will never get old
Still dont know anything about The Exo Stranger and her Fish Ghost
❤️
When is the new season trailer
Aztecross Reaction: Priceless..
weird audio at 0:49 in the background
Meanwhile my version as a PvP player: Compilation of every cheater I've come across in the last 12 months.
0:34 Vtuber?
"I'M IN SPACE!!!"
The best part of this is someone at Bungie set up the gorgon thing to get a better shot
Good year for pve. not so good for pvp...
Epic moment? Idk about that one
fuckin sick video, loved it
i love seeing sweat in this
The story is great but honestly you need to take your expunge missions and place them where the sun don't shine. Being forced into repeated, anxiety inducing ledge leaping is no fun, though I don't mind it as a one off, like Whisper or Zero hour. No other complaints here though, y'all have done a fantastic job this year.
the most epic moment was when the cash shop withheld our fashion
Bye EDZ, Bye Nessu....
“It’s FREAKING ULDREN!! 🤯”😂
Getting rid of gambit would be a epic moment
The content creators are the gems here, stasis....is okay.
Year 4 had a rough start but man has it turned around
Needed Elitist Datto talking Anarchy
Where a Vex time gate when you need one so it can be next Tuesday already!
Warlock master race I just wish they could fly
YAAAHHHH
This is basically the best and only epic moments of things that is actually epic
Just buff skyburners
IM IN SPACE!
What was your favourite seasonal activity? Mine was the one with the ad clear arena...
"Bow"  "No"
The real Destiny was the enemies we committed genocide against along the way.
more like epic cheating and epic nerfs
OHHH YESSS!!!!
can't wait
Especially epic when you release updates and we're the one testing them for you. Epic.  You're patting yourself on the shoulder when last year content was mediocre.  But hey ''Mom, I can see my favorite streamer in this video ! I am so excited !!!''
Will probably get pulled and edited then reuploaded once the sensitive babies spot someone in the footage from one of the streamer cams😂
yall still chasing those god rolls? lol
0:49 Ultra drip stinct isnnow officially in a D2 add. Amazing
I’m not gonna lie, I really don’t care about content creators. They aren’t really “faces” of the community, more so people that eek out a living from the game.
Where is DATTO?!?!
GIVE US THE FLYING FISH, bitch
Trash meta, Stasis being over powered, still no new maps. Not to mention gambit being....gambit. I think "epic" might be a bit of an overstatement Bungie lol
man so many people left this game dont even know anyone in that video
*I'm in space!!!!*  So was Tim curry when he left earth due it being corrupted with capitalism :P
BA Army!!!
Tfw the strangers ghost fish isn't explained :(
WHERE IS THE FISH GHOST???
Where's all the clips of cheaters we send you?!?!?
Goddamn "imma shoot you with 6 anarchy shots and you're gonna run at that gorgon"... gigabrain titan plays
Kind of weird to have a 2021 moments video in August, isn't it?
BA Gaming was the cherry on top
Wait a minute, wasnt the reveal august 20?
A year of deleting everything, sunsetting everything, then saying fuck you to the playerbase, then re-releasing Shadowkeep and Forsaken gear after taking it off people because you got called out for scamming people out of their money.   Also, a retextured Raid because making content is hard.  Best year of Destiny so far.
The hype has already begun I see…
They forgot all the crucible clips of people using and dying to stasis... huh...
That last clip was the most titan thing I've seen next to saint vibe checking a minotaur with his forehead
Soon we will march at dawn!!! But fuck it feels like forever lmao. So damned hyped for what's next
This has no business being this hype
Best game ever ❤️❤️🔥🔥
KAT!!!!!!!!
o I see a lot of epic moments when the stream destroy cheaters in trials. While ordinary ppl suffering the cheaters spamming heavy weapons....
Would be nice if I got to see all that deleted content as a new player  When Cayde died I didn't give much of a crap and it was apparently supposed to be a big deal
Literally took away original content you paid for to replace with old content you paid for a long time ago. I left during season of the splicer and am never coming back until they change their business model. Crap company IMO. If you enjoy it, great. But there are better games and better companies that should be getting your money IMHO.
Wait what is this i don't understand ?
so where is trailer?
Dope
BA MADE ITTTTTTT!!!!!!!
The story beats where better than previous years.  But... thats isnt saying much. Theres still a lot of room for improvement
What a year from bungie just keep the game as good as it is :)
Remember when we thought drifter and eris were going to be a big part of beyond light?
to be honest Destiny 2 peaked at Forsaken
Bring back all the vaulted content already..
Rick Kackis would have had a clip in there, but he's still doing his video intro.
Content?
They added BADASS GAMING at the end! Bungie, you guys are awesome!
YAAAAAAHHH!!!
Ba and kilo, love that end clip
Was 0:25 part of a raid? I don't recognise the area
Give me the new season trailer.
So sad this game with no anti cheat , and you really don t care about anti cheat you earn alot of money when they cheat in the game no ?
Hey nice anti cheat sis, ban for art money. N.I.C.E
lets be real Cross screaming through GM and destroying everything with Crown splitter is the best 😂
This is how you know these people don’t give a crap about there community because it was nothing like this at all maybe for the first 3 days but that’s about it
Hahahaha you had me with Aztecross!
Thought this'd be the S15 trailer. Bruh.
Lol the game is fun up until Stasis is useless in PvE. You could have just applied it in PvP alone.
Its das the Game is act dead 🥲
Is the trailer for the next season coming out today?
And now when will Shin make an appearance, Bungie? I'm eager
Keep it coming Bungie!
hell yes D2 this past year has been crazy awesome and i love it
I want to see the 6 anarchy guardian, what happen there?!
Destiny 1 is better
Beyond light was a pretty good expansion
I don't know what happen at the end there. And i need to know what happened. Anyone has the link? Because that looks funny af
i can already tell that the entire destiny arsenal is gonna be in this comment section
And so it begins...!
SKARRROOWWWWWWW
Bungie: so another epic cinematic shot of a guardian running- Someone at bungie: ANARCHY GUARDIAN OF DEATH!!! Bungie: that works
Ultra dripstinct
Can we get every YAAAH  from all aztecross vids
Does anyone know when the trailer for next season will be coming out?
YAHHHHHH  Still happy that the showcase is on my birthday even if it’s also the second day of school for me
Bring back like you did in year one in destiny 1.
I may be stupid but I think there’s 4 more months left of 2021
Aztercross YAAAA ,my man
0:49 thank me later
What is that audio starting at 0:49? I'm not familiar with the source clip, so I'm not sure if it was part of the original or if Bungie added that, but it sounds like talking (if I'm wrong lmk)
Ill be on the next one
YO ITS BA GAMING, LETS GOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Really glad I came back in Chosen.
Bunge may has had their ups and down, but this year was something else. Getting back into destiny felt refreshing to me. Im really excited to see what Bungie has in store for witch queen!
Ladies and Gentlemen, a pog champ moment
such an amazing game, thanks for the great memories and i cant wait for whats next!
I give this video a 10/10   Just because I didn't see datto 🤢🤮
A great year. I love Bungie.
0:48
YOOO SKARROW?
24th cant come sooner
Yeah badass is the best thing in this
Wait so this was just to tell us the thing we already knew about?????
Destiny has gone to shit and the devs are at fault
This year was three Times better than shadowkeep
The darkness is strong with this one.
StReAmEr ReAcTiOnS
We’ll know the truth on the 24th, Osiris is sus
BADASS at the end run run
Game of the "youTubers" edition
Cross’s “YAAAAHH” hyped me tf UP!!
No Nerf  Cell Rasputin Bungie 💩
IS THAT BADASS GAMING IN THERE?!?!
I still want that space alien fish ghost thingy from the stranger
this video actually kinda sucked lol
"Godspeed little dude"   Priceless
Came into destiny 2 during season of Arrivals. Glad to be apart of this community
So hyped
Where is the clip of the guy with unlimited witherhoard ammo in trials?
I hope the Witch queen bring similar vibes as forsaken and the taken king. Probably the best expansions Bungie ever created.
0:04 we need that kind of moment
cringe
Upload season 15 trailer not this nonsense thing.
I love that they used teawrex’s im in space clip XD
I'm in Space! - so cringe, so stupid, so Epic...
u got me at the yaaahhh
Now can bungie fix cheaters and the shit servers maybe toss in one of the maps they took away
In the words of shaxx "this is amazing"
A year of bungie killing their game
This is better than youtube rewind 2018
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOO!!!
pvp wasn't epic though...
got released the same day of indonesia's indenpendence day, thats a cool coincidence.
Where is GLADD, motherfuckers???
Thanks bungo 😃😛😘
The Anarchy thing at the end was beautiful
I'ma bust
nah it was lame asf tfu talking about???? fun till it got lame
0:48 cross made it in bois
Bungie clearly prefers Aztecross Yyaahhh strategy over the Yyeeetttt strategy
Im so pumped. I can is daddy cross getting that sponsorship from bungie yet??? MAKE IT HAPPEN HE DESERVES IT!!!  Cant wait for showcase!!!
Yeah this year was aight
SSB Aztecross is a God among men
Can’t wait for the next chapter!! Congratulations to bungie and all the amazing moments this game has created. No matter what people say we all love you bungie and we’re glad to be here!
The only worthy thing in this video is aztecross ngl
all thise reactions were kinda cringe
Destiny 2 2021: Year of Sunsets and Weekly Dry Content
Needs PVP maps, real content drops, not drip feed and better servers.
a year of waiting for good content
Can’t wait to see what’s next!
YAAAAHHHHHH!!!
Ah yes... How they all were hyped because of stasis... How the turns have tabled...
So no trailer for the next season today? :(
good video
They even got a custom shot for the little dude at the end  This must mean they recreated his armor and look just for that
WHERE S15 TRAILER
Sweatcicle being positive?????? What alternate reality is this
I'm always going to see this year of destiny as the year where sunsetting was sunset, as well as Luke Smith.
Hype
YAHHHHH
uh this isnt the new season trailer
Destiny 2 channel close to 1m subscribers
I didn't know I could be more hyped. BUT I AM.
Lesss goo
I've never felt more epic than when I am grinding 100 sidearm kills for planetary mats.
Just streamers. Nah.
A year of fucking trash
Lame video. Everyone hated stasis in Crucible.
New season trailer wheeeeeere is it
they included a vtuber?! hell yeah
Honestly this has been the best year of destiny 2 ever only thing I miss is the old raids the story is on point tho and the loot is amazing Keep up the good work!!!
This has definitely been the best year in terms of story, excited for the witch queen!
YOOOOO
Pog
And after all this, still no info on the ghost fish thing
I saw sweatcicle in there! Nice
i hope we can power up our characters fast instead doing seasonal challenges just to power up 😑
Aztecross going super saiyan was the best part
LETS GOOOO
hi :>
Just fix the unfair armor or weapon drops when we trying to levelling up because this is sometimes be very annoying and stucks
YEEEEEEET!
Truly Epic Game Every single Match I‘m fighting 3 cheaters lmao
Can't wait for next season, plus today I can finish augmented obsession
Hey bungie can u do what u did in yr 1 of D1 where u put together a huge video of community-made destiny content?
Alrighty then... dunno how to react to this.
More like a year of cancer stasis was bs for 2 seasons and beyond light was not worth the money. The darkness literslly did nothing since shadowkeep and the story basically has hardly progressed.
YYAAAAAAHH
THEY USED BA
SHOW US THE FISH, BUNGIE!!
May not have been the best year of destiny, but it is for sure a memorable one
Love the “their so cute”
Invite me to a summit meeting please    :(  It’s been 4 years since I truly wanted to be there Bungie.
This year was quite good, a breath of fresh air compared to Shadowkeep’s year
Uldren sov my enemy ✇∕_\✇
YEEEEEEHAAAAA
Now we just need season 15 trailer
Uhhh...
They should have included saywallahbruh in the video!
THE FISH
WOOO
Could we have a trailer for the next season before the next season? That way I can decide if I buy it or not
Forever 29, still hyped AF, let’s go!
Now this is epic.
I truly feel like you guys at bungie are bringing it all together in terms of story and character. Well done.
Épic ❤️
I wish you could drop the “2” and just name the game destiny but I think that would cause complications
When they said Destiny's best days were ahead of us, they weren't lying
Hey dose anyone here know the name of the vtuber at 0:35 ?
Esoterickk deserved a spot in those kind of trailer imo
The Aztecross “YAAA!!!” is 100% worthy of being in this compilation of epic moments
A new year of destiny awaits us on August 24th
WHAT IS THE FISH BUNGIE?!!
Where is Rick Kackis?
I still want to punt those baby smallen
I haven’t played at all this year. The story looks good but the constant power grind just gets exhausting and beyond light story just didn’t satisfy with how it was done. After all my gear got sunset I just don’t want to come back and start my guardian from scratch again.
Ultra dripstinct Aztecross 0:49
2021 and people using fictional characters to represent themselves. What's up with that girl lmao
Good times… good times
I love destiny and it's community. I just wish it was more fun. 2500 hours starts to feel like a waste when half is the same gameplay loop.
Epic moments, yeah, but... *WHERE FISH GHOST*
Fuck this game tbh.
Incredible year.  Stoked for the next!
JUST TELL US WHERE STRANGER’S FISH GHOST THINGY WENT.
And now, the wait for next week beings
0:41 Since when can you use your sparrow in Expunge???
This is beautifull, all guardians aboard the the hype train of light and dark🤟leeeeeeeeeeees gooooo💪
Let the hype train begin
In one year we’ve had busted PvP metas, cheaters, gambit 6.0, ice, returning raid, another yee-has gun, and a large amount of angry Reddit users. I still love it tho lmao
Still haven't mentioned anything about Stranger's fish huh
The Hype is REAL! Cannot wait for the Showcase...
"Godspeed little dude"
Bruh I’m gonna have to miss the showcase cuz of school ugh
Is the trailer for next season today? Or next week?
I fucking loved that BadassGaming clip at the end. If guardians are becoming legend, that dudes already become Legend
This is dope!
the good old days when stasis was still good
Bungo you’re blue balling me here! At least give us the season name!
BA gaming at the end. And Aztecross “YAAA!” 😂😂
It's time for a whole new destiny, don't you think so Bungie?
Bro they even got the YAAAAAAAA in there, pure gold
YAAAAAAAAH!!
Happy to see smaller creators and a vtuber in this!
This year was... Intense. Keep the good work!! Well love you all!!  Also this season i wont be that useful. Can i have a little F?
ANOTHA YEAR BOYS, AND ANOTHA SHOWCASE!
Lmao they still went with hush even after  those tweets
YYAAAAAAAAHHH!!!
Well it was a year of getting frozen, raiding vaults, and crashing space stations
Love this so much 💜❤️
Holy shit bungie that was epic.
Holy hell im early
Yeah awesome year... Now give me trials smg.. Pls i dont have guardians to play with
*YAAHHHH!!!!*
Every year playing destiny felt like a great time !😁
Sweatcicle
oh my god they featured my boi aztecross. YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!
remove Stasis
Honest to god thought that was gonna be the season 15 trailer
Yaaaaaaahhhhhh
This year was mid af 😂
Can’t wait for ✨reset✨
Epic
It’s been a good year for Destiny, here’s to a bright future!
:)
Mad vid❤️
Game was better before beyond light
Pvp main here stasis made me buy beyond light
In sadly travelling, so im gonna miss out on the new season
Awokado
What is the fish bungie!!?
THE FIIIIIIISH
vtuber🤤🤤🤤
Do separated sandboxes between pve and pvp for icarus
The amount of cheaters that are still not banned seems “epic”
Дустан на века
0:35 a Vtuber lol
Epic moments? Crucible destruction moments
Brilliant
epik
Poggers
But where's that fish ghost at?
It has been indeed
Ngl, this is kinda epic
Osiris is mega sus
moral of the story : STASIS
Saw the notification. Instantly clicked.
Definitely a refreshing year after shadowkeep
Hello
Excited for Witch Queen!!! ❤️
First comment
A year of shit
Beans
Hola soy segundo xd
EPIC DESTINY 2
Hi
Primero
Nice
Bring on season 15
Something big is coming guys
First?
First
Year 4 has had the best story so far
What epic moments lmao
New video new content
We love you bungie ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
First (lol)
destiny
Indeed
WHAT IS HAPPENING
nice
This is nice.
Cant wait for s15 🔥🔥
Nice
Give back icarus   And worldline and have some communication
First
Yes
Gotta be fast
Kanye please drop donda
hey first lets goooo
First
Oo
lol
