Hey y'alll! I've been working very, very hard to produce more new videos every month in my Modern Conflicts original series that's over on Nebula! This month, the 26-minute video I made in the series covers the Battle of Aleppo during the Syrian Civil War and with 9 full length episodes now, the best way to watch them all is through the CuriosityStream/Nebula bundle deal, which you can get right here; https://curiositystream.com/?coupon=reallifelore  Thank you all for watching and enjoying, it truly means the world 🙏
"barrel bombs" 😐 just horrible
The video is great but God damnit that title is pissing me off
72 000 millions People IS The population of France make sure of what you are saying....😂😂😂, otherwise well made video thanks
North Korea is NOT what you described it to be. 👎
plot twist. man made light doesnt look like that from space and  the thumbnail is actually showing where all the bombs are gonna land
La tierra no es tan grande Ake biajal a los planeta amgelo
This isn't "one photo", and it's not called the black marble. It's literally just called "2012 City Lights Map"
North Koreans are not led by fascists
Russia took Crimea???  2014? 2015?
gosh only when one looks at this night map comparison can one truly understand the sheer horror of the Syrian civil war
12:02 12:04 12:04 china
After & Before
Can we please blip out words “russian civilization” in the video? There’s nothing civilized about russians or their railways or their cities
Believe it or not, every inch of India is habitable!
Wrong Indian Map is showing by you please do correction in the maps if possible, As an Indian Its my responsibility to tell you that Jammu and Kashmir is the integral part of republic of India. So request you to correct it as soon as possible   Thank You
0:22 show the right map of India... where is the border line of Jammu and Kashmir and Arunanchal Pradesh which have borders with china... you had every country's border line, so why did you skip the borders with china??
India super power, china and america look like desert compared to india 😂
Love the videos but the way he over pronounces "Thousands" gets a wee bit grinding.
im just laughing at the international fishing laws rn, i saw the lights in the ocean and said:  man, korea really wants to fish in japan.
What is that sky of light off the coast of South Korea? 19:48
nearest destination: adelaide (skull emoji) distance 2100 km :x
Just realized you sound very similar to Mr Ballen, overpronounced T’s and all lol
What is the light around South Korea 🇰🇷 from?
In the simple Moroccan desert❤🇲🇦
It’s so awful these wars happened :((
I had to subscribe and like this one this is great content! I hope it gets a billion views!
The video is spoilt by the noisy background music which detracts fom the commentary and the visuals.
𝟚𝕒;𝕘𝕪𝕘𝕪𝕘
What’s funny is that despite having been to both Guangzhou and Shanghai, I half expected RLL to say Shanghai was the brightest light in China in lieu of Guangzhou. I think it’s because I was in Shanghai during smog and / or fog (wasn’t quite sure whether the pollution was bad enough to count as the former) and was always impressed how well the light pierced through.  Guangzhou is a bit under appreciated, as far as foreign attention to Chinese cities goes. It was oddly charming to get off the subway and get a ride to the hostel on the back of a motorcycle / moped instead of in a car.
17:07  Question: By what standard do you not count oil rigs as human settlements?
I'm surprised you didn't show Canada. I was wondering what the truism '90% of Canada's population lives within 100miles of the American border' looks like
8:40 should be  'less food:fewer people' 'food' is a 'single thing' so less, 'people' is a collection, thus fewer. An easy reminder would be, like 'Less spaghetti, fewer noodles' (Same with much/many, by the way : 'Much spaghetti, many noodles') . This isn't meant as criticism, but rather elucidation. I did enjoy this video, thank you for your efforts.
Thanks!
India is a better India after 1994. Thank you Prime minister Narendra Modi. I live in a remote village which has access to 5g broadband connectivity. It is changing lives.
Now if only India had access to toilets 😢
So dope you had pine gap there, many Australians dont even know it's there
Black marble.
4:39
Metrics? Can't they do both Feet and yard's inches? We older Americans don't have a clue
Mine absolutely blown. Did this video cure racism?
Less food and FEWER people
I have been on six trips from Adelaide to Melbourne since July 2019 and when I do these trips I look forward to seeing real pre-lightbulb levels of darkness on the lead trip to  Melbourne by the overnight bus.  This is real darkness seen by people in the past.
you mean to tell me you're on with the real hip pats from Germany and turkey? your videos are such a blessing for the saints and peace and prosperity and bounty to you in the name of Ella. im trying to MAKE videos too I just need some tips on what apps will be better than I move and well, why I should or should not post Certain OneS, salaam alykim and shalom kavarim
North Korea is a COMMUNIST state, not a Fascist state.
If all the european cpuntries are that small, why the f is a  full scale war going on between Israel and Pakista? Why cant we just agree on garlic naan being better than plain naa
You should create one between the EU and the USA. We are way behind; why?
Hi
Why would you call North Korea a fascist country. It’s ruled under communism.
Great vid but i stopped watching when narration correlated dark areas (eg.North Korea) with 'bad ' and 'backward '. Since when has more electricity consumed or running at night been good for the planet? Human excess is bad is a more truthful, useful commentary if you have to make value judgements  ,in my opinion that is.
calling the DPRK fascist 😂🤡
The Korean War didn't end in 1953
I hate borders. They should be abolished
I’ve watched this atleast 5 times already.
Please correct Indian map
Did you notice NOKO the city of Pyongyang North Korea lights  Now let's come back to this F•••• up country America. B.L.M.  Bureau of Land Management incompetent "bricks" 🧱 🤫🤔  Out West there are lights but the people are under ground 🤫🤔🤫🤔🫣😯 Dexter Lombardo out 🤠
How Indian map is so wrong .... its very intention of western power to undermine bharat's worth
India built that floodlight fence due to constant infiltration attempts by Pakistan sponsored terrorists. Indian government doesn't spend money on vanity, only necessities.
5:24  Aye shoutout to the the phew people living in Simpson  please
This channel is insane.
5:51 -ish Lol, I love how Alice Springs is just chilling MILES away from everything in goddamn Narnia. 😂  EDIT: Ah, nvm. Spoke too soon.
As an Indian, we are proud of this government and its accomplishments
Nebula sounds like history rewritten by the CIA. Tell us all about the Dulles Brothers.
I cannot get passed the overly dramatacized reading style. It makes me want to stop watching.
You got new. Nebula here I come
I am in awe, such a fascinanting video. Huge like and absolutely subscribing 😀
Looks a lot like mold.
India did well. The sattelite images prove why we need Modi.
welp past real-life lore now there are 2 wars is not real vs Palestine  and Ukraine vs Russia
wait, isn't hyderabad in india???
It is regrettable that so many Indians today still do not have access to electricity. However, there is a simple yet effective way to resolve the problem - move to Canada.
Aleppo is such a sad thing. How in the world would it ever be rebuilt when everything is crumbling and destroyed. Wow
Another well written, well researched script and presentation. Kudos to you. 👏👍🙏
wow the earth really is flat
Clickbait Again
Fort Worth? Not DALLAS???!
Lol this is the dumbest video ever
The wars in Jemen and Syria are no civil wars! Jemen is attacked by Saudi Arabia and Syria by IS
The Western United States are really something special. There are some cool cities, but the vast areas of empty are so amazing.
For the Korean line it's Oligarchy vs Dictatorship.
The Yemen "Civil" war. I'm sure the Saudis bombing Yemans schools and hospitals also view themselves as Civil 🙄
إبلاغ نحذف لك المقطع و ام الغباء والكذب الي تقوله 👍🏼
I enjoy the content of your videos (a lot), but the voice over style (the going down on words at the end of almost every sentence) makes it hard for me to connect with you.
Fascist State? Lol. No sir North Korea is a COMMUNIST state. 👀😏
6:50
Earth world gets night or day sometimes and then we have 🎉🎉😢😢😢😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😅😅😅😅😅😅 showed the planets on my childhood video
This also illustrates something people seem to forget: the US had trains. We just did not put the money into them so they never developed and have pretty much solely been relegated to freight and goods transport.
yr advert sux , theres no  curiosity stream with that deal
No one cares about Africa
this channel is hella propagande trash
The Philippines just chilling there fullt bright 😂😂
The Philippines just chilling there fullt bright 😂😂
Amazing video! Currently studying urban morphology and this is very helpful
They don't call it the dark continent for nothing.
Can you make this amazing content in hindi plz
F you all  the civil wars was made by Europe and America The Muslim is so Peaceful Put some Governments It wants to end peace and create conflicts in order to obtain its gains like now in Sudan all the big country rush to send her soldiers to get some land
No The beginning the the western frontier started at Ohio and past
people wondering why the desert and the gigantic mountains ain’t got no lights in the thumbnail? i don’t think we wondering why
I enjoyed the video until roughly 22 minutes in, when it describes the civil war in Syria, as war crimes caused by Russia and the Syrian government, without any mention of Western involvement, the US sponsoring ISIS, and other terrorists, to fight against the Syrian government and their Russian ally, and the US now controlling the oil rich parts of the country. The creator lost all credibility and I realised I was watching pro CIA and pro NATO propaganda. However, the narrator then explains that creators have to answer to Youtube to not be demonitized, so the creator regained my trust and some academic neutrality/credibility, with that "realpolitik" explanation.
this 'map' is some of the most laughably bad u.s. propaganda i've seen. they seriously expect us to believe that north korea is just pitch black at night. it's a country of 26 million people that has electricity and modern industrial infrastructure. it should be about as bright as eastern europe
Excellent 😊❤
When you hit 8mil subs maybe start rendering videos properly
You have lied so much when talking about Syria, I'm not surprised, the lights have faded there because of your military presence that's stealing their oil mate, do your homework and be honest, stop repeating the lies of the mainstream media .....
Why are you talking like that?
But the Africans are already used to living in the dark lol
9:50 *its not Hyderabad
Was that amazon prime??😮
From space? This guy is crazy!
What the fuck is a kilometer 🦅
As a resident of Perth it was nice to see my city mentioned. We take a certain perverse pride in being so isolated. I have only just found this channel and find your videos excellent. But 2 small points. Yes Adelaide is the nearest city, larger than 100,000, but it is almost as large as Perth, having about 1.3 million people.  Also Alice Springs and nearby Pine Gap, are pretty isolated, but is not thousands of miles from the ocean. To Burketown on the Gulf of Carpentaria is about 910km, to the south the Great Australian Bight and the Southern Ocean is 900 km, and even to the more populated east coast, and the Pacific it is about 1400km. But it is still a good spot for a (openly) secret communications base.  Nebula also seems like a good alternative to YouTube.
"There are even plans to connect Toyko and Japan to the network..."  (Upload date: Jan 31, 2022.)
North Korea is not fascist, it's communist. America's neo-liberalism is closer to fascism than the DPRK.
Will we see anything as extraordinary as the invention of electricity in our life time? I feel like seeing a lightbulb come on for the first time must’ve felt like actually seeing magic. I know we’ve been to space, but I think it would be more shocking to go from candles to a switch and light appears.
Ukraine will change here right quick
All I can think is what about all of us who sleep with the lights off 😢 , motel 6 cant say the same.
You can thank the darkness in Syria Yemen to the United States
Man real life lore is fucking crazy
9.50 how tf is hyderabad in Pakistan 😂
North Corea a fascist State? 😂😂😂😂 come on are you a big leftist or what?
Really, really good.
Good for Africa
I'm just dropping in to give you a dislike for the godawful title. Bye
I’m too late for the 15$ per year sign up lol just tried it’s 50 now
North Korea is darker than ⚫️ on the map 😮😊
Good but I dislike extremely the background 'music'. Very annoying.
I want to see a video on the biggest execptions to the normal geography that builds civilizations. What are the most successful countries or strategies for overcoming mountains or lack of water?
India gets brighter and China gets dimmer lololol.  Its literal proof that china is a fraud economically
The only fat man in north Korea Kim Jon dummy let his people sit in darkness I bet he got electricity and plenty of food to.after seeing the night map of north Korea these people need to over throw this maniac
SAN BERNADINO COUNTY SHERIFF DEPARTMENT POLICE OFFICERS  AND CALIFORNIA HIGHWAY PATROL ARE TERRORIST AND  WORKING WITH TERRORIST THAT ARE STOCKING AFRICAN AMERICAN MEN  I am African American and disabled with no criminal record or warrants  and there are police harassing me and not willing to help me with terrorists trying to kill me and stock me everyday.  The terrorists are driving JEEPS, MOTORCYCLES DIRT BIKES, AND TRUCKS  if you die, get hurt, robbed, kidnapped, stocked, harassed etc... The police may already know about it and they may not care or believe you like they told me.  That's NOT PROTECT AND SERVE.  Terrorist are in Apple Valley California and they are watching my house everyday. I have noticed they are whites and hispanics. They try and get blacks to target me to not make it look racist. You will notice the terrorist ethnicities is always the same. I have pictures and videos of there faces, houses, cars and licence plates. The Terrorists are watching my house  over here by Clark Rd and standing rock where it turns into dirt roads.   I have witnesses and evidence that proves police officers won't help me. If I react in self defense because I'm a black man so I will go to jail. I am trying to handle this the right way.  If I die the San Bernardino County Sheriff's department will already know about my murder before it happens.They do not like me and I have evidence to prove it.  DO NOT BE AFRAID OF SAN BERNARDINO COUNTY SHERIFF DEPARTMENT, TERRORIST OR ANYBODY.  IM GOING TO TO DIE SAYING THE GOD'S HONEST TRUTH.  BLACK MEN THE POLICE STILL WANT TO KILL US SO GOD HAS US.  GOD CONTINUE TO WATCH OVER MY GOD BROTHERS AND SISTERS WHO ARE WHITE AND HISPANIC. I KNOW MY GOD FAMILY COMES IN ALL COLORS, SHAPES, SIZES, GENDERS AND AGES........PRAIAE GOD  ( the Terrorists will try and leave a like or commnt to this. They will have a few or no videos and comments on there YouTube page nor will they have a lot of subcribers
Fascinating and heartbreaking
Neat!
Bad, wasteful lighting practices..that is what the video tells me.
it's crazy to think the whole U.S. started in a group of states called the original 13 colonies and I live in one of those states... specifically one in the group of states called New England
I would love to advocate for more lights. Pitch black skies have absolutely no use. Light it up!!
The reason for the single dot of light in the middle of Australia is solely due to Alice Springs, which was part of the Overland Telegraph Line. It was settled in 1872. It serves quite a few purposes  Pine Gap came nearly 100 years later, and is the least important part of Alice Springs existence.
3:22 the j is pronounced like a y i think
India's growth is magnificent!
Australia=friendly country  Thousands of dangerous species: are we a joke to you
The airs were formed by process of sun rays and volcanic fires under water
Universe are group of stars/planets those all are leaning in everlasting space of Allah.
North Korea is pretty messed up but it is not fascist, my guy
That railroad between Japan and Russia will never happen 😂
The Chinese were forced to leave the country side and move into the city’s and accept the social credit score life style. Please don’t make it seem like they were all just happy about it “looking for opportunity”.
He sounds exactly like an average redditor.
06:19 the most sinister data in the middle of what  could be a very interesting and informative article about our world. But you had to indoctrinate the audience...Why? Oh Jesus Christ! what happened to our peaceful and beautiful world?
Hey man the Korean War never ended. A cease fire is not a truce. The Korean War is actually the longest war ongoing in human history. Just fyi to people who think the Korean war’s over cause its technically not
Lol ☻️🙂
Really ? 26 minutes to explain lights in the USA?
What's the deal with the light outside the coast of South Korea?
I wonder if there'll be reparation payments for the destruction in Syria
U people are awful
A couple of things:  1. North Korea may be totalitarian, but it is far from fascist. It's communist, which is a different ideology altogether.  2. I was very surprised that you didn't say anything about the Bakken oil field. The population has exploded there but for sure, most of the lights you see on the Bakken are from oil rigs, not houses.  3. You can't possibly say that Aleppo will never be like what it was, pre siege. Look at Frankfurt. Or any of the other dozens of cities that were bombed/leveled/destroyed during WW2 and are now among the most populated urban areas in the world. Recovery in Aleppo is definitely, definitely possible.
The Nile was a blaze
Thank you Mr Nick Tesla
PM Modi also promised a toilet in every house.
The sky must be breathtaking at night from so many countries in the Motherland.
6:07 thanks for explaining that, i was really thinking who the fuck is that mad bastard living out there? lol
I like how you don't mention how Syria was bombed by everyone, even the united states committed war crimes in there and the soldiers don't face any consequence. It's disgusting.
I am starting to get annoyed with the same ending every time "Oh I cant talk about war in a video that is not about war. You should go to a totally separate side where I can talk about it. Please I don't want to feel bad!~" Come one dude... dislike
9:00 the Nile river of Egypt looks freaking great
lol f*cking Plebs
Excellent video.
Joogsquad
I love how Flanders and the Netherlands are one bright light
Knowledge is power, good data, for military startegies, air striking, populated areas.
I'm sorry I see no difference in the India photomosaics. China is very apparent, but India you just changed the background blue. Plus your script and vocal emphasis is quite hyperbolic.
East Coast United States was the first 13 colonies, and is more densely populated, end of story.
Even the water in Europe is brighter than the land in Africa 😂
No wonder they created corona virus. All those ppl living on top of each other in China
What secret war lies in history that wiped out the ancient civilizations that created the pyramids. I never knew the destruction of war may have been the reason why humans only know so much about ourselves. Stuff like this is so fascinating!
My state be shinning
That was OUTSTANDING..
So when aliens fly over earth and see these lights, I really don’t think that’s giving them the entire history of mankind.
A good follow up to this video would be one on light pollution.  Amateur astronomers everywhere would rejoice.
Very well done; just a little puzzled that Fort Worth was mentioned instead of Dallas
"Warning: This URL has been blocked by Bitly's systems as potentially harmful. We recommend you close your browser window and notify the person who sent you the link."  might wanna fix that link , sir!
India is so densely populated that once it becomes a developed nation, the entire landmass will be one single blob of light.
Deadly deadly
This is an amazing channel! The voice, the cinematography, the facts, the narrative, the pace …. Just amazing work! ❤
LOL.  @20:16 "fascist".  Umm... North Korea is a "people's republic".  You know, full-blown Stalinists?  As in, communism?  The left side of the spectrum?
I noticed the date of the production of this video was less than a month before Russia invaded Ukraine I also saw another video that showed the dramatic difference in lights at night over Ukraine since the invasion the first thing I thought of was that it looks like the difference between North Korea and South Korea just how dark the country had become
Hey! So, did you learned a map of world? Is a Crimea a territory of russia?
Can you Stop AD!!!!
Pine gap right in the middle of Australia 😅
7:34 tell me this doesn't feel like something from a welcome to night vale episode, felt like you where gonna start talking about a radio tower light and making me feel existential and shit
its weird to watch stuff like this when I barely turn one light on a day for very minimal time and I live in the US. mostly just a computer screen, well two.
Is this map in actual scale not the abomination pinned to your classrooms wall
Interesting video
So I signed up for Curiosity Stream but how to see your Nebula stuff? The links work but either I must login and CS details don't work. Or create Account which is now not linked to my CS payment/account so not free. How to view your stuff on Nebula after I have the CS account live?
I got distracted then heard "500,000 people, most of which you've probably never even heard of." Yeah, I probably haven't heard of those people.
What city is being shown in China at 12:30? I'm from a very small town in New Hampshire, USA and seeing places like that is jaw-dropping.
Hong Kong is independent. FREEDOM 🎉
You must be from Fort Worth since you said Fort Worth instead of Dallas lol
15:47 " sub-saharan Africa appears far darker than it should be".... 👀 Maybe....a poor choice of words 😅
I heard ukraine is dark now
I have this as a poster on my ceiling
So what we have learned from youtube's opposition to encouraging content creators to make military conflict content is "There is no war in Ba Sing Se  Like I get that they are trying to limit disinformation and partisan biased content about volatile subjects. But youtube is also for better or worse a common source of news media and discouraging the sharing of content about global news is not helpful
The civil wars in Yemen, Iraq, and Syria are the direct result of US political meddeling. Millions people lost their lives meanwhile you are casually sliding in the term "facist north korean regim" in your video as if it helps the world to become a better place by criticizing that then admiting the influence and danger of capitalism from the heart of your US of A. Horrible video  with wrongfully contstructed misguided information. Reported.
Why don't mention American and European bombings of Iraq, Afghanistan, north Korea, Cuba, Syria, which caused millions of civilians dead.
Wow 🤩 very informative video thanks a lot 😊
Whole islands seem to disappear from the map of China's coast
20:15 North Korea is communist 🫤
Your description of North Korea as "fascist" betrays your bias. They are Communist. You avoided that "C word" like the plague. Shame on you.
Without watching the video I can assume that it's because of cities and rural areas
America's 'black marble'-map also explains why THE NATIONAL DESK's weather-team has 3 or 4 DIFFERENT weather-report areas for the Eastern 1/3 of the country, but ONLY ONE for the western 1/3 ...
BE A LIGHT 4 THEM ALL!
IF YOU REAL2REAL THEN KNOW THIS. THIS 1 CONGLOMERATION OF PHOTOGRAPHS FROM SPACE AND THE PROCESSING OF SUCH TELLS A STORY ABOUT HUMANS AND NOT LIFE. HUMANS BEING HUMAN  AND NOT BEING FAITFULL OR LETTING THEMSELVES BE THE LIGHT, ARE AFRAID OF THE DARK. turn the lights off! AND GO TO SLEEP. OR JUST STAY INSIDE. why do we need to illuminate the night? IS THE DARKNESS REAL> DOES THE DARKNESS EXIST? HOW CAN DARKNESS EXIST. nothing is nothing. BUT POWER CORRUPTS AND THAT IS THE REASON FOR US TO ABSOLVE OURSELVES OF GREED AND OF FEAR AND LOVE ONE ANOTHER, AND BRING WITH US ALL WE KNOW, WE MUST OWN THIS LIFE WE HAVE. AND HOW WE DO THAT. IS TO GIVE. NOT TO MAKE.. BUT TO GIVE! DO NOT FORSAKE YOUR BROTHER, OR YOUR MOTHER. HOWEVER. SHE AND HE WHO HAVE BEEN POOR AND WE HAVE THE BIGGEST OF BRAINS. MUST DISTRACT OURSELVES FROM OURSELVES. AND SO WE HAVE TO PRACTICE FAITH SPREAD HOPE. AND NO BOOK CAN LIVE YOUR LIFE FOR YOU. SO GOD MUST EXIST UNIVERALLY? NOT META4ICALMIGHTYAS2NOT1WAY. 2. SO CARE ENOUGH AND YOU MAY MAKE LOVE. UNTIL WE GET THIS PERFECTED. WE WILL CONTINUE AS IF WE HAVE BEEN DELUCIDED TO BELIEVE IN OUR OWN PROWESS. AND NOT THE LIFE WE HAVE ALREADY BEEN GIVEN AND JHAVE HAD. i have said this. WE NEVER LEFT THE GARDEN. THE CHINESE AS YOU MAY SEE JUST COPY US AND US IS THE PROBLEM. US IS ALSO THE SOLUTION. THATS WHY WE LEAD THE WORLD IN THE WEST WE SO BELIEVE THAT. HOWEVER. WE PAY THE CHINESE TO MAKE WHAT WE ORDER THEM TO. so tic/tok. AND UNTIL YOU GET CONNECTED. YOU WILL CAST. THE LINES BETWEEN US. OR THE LINES THAT CONNECT US. CAN NOT BE DISCONNECTED. THIS IS THE ONE LIFE WE HAVE AND THIS IS THE ONE WORLD OF WHICH WE HAVE BEEN GIVEN. SO DO PEOPLE NEED A PLACE TO BURN? OR A PLACE TO MAKE AND POWER IS ESSENTIAL. EVERY THING WE HAVE TODAY IS A RESULT OF FOSSIL FUELS. WHEN THEY RUN OUT. THE WATER WILL STILL BE HERE. BUT WILL WE? THAT IS NOT DETERMINED? I BELIEVE HUMAN BEINGS ARE DETERMINED. BUT TO WHAT END? OUR OWN DEMISE? DO NOT BE FOOLED. THE LIFE WE GET MUST BE WHOLESUMMED. HEALTH CARE CANNOT BE UNDERMINED AND IT WONT BE UNDERSTATED. AS WE MOVE FORWARD AND TIME IS NOT A SPECIAL THEORY OF RELATIVITY. SINCE THE LIGHT WE HAVE, DOES NOT NEED TO BE BRIGHTER AT NIGHT. THE SUN HAS SUPPLIED US WITH ALL THE ENERGY WE HAVE EVER HAD? IF YOU BELIEVE THAT. THEN YOU MUST BE A SOLAR PANEL OR AN ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE. CANT KNOW WHAT LOVE IS, IF YOUR NOT APART OF THIS LIFE WE GET. SO WE MUST HAVE TO MAKE. AND WE MUST LIVE THROUGH EVEN THIS. SHALL 2 PASS. HAND IN HAND. AND NOT ARGUE OVER MONEY. HOW MUCH DO YOU BELIEVE YOU UACTUALLY NEED. IM AN AMERICAN AND THIS TRUTH I KNOW IS UNDENIABLE. AS MEN WE MUST MAKE WAY. THSI IS HOW I DO THAT. and i make no money from my service to you. no for i live in califonrnia. SO IT  IS MY MOTIV OPERANDI TO FIGHT WITH THIS NETWORK A WEB SPUN IS TOO CATCH BUGS. HOWEVER THE BEES THEY SURMISED AT ONE TIME, THEY SAID THAT THEY WERE GOING TO DIE. they did something about that> I see bees. but many of them. I SEE ARE DEAD. ON THE DRIVE WAY OF MY MOTHERS HOME. _what does that mean. bee keepers must live nearby. AND MANY BEES MUST BE LIVING NEAR I. FOR THESE FEW TO BE DEAD JUST OUTSIDE THE GARAGE OF WHICH I MUST LIVE. because shes a LITTLE NUTS. we have all gotten a little mental here especially in california. HOWEVER LIKE THE DOGG SAYS. OR DRE DOCTOR I CANT REMEMBER WHO SAYS IT BEST. but just chill to the next episode AND DROPIT LIKE ITS HOT! word to your father> your mother pronbably knows how LOVE WORKS. but some peoplTe are completely unconcious to what WE DO TO OURSELVES. SO I MUST HAVE A CAR HERE. AND I MUST HAVE A MOBILE PHONE AND I MUST FIND WORK. regardless of whether it pays me. i have. TO DO. SOMETHING SO I WRITE HERE. MY BROTHER IS/WAS CHRIST.. AND MANY MANY HERE BLOATED. MUCH TEMPTATION IN THE US. its full of sin yet i have yet to get a wife or have children for woe is this man again> i was john lennon and addicted to her and drugS. AND SO HERE I AM AGAIN. FIGHTING IN THE TRENCHES. hear the sound of my voice as the ocean. HEAR THE CALL OF THE MOOON AND SO AS MEN WE MAY HOWL AT IT AS WELL, IN A WAY WE CAN BE LIKE THE DOG. OUR OWN BEST FRIENDSHIP. so this is how GOD PRESENTS HIMSELF TODAY. AS I WATCH THEM ALL . THRU THIS . A MEDIUM. LAPTOP. LENOVO, LEGION. AND KNOW WHY  THE MAN TODAY HERE MUST NOT LET HERE PUSH HIM OUTSIDE. FOR WE HAVE TO BE EFFICIENT IN OUR STEADFASTNERS. WE HAVE TO BE SUFFICIENTLY SHARP TOOTHED TO TEAR THE PROTEIN. WE NEED TO EAT LIFE BUT UNCOOKED IS THE BLOOD WE WILL NOT SPILL OUR DRINKS. be merry. AND CHRISTEN THE SILK ROAD AS THE PATH WE MUST FORGE A SWORD OF TRUTH. GROW UP IN OUR TIME. there is no better thing to do. THEN to prosper in giving others a love that cannot die> WILL NOT DIE. no matter what! YES HUE AND MAN. THATS Y2K. AND 42 COMPUTES WITH HER. AS WELL AS I. DO YOU FAIL TO C? THEY ARE ALL SACRIFICING ON THE STREETS HERE FOR THE GOOD OF THE WHOLE. TO BAKE AND COOK OUR FOOD AND SOUP SERVED WARMS THE VERY SOUL. IF NOT NOW WHEN WILL YOU GIVE LOVE TO THEM? IT MUST BE SLOWED. NOT STOPPED SUDDENLY. THE MOMENTUM WE HAVE DRIVEN INTO OUR VERY HEARTS BURN WITH DESIRE. TO SHARE. NOT TO HORDE.
12:12 WOW look at the change in the islands off the coasts of china, taiwan and japan.
11:40 yea.. till you start getting scam calls from India lol
love how in the thumbnail the "BRIGHT" arrow is pointing at a dark space, and the "DARK" arrow is pointing at a light space.
Cool video. That one light spot in Australia was pretty cool.
The grid is vulnerable and human stupidity can destroy it much faster than we can respond…
North Korea - is communist RealLifeLore "Totalitarian FASCIST state"
Hey, I just wanted to tell you that the map of India in this video is wrong. The borderline between India and Pakistan is incorrect...
20:14 - Not facist, you mean communist*  Facism supports the private class enterprise whereas communism doesn't and the state controls the nation's resources directly
yall forgot abt sealand...
There is a cloud covering the whole Nepal 🇳🇵 but I don’t remember a day when that happened
I would surely subscribe to Nebula, however, in Europe it is 50 euros a year and no bundle available.
Awesome work! Let me just not agree with the narrative about how a single photo about light pollution says it all about human history. Says it all about human stupidity and the unimaginable wasting of natural resources. A place what is not vastly illuminated by night still could be prosperous. A modern conscious society will respect the rythm of nature, and consumption will not be equal to development. Humans are diurnal, by night should rest and regenerate, just turn off the light. So simple is that. Night environment by nature is dark, and darkness is very important for nocturnal species, which we are killing with our ignorance. Peace, stop light pollution.
A video that's both beautiful and haunting. Thanks for the upload.
Um Yeah Becuase Of House Opened Light
Good video tying together geography, history, and geopolitics via lights. But the superlatives used here to describe the battle of Aleppo were destined to be outdated within the same month of the video's release, once the Ukraine-Russia war escalated. Not an achievement to be celebrated, humanity. :P  Well, maybe we can go for the platinum level achievement of "most destroyed city of the 21st century". There are still 77 years to go.
And so that the Muslim Army may deliver as much damage as possible to Dajjal's Army. The Nur of Allah ﷻ appeared on my right hand index finger and I keep on fighting Dajjal for a long time with the nur of Allah. Muhammad Qasim Dreams
honestly can’t tell whether he’s saying billion or million 90% of the time
Syrian war was officially between Assad tyrant and rebels. But Assad was heavily backed by Putin’s Russia and most of atrocities were instigated by Ruzzian mercenaries.
Ironically the brightening of China signifies the darkening of American jobs shame on you American corporations shame you're all sellouts for the almighty dollar
itd be cool if u used actual units of measurement, never heard of a killameter in my life
india 🔥
Even though India has a lot of light. They DONT USE TOLIETS
Dude, is this a propaganda channel? Because your take at the end on Syria "isn't even wrong", as they say. Why don't you add a little objective geopolitical research when speaking on conflict zones, rather than merely parroting Western media and govt. propaganda?
The segment about Syria reminded me of a very famous quote from the British Foreign Secretary in the lead up to WWI: "The lamps are going out all over Europe; we shall not see them lit again in our lifetime"
syria wasn't a civil war, it was western intervention.  sick of these ignorant channels
I got the 🌄mountain in the world
Awesome Video 👏
Le manque d'éclairage lumineux visible depuis l'espace en Corée du Nord est plus une mesure des embargos américains sur le commerce avec la Corée du Nord que l'état politique du gouvernement nord-coréen. Depuis sa création, la Corée du Nord (sous la sphère d'influence paranoïaque de l'URSS et de la Chine) et la Corée du Sud (sous la sphère d'influence paranoïaque américaine), le peuple coréen dans son ensemble a souffert.  La Corée du Nord possède des armes nucléaires pour une raison, et c'est pour empêcher les Américains d'envahir à nouveau leur territoire. Un jour, bientôt, espérons-le, le peuple coréen se débarrassera du joug oppressif des brutes russes, chinoises et américaines. Les Coréens sont un peuple et la Corée est un pays.
000
This was a facinating video! Thank you for making it, and great job on the production as well!
I’m from Indonesia, and I could clearly see that Java has more lights than any other major island in the country. I shouldn’t be surprised, given that Java is home to more than half of the total population, but what I was really surprised was that Sumatra and Sulawesi, the next most populated islands, have very isolated lights, especially the former.
1:13 you forgot new zealand 🇳🇿
Why do spare US bombing in Syria?
The Bightest - India.  Thank you dear for your amazing video and sweet words about ny prime minister Shri Narendra Modi <3
See title, jump to few video point Yeah, not 1 photo.  clickbait dislike
This is an interesting and entertaining channel.
Would appreciate if you said things in metric as wel..
California has alot of Asian foreigners to prevent those foreigners to sleep good In California they remove and destroy the lights while there mainland where British tea and Europeans come most be well visited cuz there allies
North Korea is supposed to be a fascist state? Are you kidding? I suggest some reading in basics of socialism. Especially all the rhetoric of vast persuasion and it's utterly failed implemented variations.
Wow
Not necessarily. The map will show where people live WHO HAVE ELECTRICITY.
quick answer: NOBODY LIVES THERE
This is a timely video. Please make a video to Dr. Luis Martinez peer reviewed paper of Night luminosity's relation  to GDP .
8:27 (left mountain) it looks like jesus face
Ahoj,  thanks for the video.  But I cannot really see that in the video you explain what you laid out for in the title "How 1 Photo From Space Explains ALL of History". Many of the facts you see and explain in the picture need a background knowledge that cannot be infered from the photograph.  For example, in the photograph you cannot distinguish between "not many people live there" and "the people there have no electricity". So for me, the title is too far fetched, leaving a bit of aftertaste of "was the title choosen to make watchbaiting?", lowering the expectation and adding some resentment on your future videos.  Nevertheless, thanks for this video!
This is bogus.
Ahoj,  I am a bit confused -- you say that you created a companion video, that you did not upload to YouTube because of it's controversial content it most probably would be cencosred by the YouTube algorithm(?) (you say "you probably will never see it"). Why then, when you want others to watch it, do you upload it to a site that requires registration (which is already a hurdle) and payment to watch, and not upload it e.g. to the federated, free (free as in "freedom", not as in "free beer") network "PeerTube" and link to there?  Regards!
Thank you for being a bright light to all us docufans!
13:40.  China started doing things differently.  Translation - Communist China rediscovered capitalism, and the result is obvious.  20:15  North Korea - totalitarian yes, fascist in its methods yes, but please keep the Communist in the forefront.  It is a totalitarian Communist society. Lastly, it would have been great to see the differences in lights of Venezuela before Hugo Chavez and today in order to give us all a trifecta of the nightmares of left wing totalitarian regimes and the benefits of giving up such insanity.
American.
There’s like no light from north korea
Narendra modi sir Hats off for this achievement 125 million people electricity access in 4 years 👌
What map is that showing the lighted areas?
No, sorry, North Korea isn't a "fascist" state. You mean totalitarian.
Great illuminating (pardon the pun) video...very interesting
Is this about Ireland or every where around it
Yes, thank you so much....kick off and play appreciate and look forward. Indeed...boom bbcode....jm.....
A picture is worth a thousand words.
Stunning perspective to see in those photos. Thank you for it!
Well you had my interest up to the point where you show Argentina and its railway but not Russias
A.G.I Will be man's last invention
"looks at sri lanka" - pretty sure its even worse now
"with a population of more than 100,000 people, Adelaide" Sir, it has almost 2 million people... and Alice Springs has 200,000 people
Uh. Sinc when did Pakistan have a sport where it borders afghanistan but there’s no borders
This is not accurate. Most African countries doesn't have steady electricity. Africa has over 1 billion people and the have less light
should rename this video to "How Some (Mostly) Recent History Explains 1 Photo From Space"
is it me or China looks like a big devil head?
Cuz one side of the country is mountains and dessert while the other side is grasslands and Forrest
It's sad that there are people in the world who have never seen the stars. Also sad that there are those who can't turn on a light at night.  It's amazing how people living in the most densely populated areas don't go crazy from being crammed in with tons of other people. No wonder so many say, "i wish I could get away from all this and move to the country."  There's something necessary about having personal space, and the ability to see the stars.
California is tying to look like NK and Central Aftrica
So glad I live in the dark place. Keeps the loons out.
Palestine *
Light pollution 🌟 ⚫️ astronomers curse
I'm proud to live in one of the dark zones. I hate people.
Instead of seeing where people are, I see where people came from We started in Africa, we were stuck in Egypt - some of us left toward the east, and some of those stayed in the subcontinent, others went through to the pacific  Some of us went towards the west until we hit England and some of us went North and then towards the continental coast When Europe got too full, East America started to germinate around the coasts, and now the last places to fill-in are the American midwest and far north, and the stretch of land beyond the Urals
north korea is communist! not facist!
Referring to the title Didn't knew that a picture from space could say why Gibraltar is still a part of the UK...
the people living in the center of Australia have deeper reasons then we can comprehend
11:10 The one politician who kept his promise!
I live in Oklahoma and you mentioning how Oklahoma City is along the line is so true. I live on the East side of Oklahoma City (which I can still see the stars if I go where the place is dark enough), but it does seem to be much easier when I visit family on the West side when the sun goes down. A very beautiful sight.🤩
Why in the hell do we have a UN it’s all the world powers are in the UN  way this still happens
19:20 those faces look like they wanna be in South Korea. They looks so disappointed to be serving Kim Jung Un
So basically west is dark bc its a fucking desert and the east is light bc its a giant fucking plain 🙂
Odd that you should call North Korea a "fascist" (sic) state, and hardly conducive for credibility.
World has light thanks to Nikola Tesla and his AC current. If it was up to Edison(Evil SOB) and his DC, USA would still not finish grid as of 2022.
that yemen, iraq and syria fall of lights hit different
For some reason you got me thinking Cyprus will be the next world wide war zone in 10-15 years.  The Russian backed pipeline through Syria will end up off the southern coast of Cyprus. The US and Turkey backed pipe line will not like this as it will give Turkey moral cause to come to the aid of Turkish Cypriots who are "Against Russia". Greek Cypriots might feel some type of way about this and might call for Greece to help.  Factor this in with right now we are trying to paint Russia in a HORRIBLE light with the whole Ukraine situation. In 15 years (after this teen generation has kids) They will be able to remember how HORRIBLE Russia was those years ago and would then be fuel to the fire to support Cyprus in their efforts against Russia.   Geopolitics moves at a DECADES pace. @remind me in 15 years.
i like how he didnt mention kosovo in the intro thats good
The North and South Korean situation indicates that capitalism and democracy still the most effective type of government and economic model. Although it's imperfect, but atleast it's working rather than the communist and totalitarian society. I wonder how the leftist living in a democratic country glorify the horrors of communism which already dead since the collapse of Soviet Union. Fuck ya'll. Be thankful that you're living in a democratic country where you can say what you want and believe what you want to believe without the fear of being incarcerated or killed by the state agents. In a communist state, you can't deviate from the beliefs of the government or else, you will find yourself in Gulag.  Look at China, when Deng Xioaping changed the economic system, they prosper. Now they are not communist anymore (except for the party), they are more likely a state capitalists. But I hope China will achieve true democracy for the following decades.
Most of the lights that went off in Asia was caused by the WEST.
You're aware that North Korea is not a Fascist state. It's a Communist state. These titles matter.
Can you work together New Educational Project on YouTube in 2023?   RealLifeLore Our Changing Climate  Vox
Nothing tells you more about communism than the lights at night.  Take a look at North Korea.
It’s morally wrong that the kind of poverty seen in much of Africa and other areas still exists. We should all try to help. Visit, integrate, invest, donate.
Anybody else saw that the indian photos, before and afer, are the same photo? hehe
The map Shows lights in Australia’s where there is no one.
Arab gulf
off the shore of korea, so many lights, they have oil rigs too?
Yay my city, Fargo, was mentioned!!
Light = more people. Black = less people. I saved you 25 minutes.
Funny how the richest most brutalized people still live in the dark 🤔 Africa is getting raped and gangbang for its minerals. I take it the only light is from the UN head quarters
Narendra Modi ji🇮🇳
👍👍👍👍👍
Really interesting video...   I wonder if now some of the Ukrainian cities would give Aleppo a run for the most destroyed city.  And both were done by Russia... 😕
So RealLifeLore, I am new to you, though I have been referred to some of your videos in the past. I just wanted to say to you  personally - you have a great voice for narrating, you have fascinating videos, you have a great intonation, and finally when you talk you don't doddle. guess you could say I am a BIG fan of  you!  THANKS!
It's looking more like Obama is sponsering the video
LOOK AT LONDONNNN WOW
Before watching this video I think the west is less lit because it’s partly a desert? But that’s just what I think 🤷‍♂️
Modiji’s work is visible from space
Yea, but have you ever gone to one of those isolated dark patches at night and looked up? /:
Just a small correction. Thomas Edison was only able to market the lightbulb better, since he was a rich man, but the true inventor of the lightbulb is Nikola Tesla. Or well, at least in my opinion that is.
This was a great video and I loved it! Found it so interesting! It did however really bother me that you kept using the adjective “arbitrary” when referring to borders. You used it consistently and I think it’s disingenuous to the long and complicated histories of our borders today. Nearly all of them are far from arbitrary. It seems like an injustice to history by dismissing them as such.
Damn dude how’d they get South Park’s very own Al Gore to narrate this?
Awesome video! Didn’t realize it’s actually 30 min long. Content is well researched and captivating. Keep it up! :)
Did Edison really invent the light bulb though?
Argentina part was epic.! Mostly because i am from Argentina hahah. Only thing missing is that those lines by the railroad are part of the Pampas regions of fertile low grasslands, very good agriculture.!
That picture of the USA is Hella fake let it go
As a indian It's nice to hear that : india is the brightest country visible from spaces at night.
That big bright light in Tennessee is my house Damn kids turn on every light in the house
Wonder what else is on that Base in Australia
I'm moving to a place with low electricity I'm sick of living in places where you can't even see the sky or the stars at night. And dear white people stop trying to colonize a whole fucking world.
*North Korea is a totalitarian COMMUNIST state...
Next time you may have to add Greenland and how it’s changing over time there also.
Man, Australia looks very empty.
Hello -darkness- North Korea my old friend
This is a historically significant production in and of itself.  Looking at ourselves from space at night is simply fascinating. How blessed are we to have access to this caliber of content. It took billions to even get to this point. We are very fortunate to even view such as this. The images are awesome. Extremely marketable in their own rights.  I had a random thought that if we are casting artificial lights from Earth ,then can we interpret artificial light in the Universe . Certainly someone has taken that thought to task in the scientific community.  What if we could view space in the same manner ? What if they do actually notice our lights and assume or interpret it just as falsely as we perceive their's.  Our observations are a spec of viewing where we are in the universe.  I feel like we are looking in all the wrong places. Whatever is out there is none of my business, but humanity has made it their business. I would expect to see great strides in discovery in the future. We might not want to see what is out there and the absolute best we can hope for is that they are peaceful.
Now that’s neat
It's kinda cool how you can look at the light map of your country and pick out your town/city.  Like, at 8:03, in the center of the US to the left of the line, you can see Denver, and right below it, Colorado Springs.  Then the tiny one to the left of it with a couple of lights in between is Grand Junction.  Then to the southeast, you see two smaller dots of light being Delta and Montrose.  I used to live there.
Wow.  One of the best youtube videos I have ever watched
22:55 should have said "so far", coz after Aleppo there is Mariupol, a city of 500k ppl also totally destroyed by russians, with many civilians killed. Less than in 10 years russia destroyed 2 big cities. Just imagine how many cities will be destroyed in 21st century if this trend continues😳
Your claim about India are mere words without any actuat change
I wonder why Africa is the only continent that's dark? You got to wonder. But diversity is our strength it's such a strength it's unbelievable everybody diversity is an unbelievable strength as you can tell Africa is flourishing with all their lights and electricity and modern technology Africa is the richest continent in the world diversity is our strength
The Syrian images gave me goosebumps
I am not going to buy Nebula EVER, just stop and post it somewhere censor free, for free.
North Korea needs to be removed for good.
😂 So fake. You can’t go into an “outer space” because there is no such thing. It’s not a globe . It’s flat but mountainous with perfectly LEVEL water.  The lights from a city aren’t even as fake white as this video shows and not bright like this computer generated pic. Lol. No one can even go up as far as this shows. It’s all fake people. NASA means deceive in Hebrew, the original language. NASA has the serpent tongue as it’s logo
8:56 You are basically saying “River River” since “Nile” translates to “River” Same thing with the Sahara…it translates to “Desert” so saying “Sahara Desert” is the same thing as saying “Desert Desert” to the native languages.
Why is a desert dark and the area first colonized by the pilgrims bright I wonder why 🤔🤔🤔🤔
Flagstaff Arizona was recognized as the world's First International Dark Sky City.
65 % of USA population lives 600 miles in all directions from NASHVILLE ,TN ……..that is not good in case enemies want to bomb 💣
TIBET INDAPENCE
"I would do it [study UFOs], but before agreeing to do it, we must insist upon full access to discs recovered. For instance in the L.A. case, the Army grabbed it and would not let us have it for cursory examination." J. Edgar Hoover-Director of FBI     The security guard called and said, “Sir, there’s a glowing red object hovering right outside the front gate. I’ve got all the men out here with their weapons drawn.” We lost between 16-18 ICBMs (nuclear tipped Inter Continental Ballistic Missiles) at the same time UFOs were in the area… (A high ranking Air Force officer) said, “Stop the investigation; do no more on this and do not write a final report. I heard that many of the guards that reported the incident were sent off to Vietnam." Captain Robert Salas, USAF, during a videotaped interview for the Disclosure program.     "A few insiders know the truth...and are studying the bodies that have been discovered." -Dr. Edwin Mitchell Apollo 14..the 6th NASA employee to walk on the Moon.     "Maximum security exists concerning the subject of UFOs.” CIA Director, Allen Dulles, 1955.     "It's still classified above Top Secret." - Senator Barry Goldwater, 1975     “Behind the scenes, high-ranking Air Force officers are soberly concerned about UFOs. But through official secrecy and ridicule, many citizens are led to believe that unknown flying objects are nonsense.” Former CIA Director, Roscoe Hillenkoetter, public statement, 1960.     “We’ll know our disinformation program is complete when everything the American public believes is false” -William Casey, CIA director, 1981     “Yes, there have been ET visitations. There have been crashed craft. There have been material and bodies recovered. There has been a certain amount of reverse engineering that has allowed some of these craft, or some components, to be duplicated. And there is some group of people that may or may not be associated with government at this point that have this knowledge. They have been attempting to conceal this knowledge. People in high level government have very little, if any, valid information about this. It has been the subject of disinformation in order to deflect attention and create confusion so the truth doesn’t come out. ” ― Edgar D. Mitchell, The Way of the Explorer: An Apollo Astronaut's Journey Through the Material and Mystical World     AFFIDAVIT (1) My name is Thomas Jefferson Dubose (2) My address is: XXXXXXXXXX (3) I retired from the U.S. Air force in 1959 with the rank of Brigadier General. (4) In July 1947, I was stationed at Fort Worth Army Air Field [later Carswell Air Force Base] in Fort Worth, Texas. I served as Chief of Staff to Major General Roger Ramey, Commander, Eighth Air Force. I had the rank of Colonel. (5) In early July, I received a phone call from Maj. Gen. Clements McMullen, Deputy Commander, Strategic Air Command. He asked what we knew about the object which had been recovered outside Roswell, New Mexico, as reported in the press. I called Col. William Blanchard, Commander of the Roswell Army Air Field, and directed him to send the material in a sealed container to me at Fort Worth. I so informed Maj. Gen. McMullen. (6) After the plane from Roswell arrived with the material, I asked the Base Commander, Col. Al Clark, to take possession of the material and to personally transport it in a B-26 to Maj. Gen. McMullen in Washington, D.C. I notified Maj. Gen. McMullen, and he told me he would send the material by personal courier on his plane to Benjamin Chidlaw, Commanding General of the Air Material Command at Wright Field [later Wright Patterson AFB]. The entire operation was conducted under the strictest secrecy. (7) The material shown in the photographs taken in Maj. Gen. Ramey’s office was a weather balloon. The weather balloon explanation for the material was a cover story to divert the attention of the press. (8) I have not been paid or given anything of value to make this statement, which is the truth to the best of my recollection. Signed: T. J. Dubose Date: 9/16/91 Signature witnessed by: Linda R. Split Notary Public, State of Florida     "There exists a shadowy government with its own Air Force, its own Navy, its own fundraising mechanism, and the ability to pursue its own ideas of national interest, free from all checks and balances, and free from the law itself. “ — Daniel Inouye Senate Select Committee on Secret Military Assistance to Iran and the Nicaraguan Opposition (Iran-Contra hearings) (1987)     Genesis 19:24 Then the LORD rained upon Sodom and upon Gomorrah brimstone and fire from the LORD out of heaven;      MEANINGFUL congressional hearings, ala the Watergate hearings, including aerospace/defense contractors and Vice Admiral Thomas R. Wilson must be held to address a vital issue that transcends politics and we will never properly advance until it happens: The 75+yr ongoing-constitutionally illegal, EXTRATERRESTRIAL cover-up. How can we truly believe anything our elected officials say? The dog n pony shows must cease.
Thankyou for teaching so good
Photos from space. = A fascinating informative video    Subscribe to your channel
Nicola Tesla not Tomas Edison to know and to bring the power to the world
I thoroughly enjoyed this!  Thank you!
TY,,,,,,WOW incredible very interesting super kool ,1st class great info.,, AAAAAAAAAAA++++++++++++ again great video I liked it a lot ,keep up the great work.
A bit of an exaggeration in the title, but a very interesting video nonetheless
Says $100 per year or $10 per month m8 🤨
I especially like how at 15:00 Thomas Edison whispers to the guy next to him something on the order of "don't tell anybody we can keep a bulb going for over a hundred years or we won't be able to stick our filthy, grubby paws into the pockets of the consumer, after all gentlemen, we're jackals, not Christians."  JOMBOY, lip reading needed here.  Guy on left, "That can burn forever"  Edison "Don't tell anybody".
It's actually called the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex. Both of those cities literally put up right against each other it is the DFW metroplex Dallas is larger than Fort Worth but it is still called the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex one of the largest Metroplex is in the entire world I know this cuz I used to live there I now live in Wyoming
arbitrary lines my ass
I bet it's dark in South Africa.
The amish comunities live in the west of usa 😂😂😂
I know this may be a very small factor, but here in the state of Arizona, USA we also have stricter light laws, at least where I live in southern AZ.   One of the things the Southwest US is known for is wide, unobstructed views and wilderness areas, and we really appreciate the dark, starry sky that comes with it. Camping under and photographing the night sky here is something people actually visit this area specifically for.  So many of our population centers have strict limits on light pollution, and our towns show up dimmer than they would in other areas with the same population. Even Tucson, one of our major cities, is a good deal darker than most cities are. Some of it suburban streets have no street lights at all.  Like I said, not sure how much of a factor it is, but I'm pretty sure many of our smaller towns don't show up on that map because of it.
this guy likes cihina so much he should live there try mous great leep forword 40 million laid in its foundationsmoderm citys are an abomination an afrunt to freedominion
Great Channel great video great information I learned so much from the channel I was looking forward to the next video
bro....1.306m people live in adelaide not just over 100k
Calling North Korea a fascist state when its clearly a communist dictatorship
Reflects the mikyway eh?
Palestine*
Your video is so accurate and unbiased that North Korean fascists are waving you into the sky
If you ever flew in a plain across the America, you  could  see clearly, once you hit a line it becomes nearly barren from people and mostly mountainous.
The main Island of Japan is just one big light.
Truth if living in cities: You make more $ but it doesn’t provide as much, you have access to more goods but they don’t make you interesting. You’re around more people but they’re all strangers who don’t care about you.
11:41 Ben Franklin and Oppenheimer "Am I a joke to you?"
All my problems seems so petty and minuscule now.
All bs
lol why you calling North Korea "Fascist" when their as communist as it gets? Don't shrill for Marx man call a spade a spade
North Korea is not "fascist" it is "communist."  At least that is their ascribed status as the product of socialist engineering.
Parents be like: "i walked that distance to school" 4:45
Only an american would say Yemen Iraq and Syria have had civil wars. When you invade and/or covertly operate in countries, that isbt CIVIL. There has been pretty obvious outside influence fella and we all know where from.
Oh my god, is that your voice? Cant listen...to...the way...you are ...emphasising in really...weird places, with....awful inflection. Delete
Bruh really called North Korea “fascist”. Call them authoritarian, but to call them fascist is intellectually dishonest and willfully ignorant. Words have meanings.
The US propaganda in the part of North Korea suddenly increase when talking about Syria.
Born-again/Rapture is The Only Hope
Appears to be a huge metropolis of maybe 10 million people near the border of Montana and Saskatchewan. 🤨 Why haven't I heard of it before?🤔
Brightest spot on earth: the 70Million people metropolis 14:30
I bet all those videos exclusive to nebula would do fine here on youtube
7:51 LETS GO SIOUX FALLS YOU MADE IT IN A REAL LIFE LORE VIDEO I LIVE NEAR THERE
It's fascinating to think that the lights from my house are in this picture.
i like how i can see lights in my own town even tho its not even a big place or anything
i have lived in africa for a few years since my parents are missionairs but where i lived in northern kenya people often had solar power that they used for lighting and charging phones you would think there would be no electricity what so ever
The reason South Africa is so dark is because we have loadshedding
Proud to indian
why don't you mention that what happened in Syria and Iraq and the creators of ISIS is actually America, the real terrorists
Our history as we know it full of lies written by the nwo last one hundred years and now they’re writing the new chapter
North Korea “fascist” Bombs in Syria “Russian”   The message in full effect.  NK is communist Obama dropped bombs in Syria
Russia does NOT have 140 million people. Russia is 96% empty fields and grass. Russia far overestimates it's countries size. I bet there's less than 40 million total Russian citizens. There are more Russians in The United States and Canada than in Russia.
ok but how come the very middle of the nile river is also bright? shady...
Lmao so it’s cgi   What joke
Well illustrated
We see electricity as automatically being "good" but deleting the balance of day and night has many negative consequences for our health and the environment. It's the equivalent of deleting the polarity of sleep to our waking hours.
Dump ALL incumbents.
1:55 When you can see North and South Korea simply by seeing one half of the peninsula lit up and the other looking like it joins the two seas together.
We gave up so much just to become slaves all over the world. We were fine without these things at one point
So cool thank you
It's just amazing how bright Northern Italy is
Thomas alva edison would be proud..
What's going on with the off shore east of South Korea?
I would kindly appriciate if you put metric system messures on screen. I was educated in metric and been living all my life with it. I just dont have size compairisons for the imperial in my head
Excellently done! But I just can't help viewing this beautiful planet like a CAT scan showing cancer. It's only a matter of time before humanity snuffs itself and other life out.
North Korea a fascist state? Man have you heard of communism? Here's a hint, fascism allegedly killed 30 million people, while in a world war, communism on the other hand killed 100 million people in peace time, so you decide which is worse, but spare me of the constant mantra that whatever is evil in the world is fascist cuz it just makes you look dumb...
I was born in 1961 I've seen a few video since then this one is very very good I think for the first time I'm going to actually subscribe and get the Curiosity think that also includes nebula $15 a year I mean come on thank you
1:13 note the particular significance of New Zealand!
Ah yes as usual, lets end this informstion video with advertising
North Korea is Communist not fascist...
Those blips in the middle of the ocean makes me wonder what is going on over there
People say one image is worth a thousand words, but this is more like one image is worth the entirety of humankind.
AMERICA is a continent with 37 countries you are talking about United States OF North America bro
Bro that difference between north and south Korea is mad
North korea fascist... Didn't you meant communist? Or is politically incorrect to mock marxism?
Adelaide has nearly 2 million people
Guess the irish just did a better job at building that side..
I'm sure Mao's cultural revolution had nothing to do with people moving from the countryside to the cities, because forcing all the farmers to melt their plows to turn them into steel, resulting in ~30 mil people starving to death, I'm sure had nothing to do with them fleeing to the city.
The map looks like a petri dish under a UV light...
good to know that im older than a country
I am probably missing something obvious, but why don't they just take a single picture...?
Bro I really want you to make a video on Venezuela and it’s crisis.
North Korea is Fascist??? It is Communist.
To date the very best YT video I've ever watched. Should be required to watch in US public and private schools.
And now there is Ukraine…
not the brightest person on the planet  ( no pun intended)  with this video.   ................. but "All of  History"?
your imperialist western bias is showing in describing battle of aleppo...the syrian gov. freed the city of jihadist rebels (funded by fascist gulf nation n turkey n CIA) n city has been growing n reconstructing ever since syrian gov. freed it...on other hand, raqqa was reduced to rubble thanks to western arial bombing n ground attacks by us-fundrd kurdish proxies, who have zero interest in rebuilding, and are only interested in throwing out native arabs n subplating them with kurdish ppl..
Wrong...Aleppo was not destroyed completely...n infact has seen considerable reconstruction since syrian gov. took over in 2016...  it was Raqqa that was completely reduced to rubble n razzed to ground..
Dear white people....don't call it sub-saharan Africa. We ain't sub anything.
Great video!! Absolute fluid and smooth
fart
And remember if you don’t have access to electricity your not a person 🤷🏽‍♂️😂
This quickly went from a fascinating modern geography video 2 western geopolitical propaganda wrt North Korea & specially Syria where d so called rebels in d devastating civil war were mainly western backed Al-Qaida affiliates & other Islamic extremists whom d West used as proxy against d legitimate Syrian govt. Most civilian atrocities & war crimes were actually committed by d jihadist rebels in govt held territories & also staged deadly chemical attacks in their territory blaming it on govt forces & of course d mainstream western media quickly propagated those baseless allegations as part of western geopolitical narratives against Assad govt cause it was backed by Russia & Iran.
and i live in the wast of the u.s and there is  farms evrywhere! no food shortege here oh wait joe biden  >:(
but what about the ppl that cant buy light bulbs and not all ppl live in citys you know  some ppl live out in the wild cuz they poor :true story
Nothing about usa...
Good job exploiting Alice Springs 👏 don't you people ever learn to shut up about some things?!!
You know, it must be really hard keeping secret bases as a democratic nation.
13:05 China is larping hunger games
This is absolutely fascinating. Thank you so much for sharing this. :)
Cool video. Just so you know, I usually stop the video once you get all mean-girl on YouTube to promote the other thing.
"Sub-Saharan Africa appears far darker than that it should be."  Goddammit! *facepalm* YoU CaN't SaY tHaT!!!
North Korea, like China, is a communist state. You said North Korea was a fascist state. Communism and fascism are polar opposites so which is it?
North Korea is communist.... why avoid saing that?
OK, it's fewer people not less people, and the reason is that, not the reason is because.   Sigh.   The total confidence with which this guy makes an ass of himself with his English is awe-inspiring.
Since 4 months that this vídeo was made that at least one country in the east of Europe changed a lot on this night light metter seen from the espace. Ucrania is now for sure the most destroyed country from war in the 21th century and it stills, unfortunately 😞
Notice how north Korea has no light at all while south Korea is having a light party
Stopped watching when i saw modi😂
It is really mesmerizing how a single man’s decision had such a huge impact and can be so evidently visible in such a short span! Modi is a savior for INDIA!
There were three international countries bombing Syria. This widespread destruction was mainly for oil and travel routes. This wasn’t just a civil war. That’s why there are several  huge material bases now in Syria. Same goes for Russia Israel and Turkey. This was about money and power.
Thomas Edison may have patent the light bulb but he was not the first or the one who made it happen. Lewis Latimer created the light bulb. Who also went on to work with Tesla.
It's pronounced mer rid dian.
11:40 India needs to distribute the higher math book Ramanujan gained access to, to every Indian math student. They have the DNA to know infinity.
Glad to have all of history explained in a 26 minute video. No hubris here.
21:15 The lack of electricity in the middle east is the fault of the U.S invasions, and for providing weapons to the Saudis and Jihadis!
I need to give face to the man owning this sexy voice - please reveal yourself hehehehe I’m a marriage material !
SAAAY WHHAAAAT? You mean they got cameras in SPAAAACE? OH LORDY THANKS FOR LETTING US KNOW BC HOW ELSE WOULS WE HAVE FIGURED THAT OUT!? 😂
All of history!?!?
Yeah... Light-pollution tho... The thing is that eve though it looks pretty on the photos and images like this map more than 70% of those light are used inefficiently and just waste of energy and resources. Even sadder part is it's actually relatively easy to fix yet next to nobody cares while projecting
TLDW: places like antartica and deserts arent easy to populate
11:31 "more than 125 million Indians gained electric for the first time" thus, the bobs and vagene era began.
How about of Japan
Is there any hope of population control? All the lights are not the marvel to be glorified. We're choking the planet's natural life to death.
20:13 North Korea is actually communist. Everyone knows that the countries with "Democratic" and "People's" in their official title are the obviously communist ones. The Chinese had to taste some capitalism because communism wouldn't work for them if they wanted a good economy.
The Korean War is not over it has only a cease fire, also the north is NOT a fascist regime, but supposedly a communist totalitarian mutant, for a fascist state look more to how phize r and raytheo n control the legislative interests of the US government.
Many people (including myself) don't know much about Afghanistan's geography!  I always thought of Afghanistan as a desert like Iraq or Saudi.   Thank you for share a few tidbits.  Very interesting!
Norte Korea is not fascist, its comunist
Whats a kilometer?
According to NASA Space Gen, India will be the brightest country by far in 2035. More light pollution will be produced by India then combined USA and Europe
What an amazing video🙌🏾💯
Huh, so those old Warner Bros cartoons set in "darkest Africa" weren't entirely wrong. And lol DPRK vs. ROK, Pyongyang is a tiny bright spot, and Seoul damn near burned a hole in the sensor.
Shows population distribution, but not nearly ALL of history
It’s so simple most people don’t live in Central America name a nfl/nba/nhl team other then Colorado in Central America
Fascist? Excuse YOU but North Korea is obviously COMMUNIST! Read a book.
Dude, North Korea is not fascist, it's comunist. I see more parallells to Stalin than I do to Franco or Mussolini. I know all the cool kids in school like to wear Che Guevara shirts and advocate for "socialism", but communism in your over-priced, hipster college campus coffee shop isn't the same as communism in real life.
MONEY.
Adelaide population is 1.3 Million not 100.000
Actually North Corea is a communist country, not a fascist
💯🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟💪🥰👍👋👋👋👋👋💯
Yooooooo Puerto Rico is lit up as a puertorican i dont feel joy or pride but rather confused because we are no more than 3 mil people
Australia isn’t a very friendly country, at least the government anyway.  Never forget how they treated their citizens during COVID.
a photo at night showing where people live doesn't explain history. it tells more about the geography and or topography of the world
Very well presented.  Thank you.
66hh
As a European, I was blown away when travelling Australia. The night sky was something out of this world, and something I've never seen. I treasure those memories and photos!
Really cool, I love this video.  Nice to hear the enthusiasm in your voice while telling us everything about this.  Thank you so much!
9:44 Hyderabad is not in Pakistan but way down in the south of India.
It says Hyderabad is in Pakistan😅
why did you call north Korea a fascist regime? like i agree that there is not much difference between them and the left in America but North Korea is a full communist authoritarian county
Nothing? About Europe?
wow off-topic slamming of totalitarian regimes.. some of us have a brain and would come to the same conclusion without it being shoved down our throats with bland political background
Want to simulate living in the absinth of technology move to the Congo
that is one flat earth
At 5:54 did anyone else se an eye in the middle of Australia?
Civil war in Yemen ? Yeah , but I think you mean Saudi Arabia bombing them daily is the reason lights went out.. also, let’s thank the us for funding the Syrian rebels that turned into isis 👏🏼
Over 759 Million people live in darkness, in "The Dark Continent"
That’s because it’s a slun
Iraq, Syria and Yemen were not destroyed by Civil War! Iraq was destroyed by the military invasion of US troops. Syria was destroyed mostly by a terrorist group and the USA (again) in the name of "Democracy". Finally Yemen is being destroyed by Saudi Arabia one of the most loyal allies of USA (oh yes, again).
This channel celebrates 3rd world countries getting electricity from fossil fuels while shunning developed countries for using fossil fuels. Makes sense to me, what's your problem?
I see the "too hot for tv" method of selling has gotten a streaming era update, lol.
2:04 your zoomed in map of Afghanistan is missing a border in the top right
Dump ALL incumbents.     Save electricity -- turn off the lights at night. Leave them off during the day.
Non Aussie: where do u live in Australia? Aussie: Perth Non Aussie: a what?
Spots that intrigued me and that he didn't talk about: 11:25 The dark ring in north-eastern India 20:05 The sea of lights just off the South Korean coast (fishing boats?)
🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
20:27 99.9% of north koreans dont have access to power
01:13  I see North Korea run by democrats is completely dark;  Whereas South Korea run by Republicans is well lit and happy.
So interesting thank you very much.
What do you mean im from Washington state and we produce the most berries
10:44    I feel the luckiest to be born in India 🇮🇳. The most glorious nation on earth where human civilisation originated. We create the decimal mathematics, zero, surgery, liquid soap (shampoo), weighting measurements, trading system via incense route etc.. And a lot of things unable to describe in words.  And for food, We begins to firm and breed chicken and introduced them first to the world.. Chicken is still found on wild only in India. We create the most delicious dish called curry.  And today we r the 4th most powerful military in thee world with 2nd largest active personnels, 4th largest Air force and navy, 4th largest space programme ISRO with own NAVIC navigation satellites. Our military include nuclear ICBMs and anti satellite missiles. We have 2nd largest movie industry  etc.. Proud to be an Indian!! 🇮🇳🇮✌️ Jay Hind!!!
This is absolutely brilliant! Who knew light or the absence of it could tell SO much? Very cool stuff 👏
The line between South Korea and North Korea is so impressive, you can really see the difference between these two countries.
New title: Photo from Low Earth Orbit.. Not from Space..
One exception to the 100-degree line, Western North Dakota where there is lots of oil and gas recovery going on.
lol north korea is poor asf
What/Which date is the picture🖼 taken? Vilket datum är bilden/photot tagen?📸
north korea is communist
The efforts of electrification in India was NOT because of Modi alone, it was the hardwork of the previous governments that created the infrastructure. What is this video exactly, another Modi ad disguised as an educational video?
Im happy for India!!!
You can still see a result of WW2/the cold war in the night image of Berlin, as the difference in lighting indicates the former Western and Soviet zone today.
Cause of the mountain region
Incorrect about Iceland. It’s 2/3 of people that live in the capital, not around half, and around 80% of them live in the capital plus the other eastern regions around the capital
I've visited Szenzhen!It is an enormous city, with friendly people :) Once they get to know they are very helpful :D
Man! It was a very nice video but this was a great opportunity to show the Heihe-Tengchong Line, that shows 94% of China lives to the east of that line or something. Hehe boi.
China: We spent 2300 years to build The Great Wall of China so you must be able to see it from the space, but you really can't. Meanwhile India:   ｡･ﾟ(ﾟ🌟ω🌟)ﾟ･｡
What is a Leppo?
Interesting to point. Most Syrian refuges are men, over the age of 18.
if only russia was an ocean :(
pls not only use feed! thx good vid
It will be interesting to see what happens when all of these lights go out.
Communist. North Korea is a communist dictatorship. Not fascist. There has only ever been one fascist nation. Italy.
At 20:14 North Korea is...wait for it...communist. Literally. There is no private sector to be manipulated by a fascist state.
You should a video of Hong Kong for China and i was just like 😬
Wish you would’ve gone into detail about the Bakken shale field in North Dakota.
BECAUS MORE PEOPLE LIVE THEREEEEEE
Population density 👍
North Corea is a COMMUNIST state, say it loud and clear, don't be an accomplice of genocidal maniacs, please :)
Why didn't you talk about Europe and the uk? I guess not much has changed in these regions when it comes to the night skies??
I generally love the videos, but I don't understand why you called the communist north Korea a fascist state . Is it an attempt to make the failed ideology seem right wing? Or, do you agree with me that fascism is a left-wing ideology. That leftist can't admit the third Reich was left. Both sides use nationalism and both have racist. Let's all start being honest
You've never seen the stars until you seen the stars in Afghanistan. You've never seen mountains until you've seen them in Afghanistan. It is one of the most beautiful countries in the world. I will even say, its people are some of the most beautiful I've ever seen--men and women. It breaks my heart to see what its become now and realize that our generation and probably our children and great-grandchildren will never be able to experience the beauty, food, culture and people of that once thriving, amazing country with one of the richest histories in the world. I am humbled that I was able to see those stars.
Can we stop perpetuating falsehoods please. Assad was not dropping barrel bombs on civilians and hospitals. The specific "gas attack" was such a flimsy lie that the video of the "event" disproved the narrative.  All war is terrible and prize is death and sadness, but much like the wars in Syria and Libya, almost all current wars are dreamed-up, funded, and/or fought by one country.   Let's stop being so easily tricked.
Go India Go...Make the world Shine
america is dominating the world with electricity
Why don't you blame the US for Syria but blame the Government and Russia. Clown 🤡
7:53-- What is the large bright patch west of Fargo?
Very interesting video...thanks....
shenzens growth is mad
Tesla NOT Edison invented the lightbulb, also a wireless way to transfer energy.
I've always joked about using the light pollution map to track my movements during a zombie apocalypse. I know it's a joke but Ive always been fascinated by where humans decide to stay. Thank you for this awesome video. I don't usually write comments but this video was to enjoyable to me.
о》
Middle East "civil wars" more like bombed to nothing by America and russia directly or indirectly
I would like to point out that some people may be living without electricity by choice and very comfortably in their eyes.
Yooo, I live in Iceland, thank you for acknowledging us! Btw you pronounced Reykjavík wrong :)
Adelaide has over a million people.
Because living in an arid environment is inherently ignorant
Great video! Ihave a question: what are all the lights in the seas east and south of S.Korea?
Is it 'light' or thermal induction？
Can we stop saying ft. ? Most English speakers live are from outside the US these days. It is America that needs to adapt at this point. That's just the world we live in.
super intresting!!!
guess for the thumbnail: timezones. if one part of the usa is night then more people woulld have there lights on. if the other is day then more people wont have lights on
Why would a country willingly make a land connection with Russia if they can avoid it?
Seriously, I was never expecting this amount of detail when I clicked on the video
Great vid, but actually wayyyy more food comes from the west than the east in America
This kind of video cannot be completed without calling North Korea worst country
dont show wrong image of india  ]
Thank you for the vide I  feel I learn
What about rural settlements
I love how he mentioned "The Democratic **Regime**"  Regime being define as; 'A government, especially an oppressive or undemocratic one.'  Lol
Who would have thunk Africa would be soo dark.
Amazing 😀😀 Thank you for this interesting video....😊😊🥰🥰☺🤗
This is such an awesome video, well done!
Seeing Aleppo go dark in such a short amount of time really hit me harder than any images from the actual conflict did. Maybe it’s the perspective, but god. It’s such a mindfck to visualize just how cruel human beings are
Simple answer... West end: desert. East end: grass.
I love this dude, amazing content. Thank you
The map shown of india in this video is wrong 😑
7:33 Did he meant the continent or the country?
It's getting dark in Ukraine
korean war has not ended.
North Korea is communist, not fascist
how do we get this map?
So much light pollution... Gah
One of the best videos ever made 🦾🦾🦾💯💯🙏🙏🙏👌🧐
I love the bright lights in the Dakotas. It is all the drill rigs and frac spreads in the Bakkan Oil Field. The scale amazes me
Peek 8:49 hahahaha
these blops of light kind of remind me of viewing tons of galaxies stars dust in webs from so far away...
As for the one hundredth meridian part of the US. One of the reasons that area is empty because it is essentially a desert it’s incredibly dry and hot and is mostly uninhabitable for humans with no water with temperature is that regularly reached 110s people only went out west to work and once their work dried up they kept moving to a more hospitable land like the coast of California Plus the fact that all of that area is mostly an empty desert is what makes it fun to drive around
wow í live in iceland and when you said that i instantly started to think of iceland then you said it
i want a continental drift
Your actually spot on  i dont know how it took someone like you with such a massive following to observe how Sub Saharan Africa has no electricity, Iam actually  from Congo and what we do at every end of the week the oldest witch in our community goes to the top of the highest mountain in wakanda and summons the god of thunder called  'CLUELESS YOUTUBER' When he strikes with thunder and lightining  she then captures the lighting in bottles and  distributes to families across the community unfortunately by the time the NASA satelite passes by at 3:00AM in the morning the flash is already used up oh and my other relatives in Uganda must have forgotten to turn on thier floodlights which they installed on the roof .
Never noticed the line from San Antonio to Austin to Dallas to Oklahoma City to Wichita to Omaha to Fargo
This is my favorite video you've done RLL! Big fan
Being a rice farmer was probably so much more fun than being cramped into tiny apartments w little green space :( capitalism ruining good pure fun as always smh
God loves you
Independence for Tibet
This is a great video, 5:50 I live in Adelaide and i'm genuinely confused why you said "more than 100,000 people", you're not wrong, but our population is more than 1.35 million. Depending on how you draw the lines on a map though you could say 1.4 million.
The commentary, combined with the music, got me emotional.
Please consider giving metric measures as well.   I bet you have a huge chunk of you audience who can not put a 20.000 feet mountain into any useful perspective until they google the conversion.
Russia and Islam is the worst thing that happen to our planet.
YT blowzgoatz
North Korea isn’t fascist its communist or has the youtube gods deamed the term “communist” being sad in a bad light against the algorithm
cities of Australia: perth and adelaide might be 2.100km away from one another and not 21000 real life role.... unless you move the other way around the globe. 5:47
If my mom was the P.M of india: Hey! why are the light on! Who is going to pay the electricity bill!
For some reason I read the title of this video "How 1 potato from space explains all of history"
calling North Korea totalitarian is understandable, but calling it fascist.. I am not trying to defend it, but it's just over the edge, considering that we discuss lighting.
North Korea is Communist....
nice fucking job to take like 10 minutes to shift from the devastating war in syria to your sponser, that's just horrible. take a small piece of the video to talk about it but don't take endless amounts of time to shift into it from an important and gruesome topic
Wonder how Ukraine and Russia will look if we compare before and after the war. The whole of Europe, perhaps, where oil and gas prices are rising...will they use less light?
Why is north Korea 'fascist'? Seriously, why?
I had to rewatch the Syrian comparison a few times. What a way to show the terrible things that happened there in just a few seconds.
7:15 I can also see the remoteness being a plus since it means less signal noise from electronic devices.
BASED
You're assuming nobody lives where there isn't electricity. While most do, there are entire cultures that live without power. Then there's North Korea...
A correction if I may. I use to live in Adelaide/Australia and the population there is 1.3million. I believe you stated 100,000. A big difference. However, that point is technical as I appreciate your overall explanation regarding where people live.
👁
Idk about that bridge between Japan and Russia happening now... lol
North Korea is COMMUNIST!!!!!
I,am from Afghanistan
The fact is so sad for Africans that the truth that a number of the developed world relying on it for energy to run their economies while Africa remains in darkness as exampled by the satellite displays is so compelling.😕
That picture is so fake and photos shopped lol.
Aren’t the landmines banned? Then how are they allow to use landmines in DMZ? So is banned means nothing and everyone can still use them right?
My dad and I have taken the Siberian rail. When I was 6-7 we went there for a full month and a half.
SAVE LIVES ... GET VACCINATED !!!
Masks PROTECT YOU and people around you!
Thank you so much for uploading this video. It is helping me get through the pandemic!
in 40 years China has urbanized one Germany lol. GG!
Bruh, most the people without electricity don't have access to water or food consistently and is only going to get drastically worse.
historical yes, but destroying our ecosystems and biodiversity which is vital to all life on this planet. Lights are bad-   We must change this.   We must use different lights. WE MUST DO SOMETHING.   We have run out of time!!!!!!!!
Local to Alice Springs, Australia, discovered your channel two days ago, delighted to see my town pop up!
I live in Chile, at 4:00 aprox you can see without anything else  where the capital is and the center of each region and the central motorway that connects all the south, you also can see how the north of the country is disconnected from the rest of the continent because it is a harsher environment, with less people, so it needs less light in the roads because of less traffic  and the cities are further apart, there is also the fact they can be build in more places, so there is not that much accumulation of lights compared to the south, plus the fact they need a lot less because of more consistent times because the south reach the most southern places human settlements are while the north is near the central hemisphere (i know is south and north but i didn't knew how to call it)
This is astonishing!
U need to slow down talking’s
Wooo go perth lol
Living in Omaha, it is quite crazy to see how little is off west, but so much east of me
12:15 , that's ... not what we're seeing though? all light dim, everywhere.
Man, somebody must have been really bored to create this useless video.
20:14 And here I thought North Korea was communist, not fascist.
Good job West Coast! You're sucking the rest of the US dry.
It is the night light that reveal all
Light pollution. What are they trying to do? Illuminate the Moon? Total waste of energy clearly on show here.
Coming back here now, it makes me wonder how different Ukraine will look in the next Black Marble.
Will be interesting to see Ukraine in video
When I saw the Nile, I was satisfied.
Meters please! Don’t understand feet, yard, inch, miles or whatever you guys across the Atlantic use…
This video is amazing
my heart aches for syrian, iraqi, yemeni people
4:40 look how lightened up south korea is compared to the north lmao
This video doesn't seem to be on Nebula
West part of US is dark and east part is bright, interesting!!
I think the thumbnail explains the lights in the world. Maybe tbe right side has its lights on and the left side has barely any on bc it may not be that dark yet even though the sun isn’t facing America in this case
Must’ve watched 3/4 of all your in the last week! Live your channel!
Great video! An additional note, look at the large body of light going out in western China @14:15 That's Xinjiang, and the Uyghur most likely didn't move anywhere..
Good video, but Adelaide has 1.15 million people not 100,000
Who are here after abhi and niyu short
Back in 2005 I resumed international travel. For the next 9 years I regularly flew over India at night and I can attest to the increasing numbers of night lights. Cheers
👍💯👏❤
Great video but I was disappointed that there was no mention for Canada the 2nd largest country.
Absolutely nothing in India change in the two photos other then contrast.
Nice to see the american empire laying claim to a piece of Australia - itself a British colony.
Why are cities so bright at night? Aren't most lights closed at night as people sleep?
One of your photographers shows Japan not China I'm from Japan but I live in Arizona
You say whether funny 😹😹
Narendra Modi best prime minister of india
Modi is the real primer minister of india
Dear all the comments saying "North Korea is communist not fascist"  Fascism (/ˈfæʃɪzəm/) is a form of far-right, authoritarian ultranationalism characterized by dictatorial power, forcible suppression of opposition, and strong regimentation of society and the economy.  Does that not sound like North Korea???
20:15 North Korea "totalitarian fascist state" ? Are you freaking kidding us ?!!! 👎 Communist ! and Socialist ! *NOT* fascist !
20:10 Your video is good overall Mr. Lore, but North Korea is communist, not fascist.
I wish this video would have shown Antarctica. Im curious about the lights there at night
North Korea isn’t facist it’s communist
Me being in Aleppo and unable to watch the video about my city because there's no paying method to subscribe 😭
I hate to be the guy to nitpick, but i believe you slipped up and said "democratic regime" at 19:19, which is pretty funny to be perfectly honest
In China, people were first entinced and later forced out of their villages to work on farms for the new cities. Meanwhile, their old homes were bulldozed by the Chinese goverment after they left so the wouldn't come back.
Something tells me that the bridge from Russia to Japan isn't happening.
At 21:10, you can tell that there is a shift in his tone of voice. Possibly spent more than one day to record all of this. That’s what I call dedication.
The Nile delta at night is amazing
excellent content. success well deserved. much appreciated. keep up the good work!
The US courtesy of the CIA and their allies have caused the destruction in Yemen, Syria, Iraq...starving Yemen out with sanctions especially...
This is so amazing!
Adelaide has a population of over 1 million people, not 100,000.
4.6 billion?? Lmfao 🤣
Bro please dub your video in Hindi
Humans are bioluminescent
I suspect with the US if you could follow lights somehow back before spaceflight was possible, First they would follow the railroads and then some would go out and appear elsewhere as the interstate system reshaped things just as the rails did in ages before.
The difference between North and south Korea are insane!.
Interested to see how much of Ukraine’s lights go out after that conflict ends
Chemical weapons claims were disproven. There were no chemical weapons used in that conflict.
About to slide out to Antarctica
In Indonesia, like the whole Java island lits up. While Sumatra has scattered dot on it, and the Borneo is dark in the center. But oh I cant see barely dots on Papua.
"Death of one soldier is a tragedy. Death of a million is statistics" –a quote often attributed to Joseph Stalin. Pretty widely accepted thought, hence the best war stories tend scale their narratives down to a single person. Not this time. Seeing those lights of life being extinguished was poignant, personally painful to me. Great visualization, thank you for sharing it.
Love you me videos, however in the future for those Americans who don’t know km/mi can you start putting it the conversion in your videos or speak it?
You obviously had a lot of fun with this one
I mean I wouldn’t say Iceland is across the Atlantic from Afghanistan
The quality of your content is just mind-blowing, keep it up man!
This is more interesting then my  whole history class😩✋
Me walking into Congo at night with a flashlight: "LET THERE BE LIGHT!" The people of Congo: "GOD HAS DESCENDED UPON US!"
Another fun one to look at is North Dakota pre and post shale oil boom.  The lights aren't city lights, even though the spread is easily big and bright enough.  Almost all of the light is from oil wells flaring off natural gas.
Proud of our prime minister 🇮🇳🙏
aint no body gonna talk about the photo being cloudless everywhere
Superb videos!  Problem is, Curiosity Stream CURRENT members cannot see Nebula videos. Only NEW members can subscribe to both. WTF????
Whoa..
There are only two genders
I already hear the footsteps of flat earthers heading into the comment section...
Great perspective! Learned a lot.
Philippines light pattern explains how its present government dictates the development, it is mostly concentrated in Metro Manila where the central (unitary and very centric) form government is  located, causing mass migration (Manila is now the most densely-populated city in the world, with over 42,000 inhabitants per square kilometer. Metro Manila's population is estimated at 21.3 million, according to the Philippine Statistical Authority.) some reformist called it Imperial Manila as other regions are neglected, most other regions are not inhabited, just the lack of development and electrification.
No, it's because on one side it's 4 AM and on the other its 12 AM.
This is not one photo.  Clickbait.
Interesting video. I don’t agree with the implied negativity associated with a lack of electricity. Light pollution is definitely is a thing. Not to mention the deliberate choice by many villagers to stay true to their culture. On the other hand, the images are very pretty, lol. And it does show the growth of imperialism and man made marks on Mother Earth 😌.
What happened in Syria is happening right now in Ukraine.
Amazing how the narrative neglects the prevalence of grazing in the west to utilize more fully the potential of the land in the west.  Sod busting is overshadowed by the higher yield of grazing animals in that area.
Best Video On Youtube EVER
Your videos are very interesting sir , good job
thanks for saying patented and not invented @ 15:03
Genius
Youll should have done the different betrete the street lights in Berlin ,because of the Split through West and East through cold war
It's funny it looks like the same map from PlayStation 3 when you left it on to donate its computer memory
This was so fascinating. Thanks a mill.
Thanks for being frank about South and North Korea.
Having lived my life in the center (Louisiana, Texas, Oklahoma, Nebraska, Colorado and New Mexico), much of it in Dallas (96 degrees W long) I've been aware of the 100th meridian phenomenon for decades.  Outsiders don't often appreciate the vast difference between East Texas and West Texas (or Oklahoma). So different in many ways.
Contrary to what schools have taught for years, the American icon, Thomas Edison, neither invented the light bulb, nor held the first patent to the modern design of the light bulb. In reality, light bulbs used as electric lights existed 50 years prior to Thomas Edison's 1879 patent date in the U.S.
That's show Modiji keep his promise ❤ How beautiful India looks... It will be more beautiful in hands of Modiji ❤🇮🇳
Indus is our river our hindus river ..its the river bank where our ancient literature were written.. It's the place where our culture , cities, universities developed.... Now it's occupied by radicals who came from arab world
Putin: "You think this is bad? Hold my vodka..."
I'm sorry but this is obvious
Easier explanation of the thumbnail, a picture taken at 7 pm EST so the suns still up in the west coast.
Those mountains in Afganistan are so beautiful oh my god😳
All of my questions on WWII and the Pyramids of Egypt have been answered. Thank you!
Isn't Modi a literal fascist? Why are we singing his praises 🤔
No deep look at europe? :c
Just look at how hyper densly populated the Po valley in italy is :O No wo der corona brole out there
I’ve been watching you for 5 years and I must say, this is probably your best video ever.
You can thank the US for those lights going out in Syria and Yemen
I'm coming from Mr best
0:47 I've never heard of this at all
A lot of people think lighting represents progress.  But astronomy has become more difficult with each passing year as the increase in lights causes "skyglow" which obscures the sky.  During a blackout in NY a few years ago, people were perplexed by a band of light in the sky they had never seen.  It was our own Milky Way.  No, not the candy bar.  It's the galaxy we live in and we see the band of stars of our galaxy edge on as we look outward.  The solution to the "skyglow" problem is as simple as putting hoods or cuffs over lighting so it doesn't shine upwards.  After all, why should it?  If the goal lighting is to reduce crime and increase security or safety, why aim it upwards?  Do muggers and rapists come in by parachute or hang glider?  Or perhaps people fear alien invasion from space.  (Need to be able to spot those in-bound Galactic Battle Cruisers!)
Thanks for the super cool video!  I could be wrong but I thought the reason for the divide in the United States was due to hot water (that turns to rain more readily) on the east coast and cold water on the west coast.  Green on the west edge due to meeting a desert.
700 million is 10% of 7 billion, there is always a 10% somewhere.  Efforts can correct that some, but at a certain point people just have to take care of themselves, especially when you get down to the 5% and other lower single digits.
6:10 that's where I live
Beautiful & fascinating yet Greatly Covered also Well produced.
Wait so people complain about the US wasting energy and India literally lights up an entire border with flood lights? Okay 👌 lmao
cos thers a foken mounten
I can name almost every city west of the mississippi.
Michael Scott was right
all train lines are built on a datum line without hardly any deviation from LEVEL , which destroys the argument the the earth is a globe , so your lying to your viewers that the earth is a globe , thats a begging the question fallacy
all train lines are built on a datum line without hardly any deviation from LEVEL , which destroys the argument the the earth is a globe , so your lying to your viewers that the earth is a globe , thats a begging the question fallacy
“The border between India and Pakistan is the easiest man-made object seen from space”   — A 26 minute video about objects seen from space
Every time I hear this voice, I have to think of the salesman Stan from Monkey Island xD
And now russia making Ukraine dark so sad :(
But what does it tell is about the huns, they were a big part of our planets history
Please also say the amount of meters, not just feet
Great video, thanks for posting!!
if this doesent attact aliens, then what will
I live near Melbourne, south east of Adelaide
Jesus Christ is the light of the world
Wow the CIA/NSA base was interesting....never knew
The North Koreans are not fascist and are very upset you called them that. It's called ✨communism ✨
Wow... Argentina looks so organized at night.
Don’t think Japan will make that bridge to Russia anymore..
Sub-Saharan africa is complex. For instance South Africa increased access to electricity from 70% to 85% from 2000 to 2016... Interestingly South Africa exports electricity to   Mozambique, Botswana, Namibia, Zimbabwe, Zambia, Lesotho and Swaziland...despite South Africa having electricity issues itself.
Adelaide has 1.8m people
Up next the comparison of Ukraine and russia at night.
Russia caused that in Syria. Al assad dictating and the people fighting back rightly for him to just slaughter them. Russia giving assad weapons makes me sick and I wish someone gave the rebels help as Ukraine getting help now.
Wonder how London got built up so much more than any other uk city. They stole all of scotlands North Sea oil when Margaret thatcher dictated us. Until we got our own form of independence with devolution. Now we are going independent but the money Westminster stole from all over the UK just to concentrate it on that 1 corner of the uk will never be forgotten. 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿🍀🇪🇺 we voted to be in the eu and got dragged out of it by England.
26mins to explain a photo? YT is not for you
Hes talkin bout russia like they didnt just invade ukrain
This channel is one of the best on youtube and more people should be watching it.
I would love to see your video about Aleppo but in syria it's blocked.
In syria we have 4 hours  of electricity a day ..it is really sad to see my country fade Into darkness both literally and metaphorically.
If we become space faring civilization it would be awesome to see other worlds in night time
There is literally 10sec of video about Europe. Im not pleased by this
You are magnificent.
The sad result: mostpeople have never seen a true night sky.
Nile is so astonishing.
North Korea is a fascist state? It's been nice watching your videos, but goodbye
Ahhhh, not so hard to understand 😠
The population of Adelaide is not 100K, it has over 1Million people. Just a bit out there on that fact.
Ayyyy I live in Perth
Soon  no one will be able to see the Milky Way!  Light Pollution are expanding everyday!
While water has always been a highly contested resource, don't forget that California is the most agriculturally productive state in the union despite being in the "less efficient" west. There's more to California than just LA 🙄 - a northern California native  Misquote
Photo from space eh? That's called fraud you know.
I appreciate him saying "Lagos" how most Nigerians actual say it
Well they have to big thousands of different pictures put together it’s not like we can take a picture from space  -NASA
You can look as those north Korean soldiers and tell they do not want to be there.
how do you always get sponser's
It’s a graphic that shows the voter choice in Amerika. Thinking America is living in the more illuminate parts. In republican states lights are out. Think about that again. And no, it’s not the environment. It’s stupidity . Less light, less knowledge. Plain and simple…
3:49 *DUN DUN DUNNNNN*
Proud to be from brightest country of world i.e India 💝
There are no light at night in the middle of the boonies. WTF?
The answer to this question should be obvious.
Please use the correct map of India🇮🇳
I so wish you'd mention my hometown Bangkok, the brightest single spot in it's region. Would love to hear from you why so😄
and you call this a "photo" of the earth from space? it's all CGI and nothing else bro :D
It is light pollution and scientist call it that.  Go to the  International Dark Skies Parks website and the science is there.
We can do something about light pollution.  We just need the will.  I haven seen the Milky Way since my younger years in the farming area of WNY.   Humans, animals and plants all need dark and light cycles.  Check out the International Sky Parks and environmental groups.
A request to nasa or isro or any other space oraganisation of the world  please post photos of diwali of India
I wouldn’t hold my breath on Japan joining the Russian railway network. The southern half of Sakhalin is disputed territory between Russia and Japan. As are the Northern Territory (the three islands and an island chain on the south end of what Russia considers the Kuril islands but Japan doesn’t)
Nice video! Worth the watch, but really North Korea a facist state?
20:10 *North Korea is Communist, not Facist. It's very disingenuous and politically correct of you to suggest otherwise.*
Oooo. This Video might be showing it's date as Putin trying to start WW3 as China is waiting and watching getting ready for it's move and Trump Supporters Cheer it on.
Indian in 2222 "This is a story of 200 years old when our civilization shone like a constellation."  Korean in 2222 "This is a story about a time when our country were first emerged from nothingness with yin and yang separated."
Can someone please tell me what the first song in this video is?
Let’s take the moment to appreciate how much effort RealLifeLore puts into his content for us. Great job
What if we nuke the Rocky Mountains get them shorter will the west get more water. I’m on the east so we got plenty.
Bihar looks really bright
I agree whole heatedly but the smog from some of these countries could be blocking out the clear view of satellites
My small home town (~10 000 people) in Lithuania shuts any street/public lights off after midnight till some point in the morning. Its pitch black late at night.
Yea, the map will change today (RIP Ukraine)
As a matter of fact the 100th Meridian has nothing to do with history but with geography.
@reallifelore - you need to reduce the treble on your mic input - it is often to sharp and grating, especially when you do you slowed down spacing out of words for "impact".
It looks like there's  a lot going on in Western Europe, but all of that light is actually just from the greenhouses in Lisse.
I'd still like to see a real actual image though from that distance.. instead of cgi?  I mean it's cool and all.. but I'm really starting to miss real life imagery!
If you have to buy curiosity stream in order to access nebula, THEN NEBULA ISN'T FREE! Let's be clear. I suggest you put your specialized content on rumble or bit chute.
After the war between Russia and Ukrain ends the map will look different 😥😭
I like the revisionist ideology behind this. Fascist North Korea.  Lol. Wishful non thinking
fascinating video, thank you.
2:23 no, you are completely wrong in your assumption.  All you can say for certainty is that the only people who are emitting light sources visible from space are living where the lights are.  Do you really think a couple of candles inside a small hut with no windows is going to show up on satellite imaging?
As earthbos is flat it can not be 1 picture.
When naming cities off in Texas near the 180° of Meridia you said San Antonio, Austin, and Fort Worth!!? The first 2 are right but the third should have been Dallas. Fort Worth is the retarded (medical term) sister city of Dallas. 😁 Dallas always comes first when talking about the metroplex. Get it right, buddy.            I'm joking, don't get into your feelings please. 😁✌
so.... there is a direct correlation between man made lights and dick size.....
My guy is seriously going to ignore the cloud of lights in the ocean between japan and south korea? And then describe south korea as an island surrounded by darkness, IT CLEARLY ISN'T WHAT ARE THOSE?? Fishing boats? millions of tiny oil rigs? Scuba diver raves? Have they developed to the point of teaching fish how to use electricity? Please i need to know.
So absolutely gorgeous! Bold claim but I doubt theres another planet as beautiful as earth in the entire universe.
Thumbs up for this man's near perfect articulation.
trust me, theyre Not invisible to U.S. satellites...  there arent many things that are
The arrow on the thumbnail is pointed right where I live 👀👀👀 spooky
Although the video states that Alepo was destroyed by the same Syrians, the fact is that the city and the whole country was bombed by USA for years, killing millions of people. I think this video's goal is political rather than historical. Shame.
Great video, annoying title.
Cuz this fake and not from space ppl believe anything they see on the internet
Thanks a bunch!
See this little light right here?   That's there because you left all the lights on again, and now my electric bill is so big you can see it from space.   - my dad probably
Reminds me of black ops 2 lol
I'm Syrian, and still living there unfortunately. Many areas were destroyed sure, but the drastic reduction in light at night is also because of "rationing" electricity, or whatever you call reducing its consumption in order to save it or due to shortage. Right now in 2022, we get 30min to an hour of electricity, followed by 5.5h to 5h of no power. Some other areas have it better, 2h on 4h off; and some never go dark.
interesting how how south africa is the only country in sub-saharan africa with proper lights. Africa will remain dark forever
funffact: If you look on a lights map of berlin you can see the western part glowing in white and the eastern part glowing in yello. This is because the technological less advanced sowjet union controlled the eastern parts and most houses still uses light bulbs while the western part mostly uses energy saving lamps.
Sorry Ad but ur wrong Vietnam 🇻🇳 is the country that has most death and damage from the war so this guy can’t even make a clip with all the info is there sad
Such an amazing video, wow...
This is all lies
Modi ❤️
"Created by researchers at NASA" in other words the map, the info, this vid, and it’s creator are highly uneducated
Am I tripping because that not history that how much power the country
And stiil its not enough space for double of the population? Soo much space unused.
Why is Africa so dark?
Any site YouTube bans has got to be of great value and truth.
Guys History classes no more
I was always so fascinated by the "Earth at Night" poster in my 12th grade physics classroom. I loved looking at all the lights and seeing just where people populated the earth.  This video shows both the dark and the light (no pun intended) parts of our history. Watching the lights grow in some areas while also watching some go out. It's very powerful.  Thank you for sharing.
Hey it's the land back map of the United States cool. Enjoy the dark parts while you can.....
Because people cam here , landing on the east coast. Tracked west. Some settled on the west coast. Not much to want in the Midwest hence why not many live there. Some came from the west and settled on the coast because moving east was clearly not beneficial. Mojave desert and Death Valley being why. And now it doesn’t matter. That’s really the base of it.
20:02Why so many Korea living in water😂
ALL of world history but it’s just geography
Because no one whats to live in the middle of the FUCKING DESERT!!!  Now how does that explain History?
3 hour time diff?
7:54 Oh, it's not the Mississippi, then?
The expanding electricity coverage in India had nothing to do with Modi. In fact when he came to power India was almost completely electrilalised. Modi just did a few remote hills that were remaining.
I didn't watch the vid, but I can tell you why it's dark on one side and light on the other of the US map. Nobody to speak of lives where it's dark.
oh my days. How did u make this, i swear to god it took you 1 month, i really appreciate how much time and effort you took to script this, rly educational!
So, are we just going to ignore Puerto Rico? That very noticeable dot in the Caribbean???
Thanks for an out-of-box thinking video look at the world..thanks 👍👌🤗😀😱
Kinda sad that ASEAN was not featured. Our population is almost 1/4 of the entire world  Edit: great video btw
Nasa is garbage garbage from the devil people nothing but lies lies lies yahuah doesn’t love esau people red people
It's awesome to view but this is dangerous knowledge is you really think about it.
There would be more lights than other places at night....if you notice in the daytime pictures everywhere it's green is the majority of the population where people live on the planet.. these are the same places that light up at night Duh 🙄
why Indonesia is not discussed?
I m subscribed to CuriosityStream but the search engine is crap and I can’t find your videos
Thant line of cities from San Antonio north is I35.
I love the thumbnail. "Dark" (pointing to Las Vegas) lol!
Need to stop giving a good rep to china with all there human right violations
North Korea isn’t a “Fascist state” it’s entirely controlled with socialism by a socialist leader.
"Photo From Space Explains ALL of History" How true, the west have never been a source of bright lights.
I prefer the dark area. It’s beautiful, quiet, and sparsely populated.
Saw some more nasa satellite videos that showed fires at night. Most of those dark areas aren't really that dark
That would be  because most of that land was seized by government under the Antiquities Act of 1906. like it takes 14 million acres to protect a historic site the size of a shopping mall.....
From space? The violation of the second law of thermodynamics? Yeah right.
Good work 🌃
I listened to 5 minutes of rubbish that you could have guessed at without the video or horrid voiceover - AVOID
the part about maps not changing does not hold true from today
ehhhhhh, change
He just REFUSES to call North Korea communist and South Korea capitalist.
The destruction of Aleppo is such a poignant reminder of the destructive forces of obscurantism (literally) fighting to keep millions in darkness. It reveals the true nature of what is deceitfully and misleadingly called by the forces of darkness the religion of peace.
In 2001 I worked at Goddard Spaceflight Center and saw this map.
10:28 India had those hordes of floodlights installed because they didnt want creepers, zombies, spiders, and skeletons to spawn
i feel like the map is going to be changing again very soon
That's funny! Because it's all CGI!😆
festinating, that you tube would jeopardize our lives by not allowing freedom of speech
Africa embraced socialism, we see that it does not work.
Facing wars and genocides countries like Germany, Japan, China in decades solved issues and become rich. African culture does not allow the same, no wonder no great civilization ever come out of sub Saharan region. Sad.
The sensor was not originally designed specifically to see human lights at night. It was designed to observe the aurora borealis and to predict related geomagnetic field effects on early warning radars and military satellites.
notice how north korea is completely black on the map. thats a real good summary of the country right there.
What he said about American farming is very untrue, western farming is an amazing source especially from California being if it was its own country, it would be top 5 in ag production in the world
Well it's quite obvious why most people in China went from the fields to the cities, considering nowadays factories are probably who employ most of the Chinese population
why does everyone forget about Canada ... the second largest country ON THE PLANET ...
Youtube shorts is shit. Propaganda hate shit. It's shit. Just shit. YouTube became a facebook/Tweeter kind of shit. A big dump of shit.
"created by researchers at nasa".. dude its a fake pic. lol
Typical american comment with ONLY feets!!He!America,the vast majority off people use METERS!!!!!So come out off your old antiquited dreams and use METERS in a video on Youtube!!!!!
🤔 Egypt looks like a sperm at night 🙄
Thank you that was a very informative video.
its sad to see the impacts western imperialists and zionist saboteurs have had on syria. those people didn't deserve that, they were some of the most moderate progressive people in the region and we destroyed them to further israels ambitions
I cant get over how much this guy sounds like Mike Judge. Not specifically Butthead but watch one of his "tales from the tourbus" videos and listen to him narrate lol
Lol. North Korea isn't fascist. Far from it. Read a book dude.
My favorite is Egypt, the lights follow Nile perfectly
"Betray the presence" lol
India installed flood lights on Pakistan border due to infiltration, cross-border Terrorism, trafficking of Narco & Weapon from Pakistan.        On Bangladesh border India did so to stop Bangladesh to India infiltration of general civilian people & smuggling of cattle from India to Bangladesh. But Bangladesh fencing is not full.
The greatest upside of sub-saharan Africa not being as brightly lit as other places, is that wherever you are in Africa, if you look into the sky, you can see stars all across it. If you're in a rural area, you can see ALL the stars at night. As a Kenyan, that makes me incredibly proud. Add to that the fact that most of our energy is from geothermal and hydroelectric sources, (+ some wind, and some solar in rural areas) and I'm not so mad about our electrical proliferation being slower than other countries. 🤷🏾‍♀️
Wow just because a video won’t get monetised doesn’t mean you shouldn’t make it. You make enough money of other videos so make a free one once in a while that you make nothing from if it’s a story that needs to be told.  Any video on you tube can still be searched and located even with the algorithms.
The Korean War never ended. A cease fire isn't a peace treaty.
The epic battle…  Curiosity Stream vs Skill Share
Ive always thought this when i would see the picture of America at nite
west korea
It actually tells use nothing about our history
War is opposite of light
Australia is scary idk why anyone would want to live there
american troops also participated in devastating Syria, not only russian
The music, the visuals and the info.. This vid is a dime piece.
Absolutely GREAT THANK YOU!
If that doesn't tell you the truth about how north and south Korea treat their people...
In North Korea's defense, the lack of night-round street lamps is the opposite of inefficient.
Nebula doesn't work for me. Videos are glitchy, or don't play at all. So I am forced to stay on youtube.
That’s why YouTube sucks. Always see the same crap. They suppress a lot. Basically censorship 👎 Great video!
It'd be fascinating to do a digital reconstruction of these changes running for thousands of years back into the past.
Meh. Not really one photo is it? Nor all of history. Why lie?
You all do know it doesn't look like that from space right.... Must have been a totally clear day for the entire continent right🙄.  And fuck your "composite collage" bs argument 😆
He changed the thumbnail to North Korea And South Korea to America. Lmao.
North Korea is more communist than anything. Not just fascist. Communism is terrible and should be called so at each opportunity
Globalization has caused the standard of living to drop for the average American by uplifting artificially uplifting the third world India in particular China it has caused the standard of living to drop for the average American the Democrats are responsible for this
Liberals deliberately destroyed America's manufacturing capability to uplift the third world on a cliff China and it has caused the standard of living to drop for the average American it was not worth it
China is the new evil empire China is the greatest threat to Western civilization not Russia and it's our own fault we should have treated China just like we treated to Soviet Union we should have isolated them economically and did everything we could to keep them from the world market
The difference in the way the West treated Soviet Union and the way they treated China after the fall of the Soviet Union we could have done the same thing to China excluded them from the world markets but we didn't we invited The Men we did everything to help them join the world market and has come back to bite us in a major way they have stolen all of our technology and they are still communist evil empire
We should have treated China like we did the Soviet Union we should have never allowed them to join the world trade organization we should have never allowed them to trade we should have never allowed American and European business to open in China because they have stole our technology and the government did not soften the government has become more evil over time
I TRIED TO LIKE AND I CLICKED DISLIKE FIRST ON ACCIDENT PLEASE DON’T HUNT ME DOWN RLL
That’s the first a politician delivered on their promise everyone gets electricity.
wtf drill music as background music?? rll is inspirational
How 1 photoshop can fool all globalists in history
I could never understand why anybody would find a city beautiful it is absolutely the armpit of anywhere on earth. dirt ,debris, garbage, smog, light pollution. There is nothing like being hundreds and hundreds of miles away from a city, in a country side, looking up at the stars. I could never wake up and look out my window to see concrete and metal beams and pipes and think "wow this is beautiful" and even more so in cities like Beijing where you look out your window and you don't see anything through the smoke and fog. Whenever I see pictures or video of people walking around in a city where visibility is 20 feet I can't help to think "wow how stupid can you be". I think this must be why we have not seen any intelligent lifeforms from anywhere else in the universe. They took one look at those people and now we are there Comedy Central channel
Remember If Voting Counted , They Would Outlaw It !  Peace /;-)) I Hope  Folks Run For Any Office Start Small ,  School Board , City Council !  Anything ...  Make The Change U Want To See ! Remember Keep Your Plans To Yourself .. Or They Will Find A Way To Get Rid Of You !
“The arbitrary lines made by humans” …man, if I could see the future I would probably say that this is the truest line ever stated. Great video.
So, if the middle east has some if not the most crude oil yet very arid, it begs to question who and what use to inhabit the middle east to have such oil fields?
FLT RTH
I love the fact that the most impressive piece of Russian infrastructure, wasn’t built by the communists.
25:25 trainwreck?
21:35 wtf... this is so sad..poor people
Absolute  Fakery. ESA imaging that no one else will touch.
I saw my hometown, Denver!
I guess I better start learning kilometers 🤔
@20 mins onwards the propaganda starts. Thumbs up for the rest of the video.
This person is stating "facts " without any back up. What is the opinion on this: "Conmunist" "Totalitarian"
Im sorry but did you say that Adelaide's population was 100,000? Lol what!?!?! It's more closer to 1,300,000
Good map for aliens to attack us with.
Why are there lights ON the Nile river??
What are those tiny dots of light to the east of South Korea? Those surely aren't oil rigs, because South Korea doesn't have much natural resources. Are those fishing vessels? If so, how come there are so many?
One correction.  At 20:15  he refers to North Korea as an "inefficient totalitarian fascist state".  It's actually an inefficient totalitarian communist state.
i am happy that you make content like this.  but i am over joyed you can produce said content without a personal political easter egg.   thank you for good content and keeping nebula neutral from political crap lol.
Just signed up but Nebula was not included. Had CS before but hardly watched it. Signed up for Nebula promotion. Please correct in adherence to your promotion. ??
Skyline pictures would be cool
You speak of N Korea with such disgust in your voice we can fear your spittle hitting the microphone. You call it totalitarian and fascist. These are just words your masters have spoonfed you. If anything the darkness in N Korea shows what a fascist Western World we have that they would blockade and sanction a country into oblivion just for having a different form of government. You are buying into the propaganda drilled into your scull by state propaganda outlets like CNN and Fox News. You are a product of brainwashing just like you accuse them of being. Funny how your opinions line up perfectly with CIA imperialist talking points. I just bet your list of bad nations is identical to the Cia's list of bad nations. Funny how you are in lockstep agreement with them. Almost like you live in a dictatorship. None so enslaved as those who think they are free.
Anyone notice how North Korea was referred to as authoritarian and fascist, but no mention of the economic system actually used by North Korea. A failed communist economic system that is highlighted perfectly when juxtaposed with South Korea at night.
Nevada is the 7th largest state in land. Besides the Las Vegas and Reno areas,  the are not many people. The 7 hour drive from Vegas to Reno is empty. There is the small town of Tonopah and a few strange gas stations.
Here's why the universe is consistent with a 6000 year ago creation: The real problem with the Big Bang is:  The origin of matter!  Mass of universe = 1e80 protons = 1.67e53 Kg  Escape velocity = v = √(2GM/r) therefore r = 2GM/v2  Substitute M = 1.67e53 and v = 3e8 m/sec (speed of light)   Hence The MINIMUM diameter of the universe below which it will collapse into a black hole is 52.5 billion light years  Hence the matter in the universe could not be created in the early hot stage when the universe was small!  This is supported by the first law of thermodynamics observed during particle pair production of electrons and positrons at CERN. The antimatter particles are exactly equal in mass and number to the matter particles and the result is no net residual of matter left over. Running the universe back in time is not the same for energy and matter as assumed in all these models! Think of a candle burning (like star we see today) the ENERGY goes back to a very small point BUT the MATTER does not! The candle gets bigger until it reaches a maximum mass and then STOPS! Stars must by the second law do the same they can only go back to the point of maximum hydrogen and that is their minimum entropy state!   That means the real Big Bang was first an expansion of space and energy with no mass to very nearly the size we observe today then the creation of stars in their lowest entropy state or maximum hydrogen fuel state. Which actually matches what the bible says God did in the opening chapter of Genesis!    Day 1 God said "let there be light" expansion of space and photon energy giving us the very smooth CMBR   Day 4 God said "he made the stars also" after the expansion by collapsing the wave energy into atoms of hydrogen.    We know from Young's double slit experiment that a MIND can collapse a wave to produce a particle and the particle's history is written retrospectively back from the moment of measurement.   This solves the starlight time problem if that event took place about 6000 years ago on day 4 of the creation after God had stretched forth the heavens and filled it with wave energy. It means the history of the stars we observe is real and does go back billions of years calculated by the distance but it could all have occurred 6000 years ago.    It also answers why Adam could see the stars on the sixth day. With the discovery of gravity waves we also know space is elastic and this could explain the apparent acceleration if space expanded like a spring and has not yet reached its natural size.
Someone actually lives in the middle of Australia?
all of human history*
Nice Cartoons
How da hell they seeing lights on over the world at night when someone places its day time n some night
"sleepy town of 300,000 people".... while watching this in a town fairly average for the area boasting under 500 people.
Great content, thank you!
Breaking news: all photos from "space" are fake, computer generated images, so trust nothing about them. (This information can be easily verified by the "space" websites themselves who put out the fake photos.)
Thank the US for funding the proxy civil wars.
I love how this video displays mankind's dependence on technology, and glorifies it. I don't think there hasn't been a period of time such as this one where Mankind yearned for man made technology's like electricity, natural gas, and light just to survive, when mother nature can provide all of that.
CGI NOT REAL PHOTO!
05:00 Incorrect depiction of Crimea as part of Russia.
WOW! Fascinating! Thank you for the education.
I love bulbs. Ppl use bulbs not cattle.
"Pictures from space" 😂😂😂😂 Sorry, not real.
Amazing work guys! This is eye-opening to say the least!
The Korean Peninsula is great, it's like a side by side comparison of the same group of people given two opposing ideologies.
It’s beyond heartbreaking what happened in Syria. But it’s also sad how you can’t even post vids about it anymore. The power that social media wields with our basic rights is scary.
How am I just finding this channel?
You can really hear the vitriol in his voice when discussing N. Korea :-O
This map is not correct. The lights in Western Australia aren't population centres at all. They are bush fires that are burning caused by lightning strikes or due to tinder dry conditions. Between Perth and Port hedland there are very few towns.
Checkout Berlin at night. U can see the east west division. Because they used a different type of light bulb.
Its like cancer spread so fast..safe mother earth
Shame you had to lie and call North Korea a fascist dictatorship instead of COMMUNIST like it really is.  I guess that doesn''t fit the narrative.
Thanks for global warming India
2016 India got electricity, also the same year I started getting scam calls
I appreciate all of your hardworking. Very interesting stuff
Lights, what an enormous waste of energy.  Turn off the lights and we as a planet will not need nukes, and will not warm up the planet.
This was a very insightful video. Loved it. Thank you.
Is curiosity stream your neighbour or something every one of wendover productions, half as interesting and your videos are always sponsered by them!
Hello my dear friends, I travel to different parts of the world and take photos and on my page you can see my travel videos and different cultures and seasons.💕💕💞💞💚💚
I had a friend from Shenzhen in college, legit never realized how large of a city it was due to the language barrier, wow!
how about a video in your "Modern Conflict series" on the United States ' January 6th insurrection and its origins ?
Why did you call North Korea “fascist”??? It’s communists.
My first reaction was the number of people in the east is more than in the dark area. Then I remembered the government owns the west or most of it. Hillary ran off the mineral people for Russia. Made a lot of unhanded money over it. Even so, the government keeps people at bey from living in many areas. To be somewhat fair, the desert is underdeveloped, and to live there, you need water.
Is there any hope for Africa?
Cool video
7:20, Has anyone ever actually drove across Australia from a line staying in the middle of the country from East to West?
Thanks!
Look at it this way Africa, When Aliens attack they are going to the brightest cities so your years of struggle will become years of peace!👍
Why did he refuse to say the word "communist" when talking about Korea? North Korea is the only truly communist country today, and that is the real reason it's so dark at night.  As the old joke goes: "What did communists use for lighting before candles? Electricity."
Just gonna guess mountains
poor animals having to put up with light when dark is good , healthy , peaceful...same with our noise, chemical, radioactive, dna and other pollution. what a stupid, ugly boring animal we are growing ourselves to be This is such a short sighted, pro modern doco..interesting, but needs to consider the wealth of wisdom in all that darkness.
good to live without a car away from cities, after growing up in the suburbs of Australia. We are diseased and ruining the planet, especially for other flora and fauna. Sick modern humanity... electricity and oil are  not necessary. Having carefully considered human children or no children is imperative.
loll he just exposed good thing about modi govt of india, everyone here is just criticizing him.
They are more lenient on giving folks jobs than here on the westside where people are gangstalked  for being poor and, or homeless.
Alice Springs doesn’t exist because of Pine Gap. It’s the other way around. Alice was a handy location because were already facilities present nearby.
What about Crimea?
Nikola Tesla would be the richest man on planet earth
Thanks for teaching me about Aleppo. Wish I could pay for nebula with sweatcoin.
Arbitrary lines? Ask Ukraine how arbitrary their lines are now.
Our relm is flat and not a sphere.
North Korea is communist not fascist
Fake... Nasa
Because the East Coast is extremely populated?
"Less food, FEWER people"
Australian west coast gang
Explains all history? I see no mention of the samurai victory against ghengis khan.forgive me for any wrong spelling of his first name here.
very interesting video but at the end no cash no smiles for not monetize the video about the Syrian conflict so everything is about money including greed that creates wars and hatred in humanity, shameful video at the end.
I am pleased that you say the light bulb was patented (in America) by Edison; most of your countrymen think he invented it. I think it is a bit cheeky to put Edison into the video, in this manner. Your idea on the development of Alice Springs might cause some consternation in Australia, too. Other than that, this was a really interesting vid.
This is one of your best videos yet! I’m signing up for curiosity stream.  It is important to support independent voices - now more than ever.
I do not believe for a second that a perfectly rectangular, perfectly cloudless, perfectly nighttime image is "one photo from space". That just makes no sense.
Great video. North South Korea shows difference between communism and capitalism. If fasicm is on the right then North Korea is not fascist.. Unless there's left wing fascism?
How many watchin' this use the fuckin' metric system? Yeah...you're welcome, voice-over.
It looks like a bacterial culture in a Petri dish
You didn't even bother to provide the metric conversions?
Wish you focused more on Africa
Great video, masterfully done, thank you. Just a little nit-picking though, @0:46: "South Soo-Tan"? What's that? ;-)  North Korea? Crazy example of an enslaved isolated darkened deprived brainwashed country. Screw you Kim Jong Blah.  Middle East: Yemen, Iraq, Syria, wow that's just bleak. Religion (and male-dominated egoism) taken way too far can be cancerous.  Aleppo is a heart-breaking extreme example of brutality and corruption resulting in mass-scale human suffering. Why can't we all just get along?  And on a similar note - Putin? Don't invade Ukraine, Okay? Peace brother... !
1 part is fertile and the other is arid  , where would you live ??
There's a big 'ol bright spot in North Dakota where no large cities are and it is all oil rig fires burning waste oil. That would be a fun video to make.
So I didn't watch the video but I would imagine the reason the light area is light is because of all the lights and the dark area is dark because there aren't as many lights and I think I'm like just savor this mystery
1:17 why does it look like the halo 3 matchmaking screen?
Life without electricity is simple and free.  Electricity is a financial burden that needs to be offset in order to be viable and reasonable.
Megapolis from space
Our cities are like infected sores on the earth and we humans are the filthy germs.
Very cool analysis.
the world is certainly not illuminated by Thomas Edison, not by a country mile. In fact Edison Electric was a collosal failure. Why? Because Edison only knew DC voltage, direct current, and DC is extremely inefficient to move from one place to another. EL was setup in New York, and needed a new power producing station every 1 mile. So who is responsible for the lights you now see?....Nicola Tesla...the inventor who is responsible for about 80% of all technology today. He invented the AC system, which won out as the system of choice for the power station at Niagra Falls, a power station that was designed by Tesla. Not to mention his invention of Radio, Remote Control, Lasers, XRays, a total of  112 patents in the USA, not to mention another 70 or so in other countries.
Dallas is where the east ends, Fort Worth is where the west begins.
It’s a desert
Fascinating and sad.  Year after year, astronomers have been asking everyone in the world to stop broadcasting light upward, into the heavens.  Light pollution prevents telescopes from being able to see the sky as so much light is being bounced off clouds and other particles in the atmosphere. And now, cities are competing to see who can light up their bridges the brightest, with LED lights blasting upward onto the structures above the bridge spans.  Why are none of the Dark Sky regulations being heeded, and why do so few metropolises even have them? I'm enjoying my Nebula/Curiosity Stream subscription, BTW.  Thanks for the referral.
Australia sucks dude , It's people were placed there (nvm the natives, unfortunately) because the land was inhospitable to use as a country. So it was a prison colony and never has stopped being just that. A people who love to be ruled. Aren't they still locked down right now lol 😆
Correction. Your statement about farms in the west being less productive is not accurate. In California alone, one county produces the majority of the nations fruit, vegetables, and meat.
I knew that was happening without looking at your video s I felt it by trembling under ground and the way economy markets behave and how weapons are made from demands from kings and queens of Antichrist acts
Modi ji is a rocks!!
NK isn't fascist; they are communist.  That's the other side of the political spectrum.
Amused.  I find it funny that everyone refers to “China’s Economic Zones” as “Economic Zones.”  Can we be honest and just simply say that China’s wealth all comes from economic zones that allow for Laissez-Faire Capitalism with minimal Government intervention?  No?  We gotta keep within the rules and ignore the greatest economic policy ever conceived (not to mention YouTube policies that deter people from talking about it)?  Yeah.  That’s what I thought. Fair.  We don’t actually have true Laissez-Faire Capitalism in the United States anymore thanks in large parts to the IRS, so I don’t entirely blame people who don’t understand the significant differences between it and the Cronie Capitalism we have, but it’s incredibly stupid to thing that Socialism or Communism would be a better system.
Such a good video.
Yeah you can't talk truth about Syria. YouTubeee don't like you talking bad about  their friends
Because big rock there
🆗️
Afghanistan: There are mountains, we cannot build anything here.. Switzerland: Hold my Toblerone.
I am looking into the earth being flat, backed up by the scriptures on genesis 1. It's all starting to make sense now.
RLL: *uploads a new video* Me: Quiet! It's starting!
5:58 Welcome to Alice Springs, made known internationally by the Priscilla Queen of the Desert movie! 👠
Thank you (Randy Marsh).
This video is very enjoyable watching and listening at 50% speed!!!!
Wow Awesome video thank you for work
You say youtube would demonitize a video about Aleppo. Why? Does youtube forbid showing/discussing war? Or the truth?
I wonder if he got a new microphone (its worse than the old, if so) or covid
No.. I’m pretty sure that’s the Halo 3 logged on map.
20:14 I believe the word you were looking for was Communist
Man really said "Europe? Never heard of it"
I live in that dark spot in northern Nevada eastern California boder its desolate let's keep it that way 😉
If you were the only person on earth, with no modern tech, what location would be most habitable? Both in the US and the world?
The Earth is Flat and Motionless.  Enjoy dribbling and drooling over computer generated images and hoaxed moon landings while munching on crayons and licking windows fools.
Sorry, but "modern" and "Pakistan" in the same sentence?  Does  not  compute
They are coloured people so they carnt build light related tech
This is what would happen in Ukraine is Russia invades.
No lights = Poor.
@RealLifeLore you showed on the map with lights on the night on India, It is clear to me that  many parts of Odisha is in darkness
Check your facts on AU. Adelaide has population of 1.3 million not 100,000
Syria it is thanks to USA 🤑🤑🤑🤑
There is a lot of misinformation on historical events, the most egregious is the Syria story which completely omits the American intervention and funding of rebels who are the only ones confirmed to use chemical weapons. LMAO promoting a "hollywood actor" just like the propaganda white helmet videos and photo ops. Take 5 minutes and you can find out about all these lies through uncensored search engines like duck duck go and the onion browser. But sheep on people!
We look like bacteria, under a black light. At night
When he says highway in Afghanistan he means a 2 way road with one lane each way and no painted line to divide it
That is not a photo from space. It's without a doubt cgi
North Korea fascist?
North Korea is Communist
"Your from a foreign country and cant see my videos? WELL WE GOT A PLAN FOR YOU. Move to the USA and apply for a Visa card and watch my private videos on Nebula!!!"
Imagine being the guy ontop of a house ready to film a barrel bomb. Lol
19:17 Regime and Democratic are antithetical, no?
Great video
I notice, he saidThomas Edison patented the light bulb,not invented.
He said Fort Worth!!  He should have said Dallas-Fort Worth.  The world knows DALLAS
The *DRILL BEAT* at the end in the Background 🔥😭
Thank you
11:35 can't wait for the comments bashing India for being Islamophobic christianophobic or something
Neo actually had a similar video
This perfectly visualises how physically isolated we are from the rest of the world here in Perth. It's so easy to forget that sometimes with 2.5 million of us crammed into our city. It also shows why I can't see the stars very well at night, despite being so far away from the rest of the world!
Slight correction - The Neft Dashlary oilfield off Azerbaijan was developed in 1951.  The Breton Rig 20 was in use off Louisiana in 1949.
Thank you.
Adelaide Australia has a population over 1 million, not 1hundred thousand
Thank you SO VERY MUCH FOR YOUR KNOWLEDGE. So. Important 😀😁😁⚖️💡😀👍👍👍👍💛💛💛💛💛💖💖
Hold on there a moment Mate, that tiny dot in the centre of Australia that you claimed was the U.S Base is actually the township of Alice Springs. There are many many Mining Towns dotted around inland Aus that produce way more light than that tiny Base. Such a very American story.
15:00 "Eversince the year 1879 when the light bulb was first PATENTED by Thomas Edison"
Answer: Well the bright places are where smugness is manufactured and the dark places are where all of your food comes from. Doesn't take a 26 minute video to explain that.
I would say this is proof positive that the world is NOT overpopulated. These 'lights' seem to indicate there are a lot  less-populated land masses than the Gates' of the world want everyone to believe.
Great video, but North Korea isn't fascist. Fascism is a subset of totalitarianism, and while North Korea is definitely totalitarian, it doesn't match the definition of fascism. Still a fucking bad regime, though.
sorry that is not a rteal photo its a composite of earth we cant leave far enough to see it all
basically we made it real easy for aliens to find us.
20:14 bodied the commie bastards
Whooooaaa guys did you know that the lights actually show where there is civilization??? WOWWWZA!!!
GK: North Korea is a fashist state. Communist revolutionaries founding North Korea: am I joke to you?
The world: America
It’s crazy how North Korean dictator won’t bring electricity to his people... such a dark, lonely country ran by psychos
That segment about Aleppodevastatingly
BS
I live in one of those dark places in Africa! I love this land to death but I hate the politicians running it.
More green propaganda and not the first time i've seen it in your videos. You show solar power fields directly after  saying Pakistan in 2014 has generated electricity to thousands of citizens, but that is a lie, so why show solar panels? You just discredit your videos, so why?
Time to turn the lights down! Out here in Arizona we sure do miss our dimming night sky.
there are a few lies in this video, one is govt is forcing people out of urban areas an into cities, UN Agenda 2030 secondly the Battle in Syria and chemical weapons was a lie, the US is who released the chemical weapons in Syria(the US Stored the chemical weapons in Jordan if You tube didn't delete the video you could and would know this), see the nice destroyed buildings in Syria, well they were all insured, now comes clean up,,,installing mass surveillance and then rebuilding the city around the mass Spy systems it is not hard to find the plans just got to look for them,,,,great video with the exception of those few false statements
do more astronomy videos
All this light pollution saddens me... We can't look at the skies as it is anymore. :(
bloody hell, use metric system ffs
This doesn't explain history; history explains it.
I found the Korean border to be quite fascinating! The fact that you can see the borderline just from lights is insane.
timezones? lol
Dude Adelaide South Australia has about 1.5 million people not "just over 100 thousand"
You miss spelled Communisom. 😏 North Korea isn't Facist. It's communists.
What are all the lights in the ocean around South Korea and bits sprinkled in the Sea of Japan? Are those also oil rigs or are they just a ton of boats?
Light pollution.
Just go to rumble dude Not paying
Photo means an instance of reality caught through the lense of a camera. These are only computer generated images.
21:25 they are back again like all terror groups they just come back
Awesome wrk...... kudos Neo
The international community has made it taboo to violate the sovereignty of a nationstate, so actors seek power in other ways. This is why not many wars today are between countries, & more are civil wars or with a terrorist organisation instead.
*Why* hello *there.* How's *it* going?
2 percent the worlds surface are Cities.
All those people living right next to each other and yet have no community, don't know their neighbors and more lonely than humanity has ever been... Sad.
Thanks for the First 70% of the Video. The Situation in Syria started with the CIA giving weapons to rebells - against the Rules of UNO. If you Talk about politics, try to Tell the truth. And Obama had commanded to bomb at least 27 persons in foreign countries.
Sub Saharian Africa: The very phrase makes me think of an average IQ of 59.  Which also explains its lack of light and other achievement throughout history.
That Argentina pattern is fascinating.  It makes me wonder how the people use those routes. And I bet each one has its own cultural uniqueness, slang, accent, & curiosities.
The story of Aleppo breaks my heart. I don’t believe that it will ever recover. Thousands of years of history gone. If you go on google street view you can see lots of photo spheres of aleppo in ruins taken by residents. Some of them seem to be made so lovingly that you can feel the pain through the photos.
7:30 That's not America.  And it's not the United States _is_ but _ARE._ It's a Union of several States, not a Country, thus plural.
Come on man... North Korea "fascist"? You've done so much research. You're better than this...
NASA is a fraudulent organisation whom all they do is conceal the truth.. Composite all images of earth as CGI yet are paid with Billions of your tax dollars Americans.... You are all asleep!.... WHY?  Why is there a world wide treaty prohibiting anyone from exploring Antarctica....?  Start to pull of the Veil people. Real Life Lore. You are a puppet.... a Propaganda Puppet... Or just completely Blind also..
Wow. If you do Syria 2022, even those tiny specks of light are gone, with us seeing only 2 hours a day of electricity at maximum.
That was a real fancy way of saying it takes pictures at night
Very informative video
It's gonna get bad when the Chinese in that big city start starving after the collapse of the CCP.
Love from India 🇮🇳🙏
A railway going from Russia to Japan through decades long disputed islands is like a co-hosted Olympics by China and Taiwan. I wouldn’t be holding my breath.
YouTube is the largest censorship platform in America.  Why am I here?  Why are you here?
Aleppo looks like it was a beautiful city.  How terrible that men can ruin cities and countries all for the love of power.  Venezuela, for example, used to be a wonderful country.  Again, ruined by Chavez and made worse by Maduro.
Men in black kelts you mean?
Re oil rigs - I doubt it's just flares.  We used to live near the Cromarty Firth and when oil rigs were in the firth awaiting repair they were usually lit up like Christmas trees.  It may not be the same offshore, but I wouldn't be surprised.
I would say that in the later times that trains had a lot to do with the location of people.
Dark areas are mostly Mountains
Really liked the video.  Tried to join curiosity stream/nebula but couldn’t get it to work.  Still keep it up.  Excellent content
Talking about world and using feet as unit of measurement... WHY FFS?!
Love how he says “ A TON” lol
CGI Photos
❤️❤️❤️
Having almost no electricity in Africa does not seem to hinder the population. I wonder how much of world lighting is LED.
Netherland, Belgium and almost South Korea to is quite unique in that the entire countries are lit up
Labelling South Korea as a democratic regime is careless and inaccurate. Democratic government or system would be more appropriate.
its kind of disrespectful that you put pitcures of hong kong while talking about china.
Interesting choice to call North Korea "fascist"
He didn't patent the light bulb.
India pulling the Dick neighbor move of turning your flood lights into your neighbor's yard/windows.
North Korea is fascist? I thought they were communist.
It shows that China and India border on over population
This was incredible!
Long live the IND PM Modi.
It's very interesting and informative, however that over exaggerated intonation of the voice is annoying
You forgot to mention the cultural revolution and Great Leap Forward the starved and murdered millions forcing them into cities in survival mode. Keep it real now.
The Western China one might have more to do with the Uyghur genocide...
Ah yes North Korea the Fascist state not the communist one
North Korea and parts of Africa is just sad. Syria is terrible.
7:49, you could have said dallas/fort worth instead. just a comment
I'm guessing all the lights off S.K. coast are fishing vessels.
Thank you for Mentioning the deviation of the Syrian war
Why did you add a political comment for india and not for other countries? Paid content? The data you shared about it is contested many times as it is a propaganda by ruling IT cell.
0:06 - Gary Johnson, take note.
That reveal of Allepo’s lights and the complete devastation that conflict caused hit… really hard. But I also should not be learning about the Syrian civil war and it’s effects from a YouTube video about the Black Marble map. I really need to be more active in engaging with modern history.
What the heck are all those lights just below Jeju island Korea @18:41 ? They don't show up on the Black Marble in Google Earth, actually there seem to many differences from the Earth version. I wonder why?
Good content. But please cut down on the emphasis.
Crimea as part of Russia on the map?
the lights acHHHross the country increased DRAMMMMMMMMATICALLEHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! to look like THESSSSSSSSS  *the difference* barely anything  if this isnt sensationalist i dont know what is
For christ's sake, this dude has 5 MILLION subs, and no decency to at least put in a note with metric units.
oh god, dont swim in the Nile
How can those be satellite photos when the continents are the wrong size and shape? Greenland isnt shaped like that in the real world
Why did u say ft worth and not dallas? I'm from fort worth so that's pretty sick but no one does that.
15:33 NAHHH BLM BRO
You mean communist when talkin about North Korea
All of history is the flaw of this thumbnail
I felt like I was listening to a nontstop cinematic voice trailer the whole time. It was exhausting and I had to stop 10 minutes in. Feel free to put a little less fabricated enthusiasm in a video that doesnt need it.
20:14 Communist*
Imagine calling NK fascist...
The North Sea oil rigs look amazing at night when you're out at sea!
Why do the lights at sea also dim or disappear?
NASA CGI of the planet 🤔🤣😅
What about Japan 🤔
I want to see how this image has changed over pandemic considering that a lot of people(at least in India) moved from urban areas to their native places🤔
..and if you were to look at the world from this perspective starting around 150 years ago, you can watch the human cancer grow... we all are trying to pretend like we'll be able to fix the climate problems without addressing the biggest contributor to it, which is massive over population.. we're only around 5 billion more than what's sustainable..
20:00 Its called EMBARGO
While I absolutely adore Nebula. WHY CANT THEY MAKE A FUNCTIONING SEARCH FEATURE?!? Seriously. I go to the app and search Alepo some shit about Aloof Aliens pops up with all manner of unrelated videos. I don't get it. Hell even if you search a channel name and use the creator search half the time it doesn't work. Do better nebula
Cool perspective and insight. But, ALL of history. I don't think so. These lights from space tells us the distribution of mankind only after the point of electricity.  This doesnt explain the roaming areas of dinosaurs,  or the hunting grounds of native americans, or lines created by war. Just picking on the title.
Syria conflict you only mentioned Russia & Syrian gov & chemical weapons where there was no proof. Better you do more research & provide a more balanced & objective view.
When you forgot to study for a history exam and have 1 second left:
All this light pollution is having a devastating effect on insect life worldwide. This was an amazing and thought-provoking video. Thank you.
21 ha...undered
Thanks for featuring Argentina! The railway still has a statue to commemorate the founding of Neuquén. 😊 The old track switches are still there!
North Korea Facist? what
in all of the worlds conflicts youll see the grubby hands of the US all over this all bs started with the WMD stunt and later actually invading
As a child of history, those lines are not arbitrary. Capricious, yes. Cruel and powerful, yes. But not even close to arbitrary.
I visited the Galápagos Islands 15 years ago, during a time when there was no moonlight.  The night sky was, for lack of a better description, truly a religious experience.  If you can ever go to a truly dark sky location, I highly recommend it, and better still if it is in the Southern Hemisphere where the Milky Way is much more visible.
I remember when Obama cried about the chemical attacks in Syria hitting kids, shortly after he ok'd the killing of Abdulrahman Al-Awlaki
After considering the fact that 70% of my youtube content is educational. I FINALLY subscribed to nebula and curiosity stream
And by fascist you of course mean socialist. Words matter. There's this opinion that fascist = bad, socialist = good - but that couldn't be farther from the truth. Both either start, or end up as totalitarianist and thus both = bad. For some reason, people see capitalism = bad, but yet, when you look at the Koreas at night, it's pretty clear which is the bad one. I fail to understand this romance with socialism that still exists out there. It's pure fantasy and/or stupidity.
North Korea and South Korea's difference really amazes me. It's incredible how different ideology and leadership can make or break a country.
Mudfossil university will explain Many things that you have not  Thought possible but are very real. Roger Spurr has his finger on the  Pulse of Earth...
Australia at night reminds me of Kharak from Homeworld
12:38-12:48, 13:04-13:14 are definitely not China but Hong Kong, and possibly 13:14-13:19 too, 13:19-13:24 has a very American one-way sign that's most definitely neither HK or China (maybe Guam? Hawaii?)
Okay this is really nitpicky I'm sorry but Adelaide has a population of over 1 million not 100 thousand. Besides that love the video
I think a physical geography map explains that map
Never heard of Nebula! I am so glad I found your YouTube channel! 👍👍👍
13:45 Fun fact: those fields and mountains in the background are actually in Hong Kong, since Shenzhen built its city center right on the border, and Hong Kong haven't quite developed the land adjacent to China.
He point Hong Kong wrong map 🤣
really amazing, thank you!  it will be amazing to see the lights go out in many coastal cities and islands as the sea rises and forces people to move inland.
"How you need to talk about all of history to explain 1 image" would be the more accurate title
You should includ more fully mainland european countries because you didnt include any
are sydney and melbourne still swapped? does this video say man has walked on the sun?
We’re so smart that we have accelerated our own demise doesn’t make much sense to me unless we think we are going to another planet because we will run out of resources sooner then we think
Not sure why you titled this video with such a sensational title. It's SUPER misleading.
Okay first of all British didn't grant us Indians independence. We fought for it. They just tortured us for their own good
At 20:16 RealLifeLore afirm that North Korea is a "...fascist state..." . No, North Korea is a real life result of a Comunist State. That's it. I know it's unpleasant to see so many friends and history teachers trying to throw socialism/communism away from what's happening in North Korea, but against facts...
0.39 INDIA Borderline is wrong between india pakistan please check google map in indian version of google map
You can just make out Broken Hill in Australia on this map. 👍👍👍
very shocking to see the change that took place in Aleppo. I would like very much to see a parallel video that highlights fresh water, and perhaps one on arable lands.
The narration is really annoying... can't stick with it.
I'm from Aleppo and I can confirm that most people in that city cannot even remember what electricity means.. Luckily, I don't live there anymore but I can never forget the years I've lived there in the war Pray for Syria, it's really bad in there Especially in Aleppo💔💔
No comments on Brazil, though? Seriously, look at the darkness in the middle!
Does this guy even breath while talking?.
Well I guess this is a good retort to saying that you can’t see borders from space
Says North Korea is fascist lol their Marxists...
it's just a weather inversion. like a mirage.
u can see burundi, but no sattelites and airplanes. one word.  THINK!!!
where's the picture. the photograph. not the composite. . and where's all them satellites.? i figure if you can "photograph" streetlights, surely you can give us some sat pics, and airplanes flyin around all those pretty lights. so again where is the photo from space ?  NOT!!! the composite.  and tell me why, we need "composites", instead of photographs. if you were on the hook for murder, what would you rather. a photograph, prooving your guilt, or innocence, or a "compilation from the DA's office." .  AGAIN, How 1 photo from space explains all of history. Where is the photo, of which you speak. ?? Unless i'm out 180 degrees, and we're  agreeing. mebe i was too impatient to see your point. could you summarize how 1 photo from space expains all of history. like  in 4 or five sentences" laymens terms?  i f you can't do that, then your're not for real.
and now we know the political orientation,  and bias, of the guy doing these videos. when communism is called  fascism you just know how deep his  brain is up his own ass.
Whoa my man you are talking FAST
honestly this is the best endorsement for Nebula I've seen, Never really thought about the "too hot for YouTube" aspect as much as with this video.
North Korea is not fascist.
People in the United States cherish a little open space around their homes, for the most part.  Most of the rest of the world seems to prefer living on top of each other.  Is economics the only driving force?  Maybe, but I think densely populated areas are prime locations for communicable diseases and crime.  In general, the US is a pretty safe place where the rule of law is generally accepted as a most important objective, along with the freedom provided by a couple of personal automobiles.  Left wing controlled cities in the US have lately become dangerous hotbeds of homelessness (financially supported by local, state and federal governments), crime (organized and disorganized), looting and arson. Sad.  So, a little open space seems to be working pretty well.
cat finally made a good video
13:25 As a person born and raised in Shenzhen, China, I feel very proud that our city gets mentioned!
10:40
This is awesome love your videos.  Also pine gap is a satellite communications facility to cover that hemisphere as well and allows communications with the ISS and rockets over that hemisphere as well
Disliked for mindlessly repeating the _"Syrian government deployed chemical weapons...."_ narrative.   That claim, repeated numerous times by certain governments, think tanks and carried uncritically by western MSM, has been debunked by actual investigative journalists but it's unfortunate that channels like this one continue to repeat it, and no doubt, colour and influence the minds of people not aware of the actual truth.
1:43 The lights on Java island is very bright compared to the rest of major islands in Indonesia
Hey puppet of PROPOGANDA MACHINE Fix your map  Gilgit-baltistan is sovereign territory of INDIA
I am having trouble finding the most recent Black Marble picture. I want to set is as my wallpaper. I find only the 2016 version and even so it was pretty hard to find.
I need your support
Wow!
This video is very well done. Very well researched, and the graphics are great. What an achievement!
Wait a minute... North korea is Fascist? When the fuck did that happen lol?
what a beautiful video
Voting for Biden is like making Kim north Korea leader president
Modiji is best 🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🙏
North Korea is not a fascist state; it's a communist state. Both are evil, but for different reasons.
26:15 video to explain people live in habitable areas, and not on mountain peaks? Ok, got it!
13:11. “Taxes are less”?  Taxes is a plural noun.  Please use ‘fewer’ when discussing plural nouns.
8:48 “Less people”?  Please remove and republish this with correct grammar.
This video has too many pictures.
Is this interesting and worthwhile? Yes. Will it tell you “...pretty much...the entire history and story of mankind.” No. No, it will not, or come even remotely close to it.
CIA spy confirmed make america native again
Proud to be an Indian.. loved to hear that India is the brightest country of all.. More to go ❤️
0.0
Why does this guy emphasize every single word?
North Korea is communist, not fascist but not like the difference is that big anyway
It’s amazing how visible Cairo, Buenos Aires, the Eastern Seaboard major cities of the U.S. are and Beijing-Tianjin corridor is present. Boston to Washington, D.C., almost looks like one elongated metropolis of about seventy million people. To me, lit up USA Midwest and East versus sparse West almost looks like it runs down the Mississippi River. New Delhi is quite apparent too!
The US dividing line is I-35? Seems about right
It is Arabian Gulf
12:08 thats a lot of genocide
Meanwhile, Canadians be like "where we at, eh?" 🤣🤣
I love the Korean border one because South Korea looks like a island and north’s lights look like oil rigs
Best video sir
That thumbnail had me dubious in the beginning but I'm glad you followed through and delivered the goods.
Oh my god. The Syrian Civil War was Atrocious!!
Over 750 million human beings have no access to electricity!? Sorry, that’s a failure of the human race! We think we’re so advanced, but we can’t even make sure every man, woman and child of our human race can live with access to food, clean water and electricity. It’s an embarrassment! Even with those 700 million people ‘off the grid’, carbon emissions are ALREADY out of control…So how we are supposed get all these people affordable, clean, renewable energy and still CUT emissions, and STILL prevent climate breakdown, is BEYOND me. 🤯
In china Orrr they were “removed” from life by communist  :(
7:10 Oh look we even got them yanks a pool so they don't cook! :D
How to recognize Alien civilizations on another exoplanet!
What is Aleppo?
why do they say the growth in population like it’s a good thing
Just signed up for Nebula! See you there...👀
Here in Arizona we love the night. Especially our space telescopes.
Great video but made me tear up with the fact that people are so far from ground reality...... Electricity is dream for many
With the business friendly policies and Social Welfare Schemes of Narendra Modi Govt, India has seen huge transformation...
Proud to own (for the duration of my brief mortal existence) a gorgeous chunk of pine forest in the middle of a really big dark area.  Nearest neighbors are elk.
Typical YouTube gets offended for others and silences creators so no one get UPSET 🙄
North Korea?  Fascist?  I think you mean communist...though there isn't really much difference in practice
This might as well have been a population density map.
My first thought was movies where the whole town would kill the lights in air raids
Interesting
"Light Pollution"
7:14 - WOW ⭐
15:00 thank you for saying the light bulb was *patented* by Edison.
Research Flat Earth.
North Korea is not a “fascist” dictatorship. It’s a communist one. This video is far too well educated to have gotten that wrong by accident.
Indian rural areas get electricity in four years!
Great video but shame you reminded me of the odious White Helmets. Yuk.
Great video, I learned a lot.
Why exactly would YouTube ban history... Hmmm...
6th Of February 2022 23:27pm
This is one of the better videos I've seen in a while
I subscribed to curiosity stream a couple/few months back, primarily to get the extra content from you and tier zoo and others, but I am unable to find any of it. Curiosity Stream has plenty of cool stuff that I can't find on you tube, but that isn't primarily what I subscribed for.   What am I doing wrong, or what is going wrong, or what? I am an old fart who is particularly computer illiterate.
Oof. I understand that monetization of a video affects how the algorithm will recommend it (or not), and that will impact if people see it (or not)... but describing the horror of the Aleppo situation and contextualising it as a problem of *not being able to monetize your video about it* to transition into an *advertisement for Nebula* ... geez guys. Not great.
Interesting to find out just how many people in this world are still without Electricity, despite the fact that so many areas have gotten electricity in recent years.
This was fun, I miss Shenzhen...
Europe: Am I A Joke To You? 😐
I think Greece is close to that of Afghanistan and Iceland
Don’t forget too that in the US, that line is the I35 corridor
Interesting video but it hardly explains all of history.
100th meridian? Really? You don't supposed that line in the US could possibly be following the Mississippi? Ya know, life following rivers like you explained in the next 3 minutes of video?
Love your videos man. However, I've never seen anyone circle the DFW metroplex and call it Ft Worth lmao. If anything, that's Dallas my guy
It's the Sierra Nevada in California that causes the rain shadow from the Pacific, not the Rockies. The Rockies rain shadow the gulf moisture.
Any Toyota ogs here? 🤣
Congratulation to all those who worked so hard to produce this documentary. This is precious. A great lesson of modern geography. Thank you all so much. Looking forward to learn more from you. Keep up the good work.
Very nice stuff and it should be required viewing viewing in grade school. We’d have an easier time helping climate change hysterics understand  that the earth is in no danger of running out of room anytime soon if they could be allowed a glimpse of reality at a young age.
This is all crapnlies your blindly following the mainstream news no critical thinking whatsoever.
Wonderful  Thumbs up.
Those maps also show that the theory of an overpopulated world is false.
Holy shit, all of history just flew over my house, and this map explained it
As someone who does astrophotography as a hobby, I yearn for the less luminated parts of the world.  Light pollution is still a pollution, many people living in these giant metropolis areas never even seen the night sky.  I had friends from cities who traveled to a small town where I used to live and they couldn't get enough of the stars visible at night, they said it was magical.  Also, lighting up the environment as many of these giant cities messes with the the people's internal/biological clock, and since LED introduced and their spectrum of light they emit is even worse than the old light bulbs.  Just like the way phones and tablets have the ability to turn the light yellowish, to avoid causing sleeping pattern problems, the problem doesn't stop there.  LED street lights, car lights all causing the same problem and not just to humans, but nocturnal and all creatures around. There are still no regulations on LED bright lights, regardless how people in love with them, they are not your friend at night. There should be regulation by now to limit the light emission and frequency of it, to pull it back down to more conservative levels, or we will have a serious problem very soon, or possibly already happening with the people's mental and neurological well being.  I'm not saying we should go back to dark, but moderate the light output for efficiency and stay in the emission level of natural lights.
This is a very interesting and very good video
THIS IS PROPAGANDA YOU EEJITS
Ok
In my first comment on this video is in about the USA 🇺🇸
Hedrabad is in my country India 🇮🇳
using ft in 2022
I think this problem has been solved
byased: the video
Atleast north Korea is stopping polution!
22:44.  What about America?  What about Israel ? No one talks about what they did in syria   Stealing gas and donate turkey against Syria . Controlling Idlib  🤓  You  always say what Russia do as an evil actions .  But America no its ok . They can do whatever they want🥸
Why don't we just use the gas from offshore platforms to sell it?
Okay huge fact check needed. 21:23  "Isis has been long defeated." Sam, you know they kinda control the country, right?
But the darkest place is good for astronomy 😒
The Middle East section of the video makes me so sad for humanity.
I love Australia :)
7:15 I'm in Sydney Australia, I turned all my outside lights on so you could see us better. 🙂🇦🇺
I wish you had added Berlin's night light. The History of using two different lights is massiv. Neo did share that
Humanity is not a noun. Mankind is the word. Nothing is very unique, it either is or is not. Morons.
Thomas Edison did not hold in  the first patent for a   lightbulb
The last thing you could really argue that was a territorial change was Russia's annexation of Crimea
Does someone know where can I find the map? Amazing video btw.
Can you see any borders from up here?
This was an INCREDIBLE video!  Thank you for this!  You always make great videos but this one just kept blowing my mind!
what is the intense light in the ocean around south korea?
Fun fact: The gas that gets flared off on the oil rigs isn't the mix of methane (CH4), ethane (C2H6) and propane (C3H8) we'd use for fuel, but hydrogen sulphide (H2S), which burns to form sulphuric acid (H2SO4). There is far more hydrogen sulphide in natural gas than we need and it's pretty poisonous. It's actually _safer_ to convert it into sulphuric acid by burning it and letting it blow away in the wind than to try and store it.
This has never passed my mind until today and its absolutely crazy to think we will cluster 70 million people in such a small area when it's only like 2% of the landmass
"The entire history of the human race"... Uhhh... history actually goes back a _lot_ longer than ~100 years.
There’s a lot of people in the mountains of Afghanistan.  I’ve heard many stories about combat in those mountains.  Heard the fighters have incredible leg strength due to living in the mountains.  They are very in shape.  Many cannot read or write and they have no knowledge of the world outside their villages.  They thought sunglasses could see through the burkas and hijabs and they would cover their women from the soldiers when walking in public.  They had no knowledge of 9/11 or why their land was occupied by strange futuristic looking soldiers with machines of war and destruction.
Is the original black marble photo available to download? If yes, could you please share the link?
23:24 because all you care is money? Nice! I was going to subscribe. Like your work but man, for one single video to not make you money you join the demonetization cry-babies gang... pitty!
This map shows the patterns of war, colonization, and the centralization of wealth. Even the scale of the map is Euro-centric.  Use a Peters Projection Map, at least.
Interesting. Thank you.
Look at time stamp 8:28 it's a face on the side of the Rocky mountains Romans 8:28!!!
North Korea “Fascist”? you mean Communist*
Syria's loss of light was very eye opening.
nawendwa mwodwi  😂😂😂🤣
If you zoom in close enough over Afghanistan you can see the many thousands of Afghan and US citizens America betrayed and abandoned when they surrendered and snuck away in the middle of the night like cowards.
No still usa look brighter
Watching Syria go dark sent chills down my spine
Looking at this map is one of my hobbies I could do it for hours
25:15 North Korea is a COMMUNIST state.
Lights have become a such a staple of life, so interesting being able to use it to reverse engineer information about different civilizations and cultures
Yezzir pcity!!
North Korea is COMMUNIST.  Not Fascist.
Technically, the Korean War never ended. There was an armistice with no peace treaty, so while there has been de facto peace since the armistice, and the war has been in effect de jure ever since it began.
yikes...... poor people of Aleppo
North Korea is not fascist. They are communists.
Whoa, a campaign promise that was actually fulfilled? That’s wild.
TY for.this amazing video. Gonna make the kids watch it 😂
Interesting, I suppose people are still saving energy by using low voltage bright LCDs, and  solar and wind energy..
This is by far the greatest video you ever created for YouTube, I'll give a shot to Nebula. Thanks for your great content brother
I think North Koreans are more co corned with their access to food than they are to electricity
Calls north korea "fascist" 0_0
I enjoyed the video. However, please, never again pan the camera while using a swipe animation for demonstrating any sort of image change.
That line in the US is also where parts of the Colorado River Basin begins. And I noticed the equally spaced straight lines of small lights in the Western US too - again, railroads were hugely influential in how ppl planned where to settle. Although these days, we tend to plan more around interstates (unfortunately).
the reason why the light seeking satelites cannot detect the light within DRC is because it shares borders with WAKANDA  no lie though
Anyone else only watch about 90% of the videos this guy makes, then cut out once the advertisements start?
Too much kitchen politics biased views to my taste. Pitiful, could be a neutral and informative video, but it is simple propaganda.
I'm glad and lucky to live in a dark area.
Why not just take one panoramic photo or video from the satellite? Shouldn’t be too difficult since satellites orbit around the earth.
Amazing video! Perfectly executed voiceover, and despite some overly generic stock video its compelling and kept my interest easily.
Is it just me, or based on this map shouldn't we be referring to Utah when we refer to the Midwest of the USA.  It seems to be the middle north-south and might east-west of the west (the part to the left of the 100th meridian west).
I want to live where most of the world will not. We were never meant to live on top of one another...That has never been God's plan. Please read the book of the TRUTH, the Bible, especially, first, the book of Genesis. If you want to know God's plan after the Fall, read the portion about Abraham, and Lot...When people grew too large for the land to care for, people agreed to move on so their clans could prosper...We have given over common sense to senseless government intrusion..There is certain to be a lot of human and wildlife Death coming soon to this evilly run, despotic Gov't ruled existence... I'd give all I have to be free, in nature, away from what most people consider, progress and civilization...A fishing rod, a temperate climate, and NO big bizness to ruin it all... We either get back to living simply, or WE simply, disappear... ...Roughly that means, to DIE MISERABLY!!!
Studies have proven that the best way to reduce global population is to promote higher education.
Borders aren't arbitrary. They are a refection of careful politics. The naïveté of calling borders "arbitrary" shows a substantial lack of understanding of both demography and politics.
Try avoiding personal political commentary in educational videos
No North Korean has access to power
This is one of the best videos i have ever watched on youtube.
North Korea is a socialist state, not fascist...
What a good video
South Korea: Everything the light touches is our country  Everyone: But what about that shadowy place  South Korea: That's North Korea. You must never go there.
Show Gaza please
That Indian Prime Minister really did absolutely amazing at defying the stereotypical politician and keeping his major promise
Bro think he changing the world with this one ☝️ 😹😹
🚯🚯This educational video is interesting, eye-opening, and easy to understand.  It would be more-so Without the noise/music/clanking in the background. Just unnecessary and so very distracting. 🚯🚯
Too bad announcers don't spend time looking up how to pronounce  the words properly.
19:20 “totalitarian fascist regime in the North” LMAO okay Fed.   Pretty sure the DPRK is fighting against the fascists of American empire but you do you girl.  Edit: this glowie repeats “totalitarian fascist state” at 20:15, this is the same loser that took Yeonmi Park’s grifter story at face.
Seeing Africa hit a soft spot for me
RealLifeLore you should update your video about how the capital of that volcanic island is the o ly capital with 0 people. You mention in this video that Syria’s capital has none now either
Sooo...no mention to Europe? OK
20:12  You forgot to say "communist".
Can't pay to see videos on these sites you tell us about.  :(
Stupid video, obviously it’s population density and city size.
29 hour drive perth to Adelaide
I wonder how many people at the end of those light switches are screaming "Global Warming"  and "Climate Change"? Why all of those lights?
Ah yes like nobofy know that theres was light for cities and populatedn area
Thanks for explaining how oil and natural gas fields show up as lights, even though no people live in those areas.  I noticed this particularly in the Permian Basis in Texas - especially the western part of the basin, which is pretty much devoid of population but still shows up with a lot of bright lights.  Also, I was unaware of the Eagle Ford Shale, which forms an arc south and southeast of San Antonio, again where there are no cities and extremely sparse population.  I always wondered why there were bright lights in these parts of uninhabited Texas.
North Korea, a fascist state? (20:14)
How is North Korea, a communist state, fascist? Are we still allowed to associate murderous regimes (like the NK one) with communism? Stop whitewashing the communists.
Checking DISLIKE for one reason only...  STANDARD  vs  METRIC !!!   It has been identified that a particular Commie Asian Nation is demanding that We The People drop our Standard system and accept a FORCED Metric system... Its important to note that Standard was switched to Metrics throughout the Indoctrination of the Millennials...   They litteraly told those Imbeciles that the Standard system was created by and for an IMPEARIALIST Nation... Now how dumb does one have to be to fall for such a lie...   So why does this matter ??? Its simple... The USA Instituted the Standard system to prevent foreign nations from repairing U.S. military equipment during the time of war... Simply stated,,, If the enemy can fix it in the field they can uses it against American Patriots... Not to mention extreme theft of Americas commercial technology...  DOH !!!  Hence the C boys are simply attempting to make America surrender control of everything... Especially its engineering...    Therefore, every time you hear the Metric system being inserted into the American way of life, hit the dislike and comment, Standard over Metric...   Spread This Message World Wide Immediately And Repeatedly...
India can't even feed anyone maybe they should charge for electric and give free food
Great video... well explained
Does it seriously take 26 minutes to explain why a night-time photo of literally anywhere on Earth doesn't have completely equal light distribution? Seems like the kind of thing a moderately intelligent 5 year old could figure out without any help.....
This thumbnail isn't a picture at all, it's called a composite image!
The lights on the eastern shore of South Korea are also off-shore oil rigs or what?
I was expecting this video to be informative. I was not expecting it to be so sad.
this is what i wish my social studies classes in school had been like instead of reading chapters out of a single textbook and taking tests by memorizing dates
Everytime I see this video its a new thumbnail.
Fantastic informative video, thanks so much, awesome job
In the United States, this map depicts the highest concentrations of braindead people known as "democrats".
North Korea isn't a "fascist state". They are a "Democratic Republic" that happens to be socialist 😁.
North Korea fascist?  Get your terminology straight!
What you are telling me this image was a composite image and not taken on just Diwali night? Man my whole life is a lie!! 😲😲😲
Hello, I'm new to Biticon trade and I've been making huge losses but recently i see a lot of people earning from it. Please can someone tell me what to do?
I effing love this channel
Why don’t you have more subscribers? This is the kind of stuff I didn’t know I wanted to know…😆😆
this video looks like its praise for pm narendra modi
Modi ji jai ho
*Shows North Korea is dark at night but South Korea is bright* “Oh it’s obviously because North Korea is bad and evil and doesn’t have lights and evil” *shows the same distinction with east and west coast America* “Oh the west just isn’t as developed as the east coast.”
I love your channel keep up the great stuff!
You make it seem like elecricity is something you need for life, which is not true. I would rather be a caveman living in caveman times, than living nowdays. Everywhere are people, everywhere are laws, everywhere is city, urban, electricity and brightness. I dont like that. :(
He said south sutan
Greetings from one of those dots in Argentina 🇦🇷
I do not have to watch the video to know why
USA JANUARY 6TH IS REAL AMERICANS DEMOCRACY??????????????????????????
I think I saw a similar video like this from a different video few years back.
Pure Propaganda machine .....western propaganda ...... Do you have the will to make a video on the war crimes your Usa mother have done across the middle east in the name of democracy.....?? Why don't you make a video on your governments Ruthless support to the fascist barbaric Israel army ??  Can you make a video on how your country stole oils from Syria ?? What about the False Flag Operation you so Called peace lover army has done , what about Operation Northwood ?? You can only talk about china  , Korea,  Russia and present a one sided information. That's called propaganda.....
2 video thumbnail: 1. West of America is dark East America is bright 2. North Korea being dark as a basement South Korea being bright as a lightbulb
Damn the darkness of africa in terms of electricity coralates with skin tone.
as someone from syria, i really appreciate you going in depth about aleppo. it means a lot.
So those 70 million people in China around Hong Kong never see the night sky.  Sad.
ありがとうございました
21:48 I believe that if you take another black marble photo in 2022, Syria would be even darker. Power goes out a lot, with most cities seeing about 4 hours a day... of electricity. 20 hours, or 83% of the day, is spent in darkness or under dim battery powered lights, and even those aren't enough sometimes because the batteries don't even have enough time to charge. War is hell.
*salutes*
it`s kind of shame to turn scientific video to stupid propaganda
Modi great leader
Damn you got the population of Adelaide wrong. We have just over a million people here, no 100,000. But it’s really a giant country town. Love your content though!
Jesus Christ on you there ACTUALLY HIM Christian Berndt Fredriksson.
I am WHO i am Söderhamn Islam ihamn i han i Slam i ham i Slam  Error i EY yo what THE fuck are THE big is in so it goes into i en to ett it to you then you are you are not be because of THE universe is Jessie so Jessie Said yes and that was just a Up o it to you then Said knock and that was a Good code so what i am WHO i am
Nej sa du utan att gaspa efter air Varför skrattar du åt gisslan drama för i hellvete han terrorist javisst
Mannen vad inte du
Police ba ja nice nä men sura du hur unge
Också rockstar
Ja barn är dom med också 79
Vi knullade i förra året vad är vad då då
Duscha nyss vad fan vill du kåt jag Christian Berndt to i Fredriksson
Choklad
Då blir hela ig glad
Utbildning GF
Ja hon kommer sen vad fan vill du  GRETA Vi har inte ens ett liv vad fan vill jag  Bah nej Vad fan är tre då
This was fascinating. And the civilian losses in Syria during that siege were devastating and I feel bad for them…but at the same time (to be fair) their men are pussies for running when they see a battalion of Armed Women. They are incredibly sexist and the troops fighting got what they deserved if we’re being honest. But that doesn’t make it right. And no one should have fought or died. However what’s done is done and we can’t change the past. Here’s to hopes we can move away from wars an unnecessary losses of Life in the next century. 🍻🥂🍺🍸🥃🍹🍷
I Love This Channel Love From India🇮🇳
if democrats win again the next election they will probably censor videos like this.
Jai ho Modi
Love the background music
Han Word ja vjriwtksn Berndt Fredriksson dom säger att du är messiah hörrö på tv ja SVT 1 8;38
Connecticut then yes u Christian Berndt Fredriksson i tv bra där gud
Du fattar ju inte p3 sa vi på GG där ute till i Christian toiberndtuavtuallyiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiikkiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii Space you fuck you Island ö3
Us government him yes No fuck you story here roby Robin Robyn actually pro Decker pneumatisk det där med jul och ett IG ja jag vet att det här receptet i to you so i i am WHO cancer ökar en gång till gång efter e here so what i want him ett e är det med ett eller ett par en egen Id så att det här receptet en enda exempel ett eller efter ett eller efter överenskommelse mellan de olika delarna i am WHO cancer i bukspottkörteln det där lilla en gång skrev han där borta mot i so it en enda exempel på ro ett eller ett par u in ett eller efter en blick Yes THE sound for you is THE picture in THE sound THE Sun sound to you Yes yes yes yes Duck you whore Said i you not u
Political propaganda and disinformation,no thanks.
My ellictricty not 1 Him ONLY him 2 3 4isu Nasa
Of Kings you are me
Ja men alltså hur ska djur ha då min ljud där ja Nilen Nile miles miles born army then jävla cp
Gated THE eden
Yes well obvisly och
I wanted i FBI CBI Fredriksson bi 🐝 noone as 👈🐝 Yes u noone as i yes u förklara i dö då Jävla surfitra jävla surfitra Tabtrasex där ja skriv det was asked to DO so me Nas Alice junojuno 1212då 2012 vad
Next Star Party:  North Korea!
I imagine Alaska's skies north of Anchorage must be incredibly dark. And I understand that Antarctica has even darker skies than North Korea!
Karachi is view a full city of world.
Amazing work...
We need a 2022 photo! 2016 was ages ago
because (at least in North Korea's case)  communism fails every time it's tried. Thats the asnwer
Aleppo was such a beautiful gem of a city before the war
11:22, what? they just became brighter some place pretty much the same no light at all
You mean, when Edison stole the patent for the lightbulb and claimed it as his own invention. 😀
This was very interesting.  Thanks
Interesting you said Fort Worth instead of the much bigger Dallas.  lol!
What are all those lights around Koreas? Both countries seem to have more lights in the sea than on the land, and they don't have oil fields.
the US is divided by the Mississippi River
Syria : Not a Civil War . Stop your zionist bullshit!
Great video I love this channel
china will cut the siliguri corridor.
War reduces light pollution. Finally, something it's good for.
The war in Iraq was not a civil war, the US attacked it.
Will you make a video about the decline of the US?
Kim john uno no be likeing dis
I'm sad to hear about the warfare in Aleppo through this video analysis. It is much worse than I thought :(
whooormally, Man I love your speech impediment.
NASA...hmmmm? before you quote anything coming from this organization you may want to look back during World War II and the Nazis and the Cabal. And oh by the way where is the dome? Why do they never show the dome? It was a dome over the earth. There are large ice walls why are they never shown? Look at ancient maps… Food for thought.
This is beautiful! Great video!
Please keep doing 20+ min videos
This is incredible... "Mankind Most Advanced Civilization Yet"
Great videos man. Have you thought about doing a possible conflict between Russia/nato?
What about Crimea
20:16 N. Korea is a totalitarian, Communist state, not fascist. There’s an important distinction between the two.
Overpopulation hahaha it's a joke. And here it's clear. Do you know that if every person on this plannet would have 100 square meters to move around in then the whole world population fits in Alaska and then it's   80 % full. So everybody  get out of your brainwash box and understand the game.
This is AMAZING!
The midwest has less lights because it's mostly farm lands and live stock lands. We're land locked between east coast and west coast at war with each other. We wait for them in our fox holes and pick them off when they get too close to the cows. We wish to help them understand we can make their life East Ukraine if they don't step down.
What did Communist use before candles.......                                                                                                        electricity.
Thanks that helps me confirm CIA still exist. I tried to tell the Australians over back door channels that they had been taken over by deep state. Their response was denial. I can understand that given the situation. CIA NSA are very clever, I feel concern for the Australians, I know they're being spied on by CIA NSA.
11:02)Did the population decline  after electric  power was brought in. The Egyptian government was concerned over the decline in the birth rate in rural areas after the arrival of electric power. Simple answer. Electrical power meant that the people could do other things after dark and not go to bed come sunset.
Damn the difference of syria after the wars was very sad
I remember seeing something similar to this thirty years ago in a magazine.
You know, the map from Koreas, is wrong, right?
There's also Berlin. Different lights on either side of the city.
I love how you said "Thomas Alva Edison first PATENTED light bulb and not INVENTED"
Americans at 17:32 be like : write that done write that down
East/West Germany...North/South Korea...Socialism vs Capitalism....Capitalism wins everytime.
Har Har Modi..!!
bullshit no satellites out there show me a picture of real satellite, ill wait
2:02 anyone see a dog😂
One of THE best videos on the internet! A truly amazing quality! Thank you for your work!
The North Korean gov't teaches their citizens that they're one of the richest countries in the world, yet you can see from space that they don't even have electricity in most of their towns.
With China having very little urban sprawl and all those high density cities that communist billionaires think will save the environment you'd expect better results for them. In comparison America or Australia with way less "green" high density cities have an environment in way better shape.  So the whole narrative of living like sardines with no amenities being pushed by the reset fails again!  😁
Thank you🙏 I will watch it in full later.
this photo is my background. seems odd seeing it on when iv seen it every day for years
The more individual liberty and the resulting capitalism that people enjoy, the more likely they are to have electricity.
north korea is comunistic not fascist ,these are 2 different ideologies,both are bad but get your facts right
Anybody else catch that he called Hong Kong a city? ...the propaganda is just...
Indian map is incomplete. Entire Kashmir belongs to India
Modi 💪
I wonder often if nasa stands for National Aeronautics and Space Administration why do they have hundreds of satellites pointed at the Earth and not space. Nasa is just another spy agency
So, who grows the food in China?  Or do they import all of it.
E
Nope. Not gonna pay for CuriousNebulousStream.
You changed the thumbnail to the koreas
11:12 ♥️♥️♥️🕉️🇮🇳
I'm pretty sure North Korea is communist not fascist..
The best photo to understand the difference between capitalism vs socialism
me, peacefully living in Crimea already disagree with the avatar shot of "Russia 's 7 year war against Ukraine" :|||
North Korea is not a fascist state
North Korea:   Communist This video:   North Korea: Fascist
Hats off to You man, one of the best video in my life I have ever watched
India : fuck your borders , lights are enough for mehh
Did the thumbnail change?
Everybody watching this video first thing is searching their own city:) I found my Sevastopol glowing in Crimea right away) Indeed we have 2 mayjor cities and some small ones on south coast)
Why did you changed the thumbnail?
Great video, but I take issue with 2 things.  The Korean wear isn't over because a peace treaty hasn't been signed only a cease fire.  Perks love on those oil rigs so those lights are still indicative of people although not residential settlements.  Again, I really enjoyed the video.
20:15 since when north korea is fascist?
Did you seriously call N. Korea fascist?
This was a very interesting video.
LOVE FROM PAKISTAN♥
Cheeky thumbnail change
The reason it’s so dark in North Korea is because they shut the power down at night to save from light pollution and electric bills
TLDW: People live near water and rail
lol nebula just sounds like another vessel. Sunset incoming
Also interesting, when you look at Berlin 🇩🇪you see still the difference between east and west, because of the color Temperature
Wonderful videos Thank you :D
No one is going to talk about Belgium and The Netherlands??
Indus River is born and flows from through India first and Indus valley civilisation has many seals/artifacts related to early vedic/hindu civilisation... Indus river is called Sindhu Nadi in the Vedas written 5000 years ago (composed millions of years ago).
That was truly interesting!
The video you use for ROK and DPRK is photoshopped. Using the same techniques as used on DPRK in this photo would show the US to he completely dark as well besides NYC and LA.
north Korea are helping the environment. They are model for us all. Turning your lights off and not using electricity is saving the planet. And they are a model of leftist thought and action that the west is going to copy.
Let's be honest, a light map doesn't show anything close to the history of mankind. It simply shows population density amongst those that have electricity. We have to apply our knowledge of history to the light map to know why it looks the way it does.
Lmao he changed the title and thumbnail
I think I may have watched the documentary of Syria, specifically Aleppo a few years back on Algezeera (the news network) I may have spelt it incorrectly.  If it's not the exact documentary it's one showing real time war action, the citizens fighting for their lives, normal citizens being forced to defend themselves, it does show real time gore and death after all it is war. For those who were interested but couldn't afford the site he was plugging.
Okay, I appreciate the amazing video. And the ending definitely made me subscribe to Nebula. Thank you
I think I know who is using internet it is Kim jong un
22:22 Syrian people should be given automatic Visas to every country without question for the next 20 years.
Propaganda channel: You talk about russian intervention in syria, BUT not even mention about who was behind "isis" and  also about direct intervention of British Empire, USA, Izrael, turkey, france.  Really does exist people which can't see what you did with that channel? Or maybe some people are so stupid to believe in jusrice and democracy other than money can buy? Why a USA online support (youtube) would act other way than own PROPAGANDA dictate, for their own imperial economical and political interests?
I appreciate the NK don't create loads of light pollution.
The same pic is shown to north Korea, further telling then how the whole south Korea is burning hell
So, what's all those lights on the coast of South Korea? How many passes does it take to generate these images? You'd be surprised. Not saying North Korea isn't dark. BUT, there's some misleading imagery here.
Wtf? Adelaide has a million population.........
u forgot about Crimea
Literally an awesome video, but my only complaint is that it took you 20 minutes to get to what was in the thumbnail
Cool
You seem to think it's bad but I bet those people don't have social media and cancel culture making them commit suicide.
Yes. The "civil wars" of the Middle East...
Australia, a very friendley country? 🤔🤔🤫
If combined then its korea
Its a shame that the argentinian railways are abandoned and in disrepair
Flat earthers are mad again
wtf North Korea is  a failed COMMUNIST state, whats wrong RLL? Have a soft spot for the red plague?
That photo is when North Korea had a blackout. It doesn't look like that usually.
Seeing those lights disappear in Yemen, Syria and Iraq saddens me to my core considering just how prosperous these places used to be in history. What the people living in these countries faced during those horrific times, I truly can't comprehend that and the lights disappearing shows that. Let's hope these places prosper again in the future (even if it takes a long time) and those lights reappear again.
"Subsaharan Africa appears far darker than it should be"  That's because N
25:29 The movie For Sama is another that I highly recommend. Its on YouTube
My city is only 38k people lol
Wouldn't really call North Korea fascist. While their Juche system definitely has a strong nationalist tendency, it's base is Marxism-Leninism. It's communism with out the whole workers of the world thing. Just workers of North Korea.
I was really glad you explained what was that tiny spot of light in the middle of Australia. I was literally staring at it and thinking what the heck and who in the right mind would live there. The whole 2 minutes since I saw it to the point of you explaining it.
N Korea most likely goes dark at night because the people are told that it will prevent US bombers from hitting their cities.
Minor correction: It is the Sierra Nevada and Cascade mountains that provide the primary rain shadow from Pacific rains in the West, not the Rockies. It is the area between the Rockies and Sierra Nevada/Cascades that is driest.
Did you change the thumbnail?
What is this music?
To anyone interested:  I took him up on the Nebula/Curiosity offer and watched four hours of videos about Afghanistan, and they were absolutely great!  My only complaint about Curiosity Stream is that it doesn't have the nifty Search option of YT. But the quality of the documentaries is exceptional. Go get it! Also, I am so glad this post showed the contrast between North and South Korea. The sad thing about the light vs dark is that the people of N Korea will never see this type of content with their state-controlled access to the Internet... very sad.  😒
It is interesting how what light tells us about current events. War, rural populations, totalitarian states can all be seen from space. Meanwhile population shifts and technological innovations and urban development can show us where the world is headed as it all is happening now in southeast Asia.   The North Korea image I believe is most famous because it is a totalitarian dictatorship that controls an plans even who has electricity. Planned economies are characteristic of Stalin and Khrushchev era communist states and that includes infrastructure.
Idk why Indonesia is changing they’re capital city…
Thumbnail change
Propaganda.
Glad to hear ISIS has been defeated... Guess my boys and I can go home now... lol
Is there any greater site than youtube? i dont believe so.
North Korea isn't facist it's communist
south korea is hardly democratic they just had a president put in jail and then pardoned lol
Hello, thank you for such a nice video. I just wonder where to get these night images if you like to share? thanks!
Hey quick question(s), and I'm asking as a student of history: how many tons of napalm did the US drop over northern Korea during the Korean War? What were some of their targets? Big fan of your videos :)
This photo actually doesn’t explain anything, if it did I would’ve understood this entire video from the thumbnail. Smh
Interesting. According to the titles and thumbnails the continental US explains all of history whereas Korea is just decades of history
The title of the video is so promising, but the analysis is extremely poor and judgmental. Couldn't stomach it!
Nicely mentioning who patented (not invented) light bulb while talking about electricity and NOT mentioning person who discovered electricity and transfer. Do not know why you did it, but it's obvious it's done on purpose.
You changed the thumbnail it use to be the USA at night
North Korea is literally hell
You showed that map of Australia and I thought to myself, "please talk about that random speck in the middle of the country."
fun fact: if u are reading this, u have electricity
Perth is only 600km from Australia’s biggest inland City, I Live there in Kalgoorlie Boulder …
You mean if you get the government off your back with less regulation they'll be more economic growth? Who'd have thought?
"How this 1 photo explains ALL of history"  "How this 1 photo explains decades of history"  "Why this photo explains ALL of history"
Bougainville is set to be independent in the next few years following their independence referendum from Paupa New Guinea.
holy shit my city (very small) was mentioned thats very rare
This video idea is literally stolen from neo
Ummm, North Korea isn’t fascist. It’s a totalitarian dictatorial state run (theoretically) by Socialist policy. Terrible place to live due to the political situation but not fascist.
the explores landed on the east not the west. Ur welcome :)
Guy from Aleppo over here. Just a correction, the rebel groups did not sure chemical weapons. And the Kurdish YPG isn't better than ISIS at all, but it's backed by Western politicians so people think it's cute.  Nice video nonetheless and I'll go watch the Nebula video, but for the general public, please make sure not to take sides just by watching a couple of videos cuz the real story is more complicated than it seems and goes back at least 50 years if not more.
Waiting for this photo that explain "everything" to explain if there is a God or not
2:02 In Afghanistan the tall mountains you are taking about are in the north east of the country not in the centre .
Every Canadian just started humming The Hip's 100th Meridian.
Well done, my friend. Well done.
“…with some of the peaks rising to as many as 24 thousand feet”  Me: cries in metric system 😭
Another great video. But at 20:15, North Korea is not a fascist state is a communist state. Both totalitarian repulsive regimes.
I have that same map on my wall
0:29 DOES SYRIA CONTROL THE ONGOING OCCUPATION ON PALESTINE AND LEBANON OR DOES THE OCCUPATION CONTROL SYRIA AND LEBANON?
8:28 no Raid Shadow ad? Surprising
Sorry mate but Darwin is the most remote capital city in Australia. Thanks for sharing 👍🏻👍🏻🙃🙃
Real life lore, where did you find this video idea?
Anybody who actually believes we live on the exterior surface of a spinning sphere of mostly water is an idiot.
9:18 Am from Pakistan :DDD
Borders are not arbitrary
North Korea is not facist - it's socialist/communist. Informational videos should be informational, not propagandist. Your videos are good and informative on many subjects, but the instant you begin to inject politics, your information becomes questionable at best.
calls north korea "fascist" but lets modi slip by as a great illuminator lmao
This video just reminds me of boating through the great lakes on tall ships... all shores of lake erie are lit up by big cities, and yet you look up and see absolutely beautiful night sky. Or if you are lucky... red sprites from supercell storms on the other end of the lake
Whoa
Japan and Russia connecting through that route is, to say the least, politically problematic.
No.
Lol this fool really called North Korea Fascist!?!? What an absolute tool. Lie all you want but they are and have always been a communist nation and no amount crying "but it wasnt real socialism!" is going to change that.
6:05 I was sitting there like: Please talk about Alice springs, please talk about Alice springs...
Dude said North Korea is fascist!?!?
I thought the South Korea part was emotional, but the Syrian light fading was mire than I expected.
This is incredible!
Pakistan is the Land and child of Indus in the same way as Egypt is the gift of Nile & that the Indus has provided unity, fertility, communication, direction & the entire landscape to the country. This is how Pakistan has been for 1000s of years.
I love Geography
Some countries: Leaving some area free India: *It's free real estate*
This may be accurate for all other countries, but not for Afghanistan. bro we still don’t have access to a stable electricity so no wonder you see no light there at night lmao 🤣
Although I have watched this video on channel neo already...but I still watched this cause ur added description!
Just wow video
If that giant metropolis in China is only 70m people. Where are all the other billions of people?
Thats a photo dude.
Fun fact: the vast majority of those railroad lines in Argentina were shut down between the 50s and 90s, so most of those towns have been slowly (or very quickly in some cases) dying since then. Oh, and in order to deliver agricultural products to our international ports, land transport needs to be done end to end by truck about 99% of the time. Gotta keep those truckers happy and that trucker union powerful and growing, so shut down those pesky railroad lines! Yay progress!  Guess how we've been doing for the past 70 years or so.
Imagine China lights up the Great Wall and we can see all of Great Wall of China from space
Because Right is better than left HEYOOOOO
How do you actually know if these rebels in Syria are actually "moderate"? For all we know they could be armed terrorists and the Syrian priminister has always looked good after every interview he has had after replying with good answers that make complete sence. The city of Aleppo has also since been mainly rebuilt again and the vast majority of the population having returned and most of that electricity there for being back on. This makes it a lot harder to believe that the Syrian government actually is a "regime" as most people wouldn't willingly come back to a regime. There for none of us actually can rightfully give an opinion as the narritive is what the new agency WANTS to represent as the reality and the media has often been known to lie especially in the US where you of course live yourself. For to just mindlessly and biasly assume one side of the argument to be fact by default would be a very ignorant thing to do.
Awesome, informative and very interesting
Syria Arab Army.. (Jeish Alrabi Alsouri) Liberated Aleppo From The Terrorists' Groups And All The Armed groups. No Nation Should Let an Armed Group take over a City and spread their Terrors. Salute to the SAA.
This man just called North Korea fascist? What?
Do the reunited"japanese empired
A lot of the negativity about the Syrian government is most likely propaganda and lies and western forces have infiltrated and created a proxy war. There never was a "revolution" which it just being a smear campaign against the Syrian government all in order to destabalise the country and allow America to steel their oil (which by the way they are STILL ocopying even now). This is because the anti government narative makes a alot less sence then that pro Syrian government narrative. Wich the "rebels" inastead being armed terrorists since there is not such a thing as a "moderate" rebel to begin which. The city of Aleppo has since been mainly rebuilt again and the vast majority of the population having returned and most of that electricity there for being back on. This contradicting the narrative of the Syrian government being a "regime". Either way in all honestly none of us actually can rightfully give an opinion in all honesty as none of us are from that country and so to biasly take one side of the argument as assumed fact would be very ignorant of us no matter what narritive we'd be supporting.
He said cities like Hong Kong!!! So he mentioned it as a Chinese city?!!!🤬
17:45 too center lighs look like a mini US
Like looking at cancer under a microscope
Okay but like, what's the brightly lit area that's almost due west of Fargo? My best guess is it's the Fort Berthold Reservation, but I'm curious as to why it's so lit up.
Video is seriously 25 minutes to long
Yes, Night map tells the story.
Well. For once it doesn't just tell you the good or developed or whatnot but it also Stresses how strong electric light is overall.   It's not a secret many don't feel well in all artificial light  room... Or that there is light pollution.   But it never really hit you that as we are losing starts in the skies, we are becoming the sky for the space.
Many lies about Syria have been presented here. Not surprised.
NK is communist, meaning it's ANTI-fascist.
The Peace Meditation Die Friedensmeditation. Old Lyran written as: Salome gam nan ben Urda - gan njber asala Hesporona! pronounced as: Saalome gam naan ben uurda gan njjber asaala hesporoona! English: Peace be on the Earth, and among all created creations! Deutsch: Friede sei auf der Erde, und unter allen Geschöpfen!
Omg the way you talk is so artificial. Every sentence have to be bombastic.......
oh look people. so what.
Funny how you describe North Korea as totalitarian and fascist, but not communist, which is the most important part.
If you had zoomed into the Brazilian state of São Paulo, you could clearly see the lights following the road network, spreading out from the capital, São Paulo city.
If racism was a map....
The Interior Northwest of the US has a very similar light/railroad pattern
America opened dark mode for west america
Cant believe u didnt speak about east and west berlin being visible because east berlin had dimmer lights
Amazing video! hats off to your hard wokr@
Did he just say that north Korea is a fascist country!!!!! That's dumb
Amazing
Fuck man those comparison pictures of Syria really hit me,
Good job! 👍
This was extremely informative entertaining and insightful wow
Afghanistan is like that not because of mountains. It's like that because white people divided the middle east for their benefit and not according to the people that lived there.
Bro more lighted area not shows that tere are more lights it means that the area is developed
I'm surprised you didn't mention Saudi Arabia's involvement in the destruction of Yemen
Alice spring should be the capitol and them force railroads to the center
the US is the disease of this world
Does anybody know what those field of light off the coast of korea are. Not oil rigs for sure. Boats, fishing fleets or some kind of algae?
I'm VERY bright, that's  why my Dad calls me son...... I'm a go ahead and leave. It's cool if I use the front door to see myself out?
Barack Obama destroyed Syria
Appreciate your hard work
no Southeast Asia, damn I was expecting to know more about the changes in my country
Promoting modi on election.
Eye opening, beautiful and satisfying content.
Happy for South Sudan. Darfur saved!
This is without a doubt one of the best videos I have ever seen...demonstrating the extent of the impact humans have had on our planet/natural world, and just how pivotal geography has been to human settlements over time.  The sheer variety of locations and examples you cited was impressive as well.  I'm blown away 👏.  Your material is incredible...please keep it up with the thought provoking content!
Could've mentioned Bunbury for the WA bit of Australia like come on its big enough 87k 2nd biggest city in the state outside of Perth
This was an excellent video.  To think There are Americans requesting a civil war…it would be devastating for the United States nation that most likely not have America survive…….
Awesome
7:55  Pretty sure those cities make a line that traces pretty close to Interstate 35 also.
7:52 HE SAID OMAHA!  HE SAID OUR NAME! :D  SOMEONE TALKED ABOUT US!
21:00 Why call it a civil war? Feb 2, 2022 The Saudi-led coalition launched 38 raids on the governorates of Marib, Taiz, Al-Jawf, Hajjah, and Abyan during the past hours. The coalition launched 17 missiles on Al-Wadi, Al-Juba, Madghal, and Raghwan districts in Marib, and conducted two raids on Jabal Habashi District in Taiz, southwest of Yemen. The Saudi-led coalition conducted eleven airstrikes in the districts of al-Hazm, Khub and Al-Shaaf, and Al-Maslub in Al-Jawf, northeastern Yemen, and six air raids in the districts of Haradh and Abs in Hajjah, western Yemen, and two raids on Aqabat Halhal in Lauder District, Abyan Governorate, southern Yemen.
Oh 😯
Please explain to me why north Korea is fascist? I'm waiting.
Very interesting video.  History was my least favorite subject in school.  Had this video " 1 Picture that Explains All of History" exist back then, it would have saved me a lot of agony as the history class would only need to meet once in the entire semester.
Quite possibly one of the most fascinating documentaries I’ve ever seen.
Can not find your videos on curiosity.
When I see electric bulbs glowing during night ,I often start counting houses and try  to guess the population.
Wow we are so small compared to Jesus Christ Son of the Living Designer of  everything God
Wow!! Amazing video!!!
Thank you for sharing.
An important thing to note is the Korean Armistice Agreement did not end the Korean war. A peace treaty was never signed, so there was no official end to the war, only an end to open conflict. Another more minor thing is that North Korea is not fascist, but it's also not communist. It has a completely unique and utterly horrific system of government, known in North Korea as the Juche ideology. It was created by the Kim family and has been forced on the citizens, completely brainwashing the population over the decades. The closest way to describe it could be a form of extreme nationalism with some hints of the old Japanese fascist ideology.
Alice Springs is where the Afghans brought camels into Australia and built the first Mosque in Australia.
RLL: "With peaks rising over 24 thousand" Me: "kilometers?!?!?" RLL: "feet" Me: "oh right, Americans.."
Borders are not arbitrary or random 🤭🤭🤭
As someone who is from Perth, I get happy every time either you or Sam from Wendover mention it as I feel like it often gets forgotten
you know me i like history
I'm so glad you explained the single dot in the center of Australia. That would have bothered me for days 😂
Plot twist: this is the earth under a blacklight
Hundredth Meridian???
When I saw the "black marble" at the start showed significant sources of light in north-western Australia, I wondered if this would be noticed and corrected.  Fortunately it seems you chose a more accurate image for the detailed section about Australia.  The bright lights are from gas fields and mining operations, and not indicative of populated areas!  Just thought I'd point it out so it didn't go unnoticed!
Excellent video, I feel like this could be so much longer, so much to digest
North Korea is dark because its rustic mountainous terrain.  You clarified that in america, Russia, Afghanistan, Australia, Argentina, but you chose to go on a pathetic tirade about fascism in north korea. pathetic the way you incriminate certain groups while totally ignoring US hostility and insidious interference in these places. But you choose to demonize others.pathetic. You ignore 50% of truth, geography and history in your over the top US fascist hysteria.
One of the richest countries on the planet is the darkest spot on earth, definitely says a lot about the nature of our species
19:17 Just didn't notice the difference in lights in Korea, You can notice the difference in ppl. You have these big guys on the South w/access to all this food and these tiny guys on the North that dont!
Why cant I see the date these videos are posted on the video?
If I learned one thing from this, it's that Narendra Modi is not the unredeemable character that many, mostly Left Wing Americans make him out to be.
U should have linked that night map in the description
That part of the Pakistani river looks beautiful and clean.  I hope it all is.
Telescope just a racist
Shut up..us army is responsible for devastation of Syria.. Apartheid channel..you deserve a report..🤬🤬
Was waiting for North Korea to come up 🥺 man that’s so depressing and the entire world just watches.
Did you really just call North Korea fascist instead of communist
This is beautiful. I'm sharing it with my friends and family. Thank you!
23:42, look deep and hard at the face of a mass murderer and the face of the most selfish person in the 21st century.
what was the music used
How could you not say anything about the Mighty Tuvalu 😤💪🇹🇻
This is an absolutely delightful presentation. Thank you!
One thing, talking about India and showing only solar power panels may give a false impression. Over 80%of India's energy needs are met by three fuels: coal, oil and solid biomass.
North Korea is not in any way fascist. There are no mega corporations that fund North Korea. It's completely socialist/communist as self-proclaimed and founded. It was literally funded and protected by the Soviets and politically inspired by Mao's utopian communist dreams.
The Alice Springs information was interesting, but it overly focussed on Pine Gap. The biggest industry for Alice Springs is tourism, not the 800 military personnel. Uluru is really close to it so many tourists visit via Alice Springs.
20:11 Did I hear that correctly?...Did he call North Korea fascist??? Their ideology is Juche Socialism, not Fascist...
7:55  Where the Great Plains begin!  DRIVING DOWN A COURDOROY ROAD!  WEEDS STANDING SHOULDER HIGH!
Although you and your friend covered much ground in your videos, you missed something interesting about Canada, the second-largest country in the world. Most people tend to think settlement is fairly evenly dispersed. But in fact, most (90%) Canadians live within 200Km of the US border, and you can see this on the "Black Marble" map, which is easily noticeable.  This is for three reasons: primarily climate; the further south you go the more optimal for settlements and the north is just not hospitable enough. Second, the US is our largest trading partner. Third, early settlement was mainly in the east around the Great Lakes (which is mainly where the lights are clustered) and then a second phase was the settlement of the west, which followed the rail lines (which mainly parallel the border to the south).
If they do find life somewhere else, they'll probably rape and pillage it for capital gain
It's always strikes me as hollow when someone uses "war crimes" in a sentence. As if war itself isn't a crime in the first place. After there's a war going on what's the difference? Some politician's interpretation of better or worse? This massacre is ok but this one over here is a crime? Ridiculous.
Those beautiful lights really do a lot to make you forget about all of the genocides that happened under them.
This video made me cry…..i served in Iraq and i had such high hopes for that ppl but when i saw “the lights go out,” i knew what it meant. I saw friends die and burn in humvees. I hoped that we made a difference
Rio grande doesn't need BLK lights we enjoy the 🌚 but anyways the idea is one does not simply simply over power the simple. Meek amen
I'm a simple man  If I hear retard units used I dislike the video regardless of content presented
North Korea is communist, not fascist
An interesting video, but you could do without the gushing and hyperbole. The map does not explain "ALL of history". Far, far from it. You don't have to hype everything up.
Google Maps needs to implement a "night mode." Also it would be nice if they had a, summer, spring, fall, and winter imagery toggle.
Wow....this was really fascinating and exceptionally well done.  Bravo!
ye tho sunghi nikla
NK has a single dot in Pyongyang
Could you please make a Video about the lake toba eruption
"can you see any border from up here? What has border given us?"   "We're going to start over from scratch. That's what the V2 is for."   "I should have died that day. But I didn't. I dragged my wounded body, and reached ground zero of the nuclear detonations. A barren, empty land. I felt an unbearable sadness when I witnessed that landscape. There were still people living there. They were the ones that saved me. It may be true that the world has no need of borders. But would getting rid of them really change anything? The world won't change for the better unless we trust people. Trust is vital in a peaceful world. But that will never happen.   I'm still on the battlefield. Right now I'm near a border. I want to see for myself what borders really mean and what their volition really is... I may not find what I'm looking for but I still wanna try.   Anyway, that's what I've come to believe and I think that's enough.   Will he see this video? If you do meet him, give him a message for me. Yo, Buddy. Still alive? And thanks friend. See you again"
You always make sponsered videos to ger money👍🏼
where i can get the map
Your content > other Youtube (excluding Sam from Wendover Productions, though!)
Wooow hold on there buddy thats not just Fort Worth that also Dallas aka the DFW metroplex if Dallas were not there fort worth alone would be hardly visible .  Shout out DFW.
20:45 nobody's talking about how the seas surrounding the Korean peninsula are swarming with glittering lights all over? What are these?
..... Maybe because the country started in the east coast and gradually moved West. That's why there's more cities ,lights , trains  and blah blah blah in the west. Done
Don't forget the afghan civil war olso the Syrian civil war OK
Africa still a sh!thole. Trump was right.
The amount of Light pollution is so sad..  😥😥 No one should celebrate those pictures. Light Pollution is just as bad if not worse than air pollution.
Real question. You’re clearly American, so why are you using kilometers?
How cool our India looks🇮🇳
A real suggestion: Please translate your imperial units to metric ones, so we have both. I am not bothering to pause and tab out multiple times during a video to look up what "24000 feet" or other stuff translates to. The imperial system countries only make up around 5% of the world population. Please be so kind and think of the other 95%. It's not a lot of work and adds a real lot!
u could have talked bout italy :(
I wonder how much of this contributes to global warming. All those light bulbs already affect bugs like moths. With more and more brightness, surely some significant heat is being generated too?
I had a teacher in high school who travelled to South Korea for something and he said when he was on a plane at night, one side was pitch black while the other side had light.
It's obviously the rash our planet has got of the virus "humanity". We see in one picture, how sick Earth is.
I wonder why East Coast Is more popular
From which country this channel belong a to....??????
This video is  too much in speed ... We , hindiwasi , face too much hurdles... 😁😁😁😁😁😁😁Really
RLL’s videos are always a masterpiece!
I believe nothing NASA says
This was a very popular video by Neo, always wished for an updated version of it, and RLL delivered it.️
It's not the gas flares that light up the oil rigs, it's all the safety lights.
Just proud to be an indian, 0urcountry is developing really fast   Also the stark difference between north korea and south korea as well as affectofwar in Syria is so heartbreaking   Hope that north Koreans and Syrians can live in peace and democracy in the future
There was a last day when our planet was dark, now some of us complain about our own man made light pollution. But one day our planet will eventually go dark once again and will not light back up again...
You forgot to mention Turkish and Israeli destroying Siria.
Java island have more people than Russian and the light is pretty bright as welll
Modi, bringer of light and toilets.
You sound so fucking stressed holy shit get a new narrator
Oh my god the amount of advertising. I swear I just watched a 10 minute curiousity stream ad in a 26 minute video. Dude we get it. Curiosity stream. You use it. You have a code for it. If you repeat what it is 10 times across the video it won't make their service anything different. This just pushed me away from ever buying it. God I hate this type of agressive I've advertising. The whole reason we turned away from tv to youtube was less ads. Now that cancer is here too. Give me your add im the beginning or at the end and let me enjoy the show. Seriously this just damaged curiosity streams reputation in my eyes.
Time stamp 1:15 Our world is not over-populated, like so many say...... there is plenty of room for more.
Just "liking" isn't enough to convey how much I enjoyed this video. This is the best video you've ever made.
Afghanistan, about the Taliban- RLL: Shut up
20:16 "fascist state"? Really?
Kinda sus how the thumbnail is nearly identical to the video hai just posted..
Loved the long episode!!!!
Africa would be better with colonization, Thankfully China is going to make it great again
what do you guys think of air pollution
Are you sure Pine Gap to me seems like it was built being a big giant middle finger to the indigenous peoples seeing as how it was built on some of the most sacred ground in all of Australia not a surprise from the Americans seeing what they did to Mount Rushmore...
15:24 they have vehicles but not electricity 🙂
Hmm? Why'd you call North Korea fash, when it's communist?  I mean, granted, the difference between the two is less than that between 2 sects of Christianity. But still.
What are those rectangulare lights south of south korea and japan?  seen at 19:32
This was a very popular video by Neo, always wished for an updated version of it, and RLL delivered it.♥️
India is so bright 👽
Best voice keep it up
the DPRK is all but self admittedly communist despite being nationalistic. Its unique brand of socialism is still socialism
19:05 Daaamn, South Koreans sure like to [BOAT]
Why are the Swiss Alps so bright ?
Nice video, but please could you choose imperial OR metric units for your scales. Mountains in feet and railways in KM is a little jarring. P.s. I vote for metric...
Ah no Alaska coverage!? Still a great vid, alot of effort brother, God bless.
Very interesting, but nothing is clear)))
Tesla has invented lightbulb. Tesla made more efficiant versuon but Edison patented it as his own patent as much as i know.
Good analysis but you mistakenly stated that Afghanistan has 24000  in the center but in reality there is no mountain with the height of 24000 ft in the center, the only mountains which are above 22500 ft are on the border between Pakistan and Afghanistan.
One of the best videos and Informations .almost perfectly analyzed different global conditions with the visuals of night lights
Auch,. already after 38 seconds a major mistake ... Russia-Ukraine dispute on Crimea.
Would you mind at least putting a conversion from feet to meters on the screen? I (and most of the people using normal units on this planet) have no freaking clue how high 24.000 feet is… might as well say it’s 80.000 carrots high…  Edit: Wait later in the video you switch over to Kilometers for railway lengths… like… I don’t understand the thought process behind this… so first your US audience had an idea on what heights we’re talking about, while the rest of the world was completely in the dark… and now the rest of the worlds knows what lengths we’re on about, but the US has to grab a calculator… So now nobody understands can grasp the video without having to google unit conversions…   I’m sorry but this just seems like a moronic way to go about it…
Correction: North Korea 🇰🇵 isn’t fascist. They are communist.
Simply MINDBLOWING!!!
Please mention Neo in description. That video deserves it.
I've really enjoyed the evolution of my youtube experience over the last decade from listical clickbait videos to deep geopolitical analysis
6:07 That place looks like the perfect Horror movie location.
wow, you just described North Korea as a facist state. culture wars over geographic facts
Needed a upgraded version of Neo's video. And... I Got It !! Thanks and love to you Joseph ❤️😀.
Man, seeing Aleppo is terrible.
India looks the brightest 😍
Very disingenuous of you to call North Korea a "Fascist State" when it is in fact a COMMUNIST state. It's ok to call things what they actually are as we all know Communism is every bit as evil as fascism is.
Great video buddy !!!!
And yet there are idiots in India saying modi Government hasn't done a single good thing
East Coast: why in the west there's no light  West Coast: Wë äŔę ïÑ THė đÊŞéŕŢ ýöÙ ĐĪŃğŮss
I really want to see Indian map during Diwali night
USA East for Extroverts and West for Introverts
If this Map was a teacher he would be named mr lightbulb OK glass to day were learning about titanic
I live in India how can I buy nebula and curiosity stream deal  I am not able to buy it
The United States itself! What does that signify? 🤔🤫
India 10:45
But,why is this is only shown in cgi. Google city at night from plane...
Sanghi life lore(sarcasm)
In my opinion this is the greatest video you’ve ever produced.
@20:14 North Korea is totalitarian Communist - not Fascist.
An uncle of mine lives in Perth and was a federal senator for the state of West Australia in his younger years, and honestly, I admire those Aussies who live at a REAL FRONTIER!
Scenes of old urban China are mostly of HK which before 1997 was a British colony.
20:14 - communist, not fascist otherwise great video terrible the reasons why lights go out
Only one politician was shown and praised i.e Narendra Modi Modi ji ke jai 🚩🚩 Indian subcontinent 💕 Jai Sri Ram 🚩🚩🚩🚩
Interesting take on North Korea, calling it a fascist state.
13:29 not 300,000, it was 30,000.
North Korea is being environmentally friendly.
Too scared to call north korea communist are you
Man just laid into North Korea
Very enlightening video 😯
Thank you for this video, my group is undergoing studying light pollution 🙏
Man humanity really is like a bacteria, that looks a lot like a petri dish.
profesor kim jong un reducing light polution
It's quite an irony..now that most of the world's population is lighted..a lot of people(like me) in major cities yearn for some darkness in the night..esp to get a view of the stars in the sky! While the "lucky" 10% who have no access wishing for some artificial light
Thanks
Did I already know most of this? Yes, am I still watching it anyway? Also yes.
California department of food and agriculture notes that California is the world's 5th largest supplier of food and agriculture commodities!
Actually for Pakistan another thing you forgot was that when millions of people migrated from India to Pakistan, they settled in the nearby cities of Punjab provinces and Sindh provinces, because these are similar to the culture and language spoken in Indian provinces on the other side of the border. Karachi alone received 2 million people in migration, so much so that the local Sindhis became a minority in their own city! Anyways, none of these migrants would travel to Peshawar or Quetta or Gilgit, but rather nearby economic cities like Lahore, Multan, Karachi, Hyderabad. Also another reason for the lights being centred around the Indus is that the Indus plain (Punjab and Sindh) has always been fertile and good for cultivation thus high populations. Also post independence Pakistani cities in this region experienced a population explosion, like Karachi went from 400,000 to 16 million, similarly Lahore went from a few hundred thousand to almost 12 million now! The governments have largely spend their funds in this region, causing millions of Pakistanis to migrate from Baluchistan and KPK province to Cities of Punjab and Sindh. So unlike Egypt, Pakistan is not that much dependent on the Indus, because we not only have other major rivers like Ravi, Jhelum, Sutlej, Chenab etc but Pakistan is experiencing rapid industrialisation, and slowly agriculture is playing a less and less part in our economy! So the Indus, while it is super historic for Pakistans development, and will continue to be in the future, we are not that much dependent on it
Why would YouTube not allow a video further explaining Syria? Genuinely curious.
Great Video!
this was so amazing. Every indian should see the part from 10:00 min to see the change current government has brought
North Korea is a communist state
Hey use correct map of India😡😡
Right now I really want to meet you but I’m young so I wouldn’t be able too and I’m tearing up because I’ve watched you for so long
Hey the map of India is not correct 😡😡 Parts of India is shown in Pakistan territory 😑😑
The battle of stalingrad was fought between the home nation and a foreign power, while here the battle of aleppo is faught between Syrian government and rebels.
It's like:: Java vs Indonesia
1:42 lol NILE is glittering river
The Philippines as an agricultural and a third world country will soon soar high to skies like an eagle and will roar as the Tiger of Asia and will soon be a Great Nation Again!!!😍♥️💚🐅🦅👏🙏🇵🇭💯
Guess you could put those videos on Rumble and they'd be allowed and monetized.
2020 in Australia must have been very bright
Thats not a real picture
1:20  But I can just play solar smash and  See that map .
It looks like a disgusting, pale, image of our night sky. Technology was a massive mistake.
Is there a way to download or use this map (black marble/earth at night)?
Awful camera angle to show maps.
👍🏻👍🏻
"Modi" happened in India- changed india in many ways
I 35 corridor in the middle of the US
Hi
I would argue the main reason why the Midwest is less densely populated isnt Climate, but rather how the United states developed, and the fact that a lot of the midwest is in fact farmland, with a lot of the western states being large Cattle states as well. Farmland = more space which equal less space. Take Georgia for example, the lights are in the north, being Atlanta; almost all the farmland is in south, and guess what, a lot less light. The United states for a large period pre manifest destiny, before the Louisiana purchase which is close to was where that line cuts off, was solely in the East. Thanks to that being where everyone was, and the Industrial revolution taking place during that time lead to it being the most populated part of the state simply do to it having more jobs. Climate is the smallest part of the equation IMO.
You refer to N. Korea as a "fascist" state. Can a state be both communist and fascist at the same time?
> North Korea  > “fascist”  What a stupid fucking take. North Korea is a communist state. Communism is diametrically opposed to fascism ideologically. Do not call North Korea fascist just because fascism has become the western buzzword to describe any authoritarian regime. Communism killed tens of millions of people by the most conservative estimates, far exceeding the most liberal estimates for fascism. Both types of regime are evil, yes. But they are not equatable.
i forgot to turn of my porch ligh  dang
hmm okay
Why do your videos seem COMPUTER GENERATED?
Mmm... Why are we saying the Korean war ended? There still exists the DMZ for a reason. The war never technically ended.
This was a very popular video by Neo, always wished for an updated version of it, and RLL delivered it.♥️
This Was A Good Video Until U  Got Political Get Oh yeah
30th on trending baby!🙌❤️
Spoiler: it's clickbait and things are, as usual, much more complicated.
The part about Alice Springs makes it seem like Pine Gap is the reason for the town. The town has actually existed for much longer than Pine Gap and for a few good reasons. It's  long been a stopover for the rail line connecting Darwin on the north coast to Adelaide on the south coast. It was founded as part of the Overland Telegraph Line. It's also a popular tourist destination.
I live in the right side
Well people are leaving in sities. We all know it
part 2?
It's kinda poetic that the more lights we emit from the surface the harder it is to see spaces brilliance but from space it gets better to see our lights from the surface.
The earth is flat with a hole in the middle at the north pole, just like a CD. Get it, Got it, Good!
RIP Afghanistan. Let's go, Brandon.
Having been to Hong Kong once when I was 19 about 13 years ago - I can believe that many people live there. My clothes and even my bag came back smelling of pollution.
in short, nobody wants to live in the desert with a dying water supply
🇵🇭😎🇰🇷🇰🇾🇭🇲
That’s embarrassing to hear from sb who has such big yt channel that North Korea is fascist….
Another great country to see is Brazil, where you can clearly perceive where the Amazon rainforest is located, presenting a huge dark area with almost half of the brazilian territory
Awesome video. Thanks!
What's that in the water off the coast of S. Korea?
nebula is actually really cool
Imagine a time lapse from the beginning of human civilization to present day using history (prior to the creation of satellites, pictures can be illustrated based from history).
Sanghi Real Life Lore.. 🔥❤️🚩🕉️
2:43 is wrong afgans call home to Turkey
amazing video
Putting the photos of Syria side by side is a more effective anti-war statement than anything the media has ever shed on the conflict. Being told hundreds of thousands are dead is one thing but having a visual like that to show it is another thing entirely. I’m holding back tears trying to type this out.
This is an incredible video concept executed perfectly.
Central Afghanistan is indeed mountainous, but those 24k peaks are not in the middle of the country but in the east. The middle of that ring is more like 12-13k.
I think this is my favorite vid from this channel. Great presentation about an interesting topic
This was a very popular video by Neo, always wished for an updated version of it, and RLL delivered it.♥
Indian part is true🙏🙏🙏❤
Drier more arid west. Have you ever heard of Oregon and Washington?
Not much city in the mountains california is next to mountains.
North Korea is not fascist lol
Leftist libtards of India won't like this video LoL
North Korea are communist not fascist
proud of my prime minister Mr. Narendra Modi
thats just the global player count map on black ops 2
australia with a doom device in the center. yay
but N Korea is communist, not fascist
Great video, but you did not just call North Korea fascist😂
Probably my favourite video you've ever made. Superb 🙏👏🙏👏🙏
ah yes the fascist state of Korea aka best Korea
Actually, photographing graveyards and ruins will tell you more about human history
This map is basically a map of population densities(which is not new) combined with development but in dark mode with good contrast. Maybe thats way people are fascinated by it🤔
Segment about India is misleading
Can you talk slowly pls
May God be with Syria, Iraq, Yemen, and all suffering countries..
I like how easily you can recognize portland in oregon because  it's the biggest dot there XDDDD
This map reminded me of halo3 multiplayer background
Come on europe should have got more time. Talk about po valley in Italy
My guy just get to the point 😭
20:20  North Korea is a joke compared to the rest of the world 🤣
I want to go far with your love.  If you stay with me, I will see you on the field of victory one day.  Just want your loveI want to go far with your love.  If you stay with me, I will see you on the field of victory one day.  Just want your লভে I want to go far with your love.  If you stay with me, I will see you on the field of victory one day.  Just want your loveI want to go far with your love.  If you stay with me, I will see you on the field of victory one day.  Just want your লভেন্দন্দন্দন্দফনফনফনফনফনফ
Actually really interesting that presence or absence of light can tell so much. Really good topic. I like different, educational content. I don't want to watch, for example, d day landing videos all the time. I hate content creators who just use trending terms to make videos to get views. You've done a good job building this channel with good content and I sincerely praise you
19:17 suspicious white man chilling with the N Koreans.
Кто бы не много кэш на пиццу подкинул?
Dallas fort worth
"Resembled the battle of Stalimgrad" Dont get to carried away now.
Hi, here once again to complain about the lack of non-creditcard options for Curiosity Stream. It's getting a bit pathetic to be honest.
When did North Korea change them regime to fascist? Aren't they kommunist? Are we clear that the 2 is not properly the same, they are similar but not the same!
during tartaria, the whole continent was lit, via free energy hahajhahaaaaahahaha
i would actually love to see a video about the story about syria, its complicated as fuck but its interesting and i cant only feel bad for them, specially the women there, i love the map at night, my favorite for sure, curiosity stream is one the stream services i actually want but cant yet
This was a very popular video by Neo, always wished for an updated version of it, and RLL delivered it.️
Modi really said - let there be light!
a lot of political garbage included in this video. you should have stick to the original idea, who destroyed Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, Syria? who divided the Korean peninsula?
North Korea is a communist and socialist state
hey Johnny your videos are amazing, i eagerly want to know that hoe you research and write script about your videos. please tell me. i also want to learn that. thanks for that videos. I've learned a lot from your videos. please make a video on this topic also and tell me how & where can I learn this like you do in your every video. Thank You
interesting idea, well done :)
Are you afraid of death?  Read this carefully for the cure ;   Every one of us has sinned against God. We’ve lied, we’ve stolen, we’ve sinned sexually, and we’ve taken His name in vain; which makes us liars, thieves, fornicators and blasphemers ... Yet this is only four of our many transgressions .  The problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good works because God is perfect in Holiness, meaning his standard is beyond our reach. He is also perfect in Justice, meaning, he will bring EVERY sin to light. The punishment for our sin is death, and Hell; a place of Eternal Fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth .  Fortunately God is also perfect in Love; so 2000 years ago, he left his throne in heaven, and came to earth as a man named Jesus Christ. While here, he lived a perfectly righteous life, only to take the punishment that We deserved; Our sinless creator became our sin, and endured a gruesome death on a cross. In doing so, his blood was shed to wash us clean of our transgressions . Right before he died, he said ‘it is finished’ .. meaning, the debt for our sins has been paid in full. And on the third day, he defeated death and rose from the grave. So now, we can go free from the wrath of God’s judgement not by earning it, but rather, as a free gift of grace ..  Except gifts can be either accepted or rejected. So this is what you must do in response ;   Humbly admit to God that you have sinned against him. Then, confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, and your Savior. ( Romans 10:9 ) .   Do this, and you will be saved .  If you do so sincerely, God will grant you a new heart which no longer finds comfort in sin, but instead desires to read and obey his word, the holy bible. He will also grant you Eternal life in his presence; The greatest pleasure on earth doesn’t even come close to what God is preparing for believers in the afterlife .  You’ve been informed ; Now the choice is yours. What you do with this information will determine where you will be for ETERNITY.. Meaning, this is the single most critical decision you will EVER make .  Jesus Christ awaits you this very moment. Do not put off surrendering your life to him, because your tomorrow isn’t guaranteed... and as it is written ( Hebrews 9 : 27 ) ;  ‘It is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, THE JUDGMENT’.
A picture of me eating at home also explains the history of mankind
Love from India
I love modi
The most recent change to the world map occured in eastern Europe when Russia annexed the Crimean peninsula.
The most recent change to the world map occured in eastern Europe when Russia annexed the Crimean peninsula.
I am so proud 🇮🇳 Indian
Why are the waters in Korea so lit up?
tarumlüg rutangisnetauq  Programmierer der Master K. I.                       .-.-.-
You just committed a mistake about North Korea. It's technically not a Facist state, but a communist state, but you can tell communist and fascist as the very same thing...
Thank you for your work
18:40 communism darkness compared to Free world brightness. But still there are people choosing the darkness of communism...
No wonder the Nile is so polluted
Everytime i see this map , i wish to go in a dark area to see the sky without light pollution .
North korea is communist monarchy.
This is the best way to understand the world on a map.
"The best way to understand a country is by seeing the Light or The absence of it" I agreed with that statement...
One of the best videos ive seen on your channel, very fascinating
20:15 THANK YOU for calling north Korea "fascist" and not "communist" if they were anything close to socialist or communist they'd have railways, lights, electricity, etc. because what little government there was (if any) would be working for the people and not for corporations (that are largely headed in the us, Europe, or china) communism means "stateless, classless, and moneyless, built on mutual aid and automation" and is the opposite of fascism
North Korea is a totalitarian COMMUNIST state!   Why this channel went out of their way to describe it in every other negative way except stating "communist" makes me wonder.  They don't want to offend China?  Cowards!
Best video you've ever made
Wow, he literally opens up with an ad. No Preamble ... nothing ...   Gaw! That's the worst!
Moscow looks like a star over Eurasia
Well not everything happened in America so I wouldn’t say all of history
"Ley-gose," not "lai-gos"
Good video, but North Korea isn't fascist, it's communist
Well sponsored by Narendra modi🤣🤣🤣
if tesla had his way everyone would have had free electric
Alright I’m gonna have to check out nebula, YouTube sucks
aronoumen
"The darkness of North Korea is indicative of the inefficient totalitarian facist state" - the author has never heard of sanctions.
Plzz make a video on why all indians live everywhere in the country
Amazing work as always. I have been following your channel for more than a year now. I am really passionate and want to start a similar channel of storytelling for Indian audience. Can you help me in regards to tools that you use for creation/editing and resources from where you learnt it. It would really help me out as I start out.
India is quite evenly populated throughout its landmass especially among the big countries(US, Canada, China, etc.), it's quite cool actually. btw as with India - Pakistan border the border between India and Bangladesh is also fully illuminated. So you can actually see the silhouette/outline of Bangladesh at night which is really cool.
Light pollution.
North korea is not facist state, its communist state
The product of darkness in Africa is the result from the dark history Europeans and Americans try to conceal from the world.
This is my favorite video you made so far
Bro north korea is commie not fascist
What are those huge swaths of light just off the coast of South Korea? Can't be oil fields here, too, right?
pakistan india border isn't arbitrary it's a religious border if it wasn't there there'd be very many lives lost to the violence that would follow
Great video too bad it was ruined by propaganda at the end (Syrian conflict).
Well... I'm happy I can still see some constellations during night time in my city
And that’s why I live in Perth
Ayee jit on trending🔥🔥
The highly illuminated Nile River of Egypt and Indus River in Pakistan are so fascinating and tell you a lot about civilizational pattern, and ofcourse it makes a lot of sense.
18:15 spectacularily
Wow, so cool.
20:15 Great mistake. North Korea isn't fascist. It is a communist regime.
Who is creating and compiling these maps?
Johnny Harris would love this video
so that picture explains the formation of the earth and the sun.. hmm, seems legit
What's the background beat name?
Aliens looking at the earth and saying this planet has lava everywhere that's why they are not coming 😉
Modi government 🇮🇳🇮🇳❤
Deserts look very.........Deserted.
People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy.  Tony Robbins
2.5x as many people watch your videos as live in perth
*sees thumbnail* I think it's the desert in that area
I'd buy CS and Nebula immediately if you did a PS5 app as I use it not only for games but an entertainment centre. Please bring the console app ASAP so I can subscribe!  Great video by the way too!
Huge respect for Mr. Modi 🇮🇳
The word "fascist" means so many different things to different people, it's not informative to call North Korea fascist. North Korea is socialist though, both in its laws and its collectivist practices. Precision is important.
usa used spy sattelites on india in 1998  and india conducted the nuclear tests hidden from even these sattelites
I like your video bro you have many learn than me and other i feel satisfied bro
Correction: a major reason why the west of the USA has fewer lights than the east is because the federal government owns much more land in the west than the east. When the United States was being formed, it was thought at first that most land would belong to the States, but as the country continued to expand west it didn't give as much land to the States. Places like Nevada have vast amounts of land held by the federal government used for testing bombs.  While weather might explain some of the reason why the West isn't more populated, it would be hard to say that it being illegal to inhabit most of the west has no impact.
20:14 Did I miss a memo? When did North Korea change from communist to fascist?
modi still trash
What blew my mind is a politician campaigning for electricity. Its something we take for granted in the west.
Holy shit. The Nile is a civilization glow stick.
North Korea facist????wtf 🤣🤣
what about europe and brazil??
Insightful video. Explained very well.👏😊 9:40 - you have mentioned Hyderabad near Karachi. Gujarat state is near Karachi. Hyderabad location is not there. It's in SE direction in India.
The Japan-Russia railway connection is merely a proposal, rather than planned, and not only that but one that isn't going to to materialise into anything any time soon given the current relations between the two countries regarding those northern islands.
Nearly all of the Nuclear Power Stations in the US are in the lit section lol!
20:20 you mispronounced Communist.
India was electrified under the Congress government and not Narendra Modi government which came to power in 2016. Big mistake. However I don't understand why the makers of this video felt the need to be political about it and getting it wrong in the bargain. Better give credit where it is due- thats my request
Looks like human infestation.
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping people from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
Lol you said North Korea is fascist instead of communist
Really first time watched n love you so much!!!!!!
Arabian Gulf* Palestinian shores*
Actually just at night people sleep and close lights THATS WHY THEY ARE NOT VISIBLE TURNING ON LIGHTS. USE YOUR COMMON SENSE
I was in the navy station in Japan. There are so many fishing boats that it looks like cities on the seas.
#8 on trending right now. I can tell your channel is gonna blow up. Thanks for the videos, RLL!
Might be getting mixed up with the population of South Australia Adelaide and South Africa Adelaide me think 🤔
How this 1 Title already tells us how good and interesting this video will be, as well as RealLifeLore overall
Adelaide’s population is a little bit more than 100,000.
North Korea is communist. Were Stalin and Mao and Xi also fascist? Good channel but so much woke non-sense sometimes.
Nobody talks about Indonesia. A very big country with the only Java Island is bright.
Everybody are ignoring the small sparks of lights in oceans?
The thumbnail is dumb. Anyone with a little knowledge knows why it's brighter in the eastern United states
North Korea fascist? I think the word you’re looking for is COMMUNIST
Fuck nebula!
Har har modi ghar ghar modi
What a brilliant video, so informative (I'm not being sarcastic), thanks very much for creating.
just like our ancient Egyptian ancestors, we've always lived by the Nile river!
15:45 "Sub-Saharan Africa appears far darker than it should be" wow
Europe: exists RLL: im gonna pretend i didnt see that
congrats on the 0 dislikes
Fascinating. Lots of new information.
Hyderabad is in indian city and not a Pakistani city. Islamabad is what you were trying to say i guess.
This is way cool my first time seeing a lot map like that was halo 3 on the online and then I see the real one and wow dude so cool lol
Should also mention that a lot of the lights in Australia are actually bush fires.
Adelaide has 100000 population? try 1.350 million. Its more impressive that you have two cities  with nothing in between.
As an indian I feel proud
These lights get super bright in concentrated areas because everyone wants to live in big cities, while I avoid them like the plague & prefer to be a faint dot of a small rural town.
I like that your "dark" arrow is kind of pointing at Las Vegas, by far the most brightly lit city I've ever seen
The thumbnail just doxxed like 400 million people
Modi did a great job.
i noticed something funny at the southest point of africa you guys call it "cape town" but at first it was inhabited by the dutch who called it "kaapstad" wich roughly translates to taketown because it was a place where dutch sailors could rest after the trip from the netherlands by boat and "kaap"  sounded an awfull lot like cape so you called it cape town.
Why is NK considered fascist? Isn't it Juche or whatever their weird socialist model is? Come to think of it, the country operates more like a Feudal Elective Monarchy larping as socialists.
Manmade lights being visible from space is the coolest thing
Look at west at California USA Thumbnail tho-
that 100 meri-whatever line is the Heihe–Tengchong of the west as it shows the exact similar geography boundary of hospitable and dead land similar to the world famous line in china.
This is why we need the dislike button back
How does it explain the Roman Empire tho?
Technically St. Louis was the gateway to the west and that’s on the 90th parallel the arch so it has moved very slightly west past Kansas City
FEELING   PROUD    TO     AM    INDIAN
I really like the basic idea here, but to say "ALL of history" is just blatant clickbait, OK?
Alright I'm sold, I just subscribed to Nebula and Curiosity Stream. Around 1 euro per month and the content is just way too interesting to pass up on. Thanks for making all these amazing videos!
can decommissioned oil rigs be converted in to other facilities?
Don’t try to meddle with politics!
Could you do a video on the giant silica trees that have been chopped down? Devil's tower etc.
Correction: North Korea is a totalitarian communist state, they arent fascists, both are totalitarian ideologies, both equally bad
0:04 "What is Aleppo?" Still makes me chuckle.
I find how you say 2011 and 2012 and 2014 and 2016 and 2022 VERY OFFENSIVE and offensive content notices at 0:46 and 10:56 and 11:12 and 11:21 and 11:47 and 12:14 and 12:15 and 13:45 and 14:14 and 14:15 and 21:08 and 21:08 and 21:18 and 21:25 and 21:26 and 21:49 and 21:50 and 22:02 and 22:03 and you swear way too much
Alice Springs isn't there because of Pine Gap and Adelaide has a population of 1.3 million, not 100,000.
Hee! ive just subscribed to curiosity stream and im looking for the michael enright docu that you said would be there. But i can't find it anywhere on the website. Could you tell me whats wrong ?
Aw you didn't mention Berlin and the color of the lights showing where the Berlin Wall crossed between East and West Germany
⁉️🤦Showing anything on history, needs a time gradient. Sir.
also, britain didnt "GRANT" india and pakisthan independence
I live about 50 km from Adelaide... One of the few places in the world where the timezone difference is 30 mins instead of 1 hour :b
Strange that you called North Korean regime "fascist".
what? hyderabad a part of pakisthan?😂
If u compare this 7:54 to Google maps on night view with the traffic/sat view you can actually make out the city's n shapes on the video with the map. That's crazy, cool af.
0:23 what happen to Morraco n algeria
Wait wait Alice Springs doesn’t exist because of Pine Gap. There’s been a town there for over a century, being a originally a telegraph station. Pine Gap definitely contributes, but if you took it away the town would still be there, particularly for tourism purposes.
I think you'll find North Korea to be a communist, rather than a fascist state
Britishers didn't grant independence to India , we Indians fought for it  there was bloodbath and brits had no option but to leave .
The changes on Syria's electricity map is truly a tragedy, hopefully now that the civil war has died down, Syria can start rebuilding itself so its people can return to their homeland and live prosperous
This was a very popular video by Neo, always wished for an updated version of it, and RLL delivered it.♥️
East coast gang 🙏🏼
North Korea- Fascist. What the fuck? No.  It is a Communist Regime with a semi-hereditary leadership.
This video and this map are incredibly interesting. Its definitely the most interesting world map.
This video was probably my favorite video that I have seen from you.  I really enjoyed this video.
Holly fuck do you ever shamelessly plug your streaming service while trying to tear down the very platform that built you up in the first first place as your sales spiel.  Fact is you make far too much money for what you do already.  Making a demonetized video once in a while would not hurt you and if you cared about these subjects like you pretend to you would do it.   The truth is you only care about the money
9:43 isn't hyderabad in india?
What is Aleppo?
14:20 were millions of people living out on the ocean it looks like?
North Korea is fascistic but it's not fascist, it's just an absolute monarchy.
I'm a South Korean and it's a sad history of my country. (See 18:40) Some of the elderly people above 80 and refugees from the North have their hometowns in North Korea and still want to meet their families or relatives. I'm looking forward to the day when I can take a train or drive to Europe through North Korea, China and Russia. By the way, it's interesting that most of Taiwanese live in their west coastal area between Taipei to the north and Kaoshiung to the south.
This is more useful than home learning
Please display lengths in metric and imperial units, it can be hard to follow your videos because of it. I shouldn't have to explain this ...
Who else checked playback speed at the starting of video
RIP Syria
i swear i saw this thumbnail before
north korea is communist, not fascist bro
Professional Aussie can confirm you can’t live in the centre of Australia
Southeast Asians, Caribbeans and Pacific Islanders and New Zealand ….
ah yes, that one picture explains why the bronze age collapsed, why the sun exists, why the balkans hate eachother so much, why africa is so poor, and tens of thousands of other things.
So if I’m hearing you correctly, a society is best when it’s citizenry is lucky to see a full moon much less a rich tapestry of constellations in their night sky due to their incredible light pollution?
Thanks to Modi...Jai Bharat 🇮🇳🇮🇳
Without you really saying much this is one the saddest and deepest videos on this channel... as someone from aleppo , i left almost 6 years ago... still broke my heart and made me tear up 😢🇸🇾
13:04 hmmm, so they did a little experiment where they had low taxes and little government oversight and Shenzhen went from 300k people to 12 million?  But ya, capitalism is bad.  LOL  (same story with Hong Kong).
I don't see how this relates to the war of 1812
5:23 Ay mate’ I’m in Australia also I love your vids!!
2:06 Afghanistan 2:54 Iceland 3:32 Argentina 4:20 Russia 5:24 Australia 7:22 United States 8:52 Egypt 9:16 Pakistan 10:22 India 11:59 China 15:36 Sub Saharan Africa 15:58 Burundi 16:09 DRC 16:55 North sea 17:43 Eastern Mediterranean Sea 17:53 Azerbaijan 18:02 Persian gulf 18:43 Korean peninsula (North vs south) 20:56 Middle East(Iraq, Yemen, Syria)
6:21 the CIA is the mafia of the world.  Why the fuck does america have a spy agency in the middle of Australia?  Trust me it's not to "secure our borders".  Complete bullshit.  The CIA is like the bodyguards of the billionaires.  Some James Bond shit.
5:24 not to go super political, but the world is MOSTLY empty, not saying that humans have nothing to do with global warming, but looking at these night maps... the world is mostly vacant.  India is pretty crazy populated.
Thats a dramatic increase? I see a bit of increase, but doesn't look like how it was described...
Please do a video about Bangladesh
MinD the pine Gäp v  v  7:00 and sö they thövghtt ^ ^  Löök indüs tree        ^^ . . . Blödy tourists -:-
It's funny how dark North Korea looks. They really need to compare how much light they emit with that of South Korea to know how much their systems are bad.
Why did real life lore & half as interesting post videos with the same thumbnail, an hour apart from each other??
10:45 My Beautiful Country  ❤️🇮🇳
Thanks for the video.
This picture did not explain how WWI started.
lets see which country watches Real life lore the most..... i am from france now its your turn!
Could you use metric system instead of imperial one please?
The example of India os fascinating
18:38 im waiting to mention this finally discuss!
Correction: NK is communist, not fascist.
5:50 you said Adelaide only have 100k people when we have more then 1.2 million
We get it, north korea bad. Dont need to beat the drum, we all know
Now we know RLL prefers Ft. Worth to the larger and more significant city of Dallas next door.  It's always fun to see the rivalry of those two cities displayed. I love 'em both.
I liked the compliment that you gave to India ❤️ 🇮🇳
12:20 the cities look dimmer too if you ask me
Neat
According to this video almost half of the world population and around 60% of Africans do not exist since they live in rural areas with no big cities to light up at night. This is how you end up when your world view is so much confined to that of the west  Lol The light map from NASA doesn't tell anything about where people live but rather where the urbanization centers are located. That is it. P.S. in some regions of our world the majority still live in rural areas not in cities.
The part about "lights going out" at the end is actually really heart breaking.
You'd made Parts in this video for each region. You've about 15 minutes in this video - Make about 7 - 8 parts & explain in each continent. More details - more time but you forgot some countries.  1. The Europe.  The Belts/Bananas of Europe - Central Cities, Cities on Coast of Mediterranean & Nordic cities.  2. The Latin America - Brazil's coastal cities vs Amazon forest  Mexico City surrounded by Darkness  3. South East Asian countries - Java island, Malaysia & Darkness in Kalimantan island 4. Japan  5. & Finally - Canada's cities near USA border. A video would've been 5 minutes longer but worth it. Thanks.
enjoy the comparisons but your commentary on the politics seems like western propaganda with the specific details you choose to include
Analysis of the chinese satellite pictures show that China as always lies about everything and has a real population of about 500 Million
...so I'm not the only one who forget to switch off the lights.
Wow
You keep using the word "arbitrary". Not all borders are arbitrary some yes, but most are drawn with a reason.
Man, thanks, as always, for the video, but calling North Korea regime fascism is absolutely not right. They have dictatorship, but not fascism. Italy had fascism back in the day. Nazis took a little bit from them and had nationalism. But still DRNK is no fascist
why did half as interesting make a simular video at the exact same time?.....sus
I love these satellite images of our planet. ❤️ Most of Iceland is volcanic, you simply can't live in some places, because some of the volcanoes are too dangerous. These images are very good way to teach World history and geography. If you want to find the Earth's astronomy centres you have to look in daylight, because they are in the darkest highest or/and desert places. If you looked at anywhere in the world that is a victim of war or disaster you would see the disappearance of lights.
This did not explain all of history. I want my money back.
This is essentially a 26 minute ad that I thoroughly enjoyed. RLL is a fucking wizard.
Let the lights fade in the countries of the West.
Always seems to me a big waste just burning off those gases from offshore oil rigs.
PM Narendra Modi is greatest revolutionary man  of 2010s & 2020s in the world 🙌 Jai Hind 🇮🇳
a no photography sign in the middle of a giant desert?  ok then..... id ignore the fuck out of that sign if i ever travel there...... id make a full 360 view, uncut video  just cuz fuck them. Im not your slave, you dont get to decide what i can or cant do.
Hey everywhere is still developing except Africa lol literally says a lot
All the countries the US bombed mysteriously went lights out on the map. Strange.
look at egypt just completely on the nile 😭😭
Man this video just dismisses every native population on earth
"All"
Make a Ukraine video
Watching this at night hits different
I don’t understand murican meters
Well, why you only have 5.19 subscribers , you should probably have at least more than 9 million subscribers , because your channel is one of the best channels , your videos are really informative , btw i've subscribed
Too cool! 👍👍👌👌🙌🙌
7:48 The swath that comes up around the south of san antonio is the eagle ford shale, all oil rigs that weren't there on these maps til fracking became profitable.
So yur blur out the lights from australian wildfires
Please show the map of Bharat properly
Id love to see all cities ,over 100k people, combined into one huge city
Arab Gulf *
try not to make modi sound good, he is a fascist
(John 3:16,17) "For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believes in Him should not perish, but should have eternal life. For God did not send His Son into the world to condemn the world, but that the world might be saved through Him." (Romans 10:9,10) "That if you confess with your mouth the Lord Jesus and believe in your that God has raised Him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. For with the heart, man believeth unto righteousness and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation."
Happy Chinese new year.........😀
Its amazing the things we see from above looking down at our planet. What if I told you there are special things in plain sight that no one noticed? Do you really understand what a Watermark is? It's purpose and how they are made? What if someone used the principles of "watermarks" to make Gigantic Pictures that you could see from a satellite?' What if they Only came into focus around 2010? And Before and After that Date, they were Out of Focus. What if they were pinned together and told a story? That would be absolutely fascinating wouldn't it?  Creations Story (yes that's exactly what I said) is right under out feet and no one noticed. Please. I beg you to come see what I believe to be a Story in Picture form made by God. Nothing on my channel is monetized. I've been trying to share this for ten plus years now. Here you are reading this, please don't miss what I found. ~I can backup my words, I promise.
Thanks modiji for making india brightest
You can see the legacy of the cold war by looking at the lights of Berlin at night. East Berlin uses sodium-vapor lamps, which are older and produce a yellow light, while the west uses fluorescent lamps, which producer a brighter, whiter light.
what is 24000 feet? is it some ancient measure?
Jesus and believe with all your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved and inherit the Kingdom of Heaven and eternal life. told other people how good he is, how he saves, heals and liberates and gives eternal life908
A grave mistake made in this video is how he described the Korean governments. South Korea is a republic not a democracy. Sure, it has democratic-like elections where each citizen gets one vote but the entire system of government is operated like that of a republic. South Korea’s official name is the Republic of Korea. Next, North Korea IS NOT fascist. It’s communist. Both are horrible systems of government but communism derives all citizens of the right to private property and puts all citizens in the same social class (aka low-class/poor except for the leaders of the nation’s communist party that live in luxury) while fascism is a top-down, multi-class hierarchy with a dictator at the top who controls everything. Both end up with dictators but one has a class hierarchy that progressively becomes poorer the lower the class you go while the other has everyone equally poor except the top government officials.
This is so fascinating  Good work.
neo made their own video of this before. wanted to see a new version of it in ages.
Can we talk about light pollution....
Jesus is Lord. ❤️🙌💯
I can’t believe you haven’t done a video related to Russia’s possible invasion of Ukraine.
And people ask why Modi is very popular. Most of the liberals who hate Modi come from privileged backgrounds who don't know the ground reality in India. Go and ask the millions of people who got electricity for the first time about why they vote for Modi. Millions of people got electricity, cooking gas, toilets for the first time and thats the reason they love Modi and vote for him. But you privileged ass sitting in South Mumbai won't understand.
Bro western half of usa is literally mountains and deserts of course it's dark
This. If Humanity in the far future was no more than this picture is THEE picture to be all that's left behind. A tale of the beauty and horror of being human on this planet all told with simple light and dark. This is the story of Humanity that aliens deserve to find when they can't be there to see it all themselves.
Is there any website that sells a wall map version of this?
So educational and interesting!!  L♥️ve from Japan🗾🇯🇵
So no one's gonna talk about how RLL and HAI both uploaded a video about electricity at the same time?
India be like: GAS GAS GAS
The map of india is wrong 😡
11:05 बोलो जुबां केसरी...
Like my country of Cuba, North Korea is an Authoritarian Communist Dictatorship (inspired by Marxism), not Fascist! Don't know why you would say that, unless trying to downplay communism?
The government of North Korea should be ashamed
After watching RealLifeLore content, American would definitely know where USA is located on maps!
Great vid, very interesting. You sometimes used feet, for the height of Pakistan mountains. sometimes use kilometres, for the distance from Perth the Adelaide. Just use metric for everything, or represent minority units as text on screen.
I bet the gas flares emanating from Uranus are detectible by NASA satellites.
I'm unclear why you felt the need to use misleading techniques when displaying the difference between the old and new maps.  Using a full-frame blend or fade instead of the wipe, *without* the non-stop rotation, would have made it much easier to see the difference.  I can't see any information you deliberately obscured, so why the obfuscating visual tricks? On the other hand, the visuals were aesthetically and technically very impressive... Just not as useful as they could have been.
Wow. This is one of the most interesting videos I've seen. Awesome!
You should have done a shout out to the person who made this video much earlier than you
Did anyone else realize that the light line in the United States has nothing to do with the 100th meridian? The boundary it follows is because of the Mississippi River and not the Gulf of Mexico or Appalachian mountains.
I love your videos matey and thanks for making this history videos!
Nice save in the thumbnail by doing dark and bright not dark and white otherwise some Karen's would've start sht
Hey everyone. I followed the battle of Aleppo on a daily basis as it unfolded from the both sides point of view and independent journalists on the ground.  22:27 what he says here is complete propagandised lies. The daily log of this battle is documented and catalogued. What he states is pure made up events.  I thought a channel like this one would do its own research before repeating the blatant lies from the western government/intelligence agencies/media. In just a few short seconds mentions: Syrian government bad, Russians bad, but no mention of ISIS head choppers what they were doing to any civilian who wanted to leave the city. He even showed the propaganda arm of MI6 (White helmets) looking as they did during the whole battle- totally inept.
Were can I also watch this map in my phone
Imagine, how much lower would be our energy usage if e turns light OFF in the NIGHT.
Borders aren't arbitrary just because humans decide them. Borders define countries, which need to exist because without them there would be chaos and people would fight over resources and ideologies. The world wouldn't be all hand holding and drum circles if we remove borders, it would be chaos and atrocities.
In north Korea if you try to pass the border and try to get into China. North Korea put land mines down so people couldnt leave. The woman have a better chance to escape than men cause China has a low male to female population. The men in north Korea are stuck their.
Never thought my little city of Wichita would get mentioned in one of these videos.
Wonderful video, but North Korea is a **communist state**, not a fascist state. The inefficiencies of this evil system need to be called out by its real name.
The difference between North Korea and South Korea is the difference between socialism and capitalism.
North Korea is a communist state, not fascist.
That part about the farmland in the West USA is bullshit. So many farms in the darker side of the USA and less people to cause problems.
Can you do a video about the Map of the Native Americans perserves is the USA?
You know someone is American when they say "A relatively sleepy town of 300,000". In my country (Denmark), the second-largest city in the country doesn't even have a population of 300,000.
the DPRK is communist ... most people are equally poor. Is this equity justice?
That's quite a lot of State Dept. talking points ya got there.
For a while the thumbnail was just grey to me and I thought for a second that that was the actual thumbnail. You wouldn’t be wrong if that was the picture though.
Less than $15/year is a good deal. But, do you know what is the best deal? The best deal is $0/year (even with ads). This is the reason why YouTube is still the #1 video streaming platform.  I seriously hope there were more popular competitors to YouTube.
The Syrian rebels did NOT use chemical weapons against the Syrian government. That crime was unique to Bashar al-Assad's regime and Putin's patronage of that government.
"Fascist state" of North Korea?  C'mon, say it: Communist,   Marxist,    Socialist,    leftist.
I don't know which map he used for this project but map of india is shown small compared to actual map , Jammu and Kashmir part is bigger than what is actually shown
You are missing a 0 on Adelaide. Adelaide has a population of 1.3 million.
Aleppo looks like a zombie apocalypse, I never thought I’d see something like it.
Still people say modi did nothing
ahh holy crap I bought a year of CuriousotyStream like 3 years ago and I still have access to Nebula! Hell yeah! I'm gonna go watch that video about the Battle of Aleppo, that city looks so torn apart. so sad.
God damn, Syria is really fucked up. That was a lot of light, probably produced by millions of peoples homes, and the fact that most of it is gone really shows how much it’s gone through. What a shame.
So glad I found your channel.
My god North Korea and South Korea are exact opposites even with power. The fact that the south is so damn bright with the north being incredibly dark really gives you a good understanding about the two.
I wish I could subscribe to someone twice! I love this channel!
US, UN and Japan together tried to build a highway in Afghanistan but failed to due to taliban
Were you ever gonna talk about how it explains history lol…wtf
20:14 "Fascist"? - don't you mean 'Communist'?
There’s no way I really hear a drill beat in the back 😂
Hello, I am a fan of yours from Argentina, and I was wondering if there was any change that you could sell Curiosity Stream and Nebula over here in Argentina, Uruguay, Chile, Paraguay, Brazil, Bolivia or Peru, or at the very least to Mexico so that way I (and any other fans of yours from Latin America) could see your in-depth videos. That would be sincerely the best you could do for this region of the world, since a lot of latin americans are still blind to the reality of politics, history, war, and its relation to geography and demography, (quite literally, Latin America is just an archipelago of multiple dictators/"""presidents"""s private islands, and as I know you are aware, there isn't much you could do about it other than this, offering your product to us). Thanks.
Thanks for the awesome content!!
Loved this video! It’s so interesting
Fascinating video, thank you!
420k views in just 12hr .. 😏
0:56 Jammu and Kashmir is indian territory illegally occupied by oaxtan
Fantastic video Real life great work 😀
north korea is communist not fascist
Hey why are you showing pok as a part of Pakistan at 00:56 It's an Indian territory
_It's just the RealLifeLore profile picture_
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is an Indian Nationalist who has helped all Indians reach a better life. I am an Indian Christian and I can tell you the media always portrays him badly, he is the best Prime Minister.
Your comments about the lights in the United States were not accurate. The reason the west has so few lights it’s because most of the western United States is owned by the government. When the western states try to become states the federal government required each state to relinquish a large part of their state to the federal government and his owned by it to this day.
Any1 else thought the vid was sped up at the beginning?
PM Modi has really put up India on the world map! Within a span of 7 odd years, India's image has changed from a sh*thole, poor, backward country to one of the rising stars of the world, all in all, being a democracy!🇮🇳🇮🇳
The perfect shape of the night lights in Argentina is so unique and amazing
The darkness of the Congo is stable, wild and luscious jungle. Same with the darkness in the Amazon, South America. You cannot compare that to your France. If lights come on in those regions of the planet,  by then, Earth is probably in serious trouble and far off balance
>North Korea >Totalitarian 'fascist'  That's a funny way to mispell 'Communist' @20:10
As for the west side of 'Merica and it's less successful farming in comparison to the east...  If CA became it's own independent nation, it would be the 5th richest nation in the world, due to our agriculture alone. Factor in Hollywood's film industry and we're ballin' outta control!  But that was before the liberals really drove us into the ground. So as of right now in 2022... maybe not so much anymore🤷‍♂️
I love the videos but have never found the companion videos on nebula and cancelled my subscription as a result.  Very good content but wish there were links to them somewhere.  Even if they do exist, their difficulty in being found are a problem for me.  Thanks for the content though, genuinely.
20:14 "Fascist" !?!?!?!? Are you being serious right now????
Not great video, you keep overexplaining everything, you don't need to tell us what urbanisation is or why people don't live on oceans or why north Korea has little lights. Literally no new conten/information. Lazy video, maybe not as lazy as 'what if country exsisted'
Asia: Subject to the most brutal forms of intense Imperialism from Europe, America, and ESPECIALLY Japan. Yet becomes the most intensely lit and important geographical region on the planet. Africa: Subject to very notable, yet not nearly as intense forms of Imperialism ENTIRELY from Europe. Yet is the darkest, least important geographical region on the planet.  I wonder how anyone still believes Imperialism held them back, when it, in fact, uplifted the most important countries on the planet.
Excellent video!
Imagine sitting in a spacecraft and looking down on earth at night, u will feel every one as your brother and sister.
was expecting some southeast Asian countries and pacific islands :/
great great great video. thank you very much. I learned alot.
15:29 gives a whole new meaning to the term the "Dark Continent"
This video is very good except when talk about North Korea, in 20:14. You spent to much time attacking North Korea, and is not necessary, and should not be the focus of this video. And in the process said a lie.  North Korea is a very problematic country. Yes, It is. It looks like a stalinism imitation (a bad imitation), and like stalinism, is totalitarian, but is NOT fascism.  It looks like you wanted to attack North Korea to much, and lost the limit, and the truth. It looks like a stalinism bad imitation, so totalitarian, but is not fascist.  I am not defending North Korea. I am defending the right information, and it sound me ugly all this attack.  There is another error. The war is not over. The are still in war, but it is in halt, in a cease fire.
India generates there electricity from COAL BURNING plants not from solar.  India is a 'brick' country. Look I have better things to do with my time than to teach something like this. Because you should already know this and there should not have been a reason for me to say all this. God bless
what about people who live without power?
This is on trending
Wrong map of India shown by you
Hiya buddy! Can I ask for a favor? Can you add a text with the metric equivalent of any imperial measurement you use? Like the height of Pakistan’s mountain range. :) gracias!
Please stop emotionally emphasizing every other word you say
🗿
totalitarian fascist state? say it with me ...left wing communist state...
Great information bro. What’s even greater is the instrumentals Can u link all the instrumentals u used in this video?
Well done 👍🏼
Well, Alice Springs existed a century or so before Pine Gap, so it isn't the only reason.
yep north korea is fascist, seems about right
We really need to kill big electricity and energy because it’s bad for the planet. How dare you?
20:14  Since when is North Korea Facist?
Light Yagami
Maybe my fave video of yours yet. Cheers!
Can't believe you didn't mention the enormous light cluster in the middle of Siberia above the railway. It's giant natrual gas fields where Russia gets most of its oil and gas from
damn peurto rico is lite,compare to my country Jamaica
is there any way to download an image of this map
Is there a way to gain access to Nebula if I already have a subscription to Curiosity Stream?
Why didn't you talk about BRIGHT Area around Delhi NCR 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
Adelaide has over 1,000,000 people living in it
Wish you could have pointed out how in those certain places like Pakistan and Iceland people avoid the mountains and populate the coast, yet in Mexico it's different. A large portion of citizens live on the central mountainous regions, away from the arid plains and flat jungles.
This was awesome
Talk about Europe already wtf, it's so fkn bright! Look at the benelux!
Railroad towns make great constellations on Earth's surface! Perhaps I'm biased; I like trains.
It’s both great and horrible that there’s so many people.
I do need darkness to sleep well though. Could you do a video on how excessive light use leads to sleep issues among humans ? I just can't handle living in a dense urban setting, because the excessive use of lights at night ruins my sleep rhythm. Luckily, I live in an exurb with plenty of trees around me to block neighboring lights.
coolest part about that map is you can see where a lot of capital cities are in the world as a lot of light is centered around them
The plains Indians had a huge impact on the spread of western settlers to the west in the United States also. Read Empire of the Summer moon by sc Gwynn, good read
There is no evidence of war crimes or chemical weapons usage in the Syrian civil war.  We do know that 3 times the government was accused of using sarin gas, twice by the White Helmets organization, which were reported uncritically by American news media.  All 3 times accusations were gradually abandoned over the course of a month or two. The White Helmets organization was embarrassed when they were caught attempting to stage victims for attacks that didn't even happen.  Civil wars are horrible, no need to inflate the tragedies.  Also, the border between India and Pakistan is not arbitrary, it's approximately the border between majority Muslim and majority Hindu areas.
Narendra Modi !!! 🚩🚩🚩
This is a really extraordinary way of looking at change.
dam dude. why you so pissed about Argentina? haha
What's with the lights around south korea? Fishing?
Thanks for the 26 minute video! Always look forward to your new releases
how come china's dimming affected korea and japan as well 🤣 if you're gonna fake it, at least make it believable
🇮🇳
I love these so much
If I die of Vanity, promise me, promise me That if they bury me some place I don't want to be That you'll dig me up and transport me Unceremoniously away from the swollen city breeze  Garbage bag trees, whispers of disease And acts of enormity And lower me slowly, sadly, and properly Get Ry Cooder to sing my eulogy  At the hundredth meridian At the hundredth meridian At the hundredth meridian Where the great plains begin
Um, desert.
"a sleepy town of only 300,000." My town only has 1,000 people
S/o to Coober Pedy, Au
What a masterpiece of a video, and I'm only a few minutes in... Bravo sir. Edit: and north Korea....... Super dark because you know who
4:02 as an Argentine, I can add that this happens because our economy depended on agriculture during one century, and it was mostly connected to the main port (Buenos Aires, current capital city) through trains
The Indus river starts in Tibet and China is damming it up. Tens of millions of people are losing access to their water source.
When you show the map of the world I actually have that map in my bedroom and by the way I do have a globe that shows the lights of the world and when I look at the other side of the USA it really is pretty dark but California is really bright
Happy Chinese New Year.
Good knowledge 🔥❤️🔥
you forgot Europe my dude...wtf
Russia be like: we can change those borders for you
Amazing video! I'm always fascinated with how mankind keeps advancing and moving forward. It's crazy to think where we will be in 10, 50, or 100 years! Greetings my fellow Humans!!
Would appreciate you guys doing a video about Native American/American Indian history in America? Not only do non-American countries and contients know that we exist as a race, but more than half of our own country (America) acknowledges us.
Omg love  it
I would have given a like to this video but showing the wrong map of India means I have to register my disapproval and disappointment. That's all the power I have, 1 dislike.
You can see the Bakken oil field in North Dakota
As a Nigerian guy (African)there’s a joke that the light💡NASA satellites see are just gas flaring plants. We use portable generators cos our national power grid(if we really have one)isn’t effective. Great informative video 👍👍
So Africa and Australia have great views of the Milky Way.
ALL of history huh?  Your videos are good enough, you don't need to alienate your audience with that trash clickbait hyperbole title.
Just a heads up for anyone that reads comments, I finally broke down and got nebula and I would say the $5 a month is absolutely worth it for this channel alone plus you still get everything else
All it explains is Flat Earth is true
Funny how you avoided using the word "communist" to refer to North Korea. The country's darkness, both literal and metaphorical, is the result of communism, not totalitarianism or fascism. Sure, those things are not mutually exclusive, but the economic and societal cancer better known as communism is the primary culprit.
Yuo*
just like nobody live in the mountains... and only half the Earth population can afford light bulb so...   i really don't know what this video is suppose to mean!!??
what are the satellite(s) that took these pictures? who launched them and when?
Great. Now the aliens know where to land and invade 1st 🙄
You can only just see the India-Pakistan border from space, the pictures provided are artificial, you couldn’t make it out if you were so far in space that you could see the whole of India for example.
Wait a minute... what is Aleppo?
Go! Go! Go! Nebula!
Wow we have history going back to before the 1800s, it’s crazy to think how old the USA is! Hardly any other country can compare in terms of history, that’s over 200 years of constant superiority! 🇺🇸
North Korea is not fascist, its communist, nice attempt to change history, but overall good video
One small correction: North Korea is not a fascist state, it's a communist, socialist left-wing dictatorship. N. Korea and Germany in the 30's are nothing alike.
20:13 Fascist? 🤔 North Korea is very famously a communist country.
On the american map you can see big lights where settlers saw the mountains and said "fuck it, I'm setting up here"
*communist state
RLL and HAI both released videos with almost this same Thumbnail within like an hour of each other and I got so confused
The Pacific air meeting the rockies DOES NOT create a rain shadow for the western United States, it does this for the mid west. It’s the coastal ranges that make the pacific air loose it’s moisture and hence drying up the west. This idiot doesn’t even know geography. The Pacific Ocean is in the WESTERN seaboard idiot. Think about it. It’s the combination of the rockies and the costal ranges that make western United States drier. If it was down to the Pacific air and rockies alone the west would be wetter!! This guy doesn’t know what he’s talking about. At all.
Hands down one of the most interesting videos I’ve seen in the last year. It’s amazing how light tells the entire story of humanity
What you mean why?
since when is north korea fascist?
North Korea is a communist not fascist
The difference between 2012 Syria and 2016 Syria is fucking insane
20:17 calling North Korea fascist is honestly the most stupidest thing I’ve heard all year. It’s a communist regime specifically a Juche regime and they hate fascists.
Not a fascist state. Its a communist state
20:13 it's not Fascist it's communist, lmao why not just call it how it is? Not all authoritarianism is fascism
I still find it insane that Youtube so heavily frowns on modern history. The part of history that people need to know most to understand current events isn't being taught in school because it's "not history yet" as one person in my past put it to me, and is difficult to become aware of alone because people don't know they don't know it. I know some of it because I lived through the time when it was "news", but a lot was glossed over because it was an "over there" story which our media seems to feel is far less important than what type of pet a sitting President has or doesn't have.
thanks for making all these cool videos! keep up the good work
I was not expecting my country Iceland to be compared to Afghanistan of all countries lol, not only the fact that Afghanistan is a hot desert, as Iceland is a cold desert!
Gotta love both RLL and Half as Interesting posting 2 videos wit America at night
flaring pisses me off so much every time i hear about it
@ 22:00. Holds held and shakes it.with face.palm.  How can that battle be one of the worst battles in the entire 21st century when we have 78 years or 3/4 of it to go.
Well, Belgians USED to live in the Congo, until they were MURDERED by "nationalists." They'd probably have a lot of light if the Belgians colonists living there still lived there.
22:34 fact check -- there were zero Syrian government chemical attacks -- that is fake news.
Russian stole so much land from China
yeah... look at all that light pollution
NASA Images are CGI. THE NASA CARTOON NETWORK.
Lmao calling Australia a ‘friendly country’ totally neglects the genocide of the Aborigines in the late 1800’s, and the fact it was born as a prison colony, and is now a radioactive waste dump for the United States (whos is also running campaigns from there). And again, being a lapdog of the United States and the UK, Austrlia is roped into nearly every war the US needs it, and it’s biggest purpose (which was said by the narrator) is basically it’s geographical position as an outpost to conspire against countries we don’t like, despite being in a whole separate hemisphere and ocean away.   Wholesum United States trying to commit more crimes against humanity, but cool thing they have a CIA outpost in the middle of a country they took over right?
🤔 I wonder how far back in time we can hypothesize these nightsky maps?
bruh did you just call north korean fascism? look up the meaning of the words you say, or you'll end up like some twitter NPC using "bad words" as synonyms for "totalitarian" and "evil" without even knowing what they're saying. TIK's video on fascism is a good start
20:15 Nah, North Korea is commie, ever since 1949
I like how you can practically trace the whole state of WV in the thumbnail
The worst part about the Syrian civil war is what the so-called leaders of the free world did. Both sides of the conflict targeted religious minorities almost more than they targeted one another. Yet the UN and the Obama administration both put religious litmus tests on refugees seeking aid and asylum. Religious minorities were refused help and even sent back into the war zones, or turned over to ISIS outright, who then killed them. When Trump stripped the litmus test from refugees so that they could all get help regardless of their religion, the Dems labeled him a tyrant. That's right, to the Dems, protecting people from genocide is tyranny, while committing it is "woke."
Short answer: Desert
Amazing video...
9:20 wow I cant believe that tiny pipe supplies the WHOLE river! thank goodness its there.
Gosh. If maybe NATO stopped their bombing campaigns and imperialism, that map would look much different
The proudly communist North Korea as a “fascist state”… WTF?! :D
I'm surprised you didn't talk about the lights in Berlin. If you look at the tint of the lights you can still to this day see the different types of light bulbs that were used in East Berlin and West Berlin before the days of unified Germany.
Really so sad that Africa doesn't have access to electricity
That's insanely beautiful thought !
What is that huge mass of light west of Fargo?  It's not Calgary, and Calgary wouldn't be big enough anyway
You could’ve at least said Adelaide’s true population of 1.3m
interesting
What happens at 14:24 - something just below South Korea gets wiped out?
More stupidity.
2:35. It’s called the ring of fire
There's actually no such thing as the 'Outback Desert' in Australia. While 70% of the continent is outback, only about 18% of the continent is desert. There are 10 separate deserts in Australia, and none of those deserts are called the 'Outback Desert', they all have their own names.
North Korea fascist state? LOL  Why couldn't you tell "communist state"?
Hey Millennial Noddy: @ 20:00.  You can't have a communist nation (Nth Korea) being fascist. The 2 are extremes.  Millennials are not going to be saving the world when they are that dumb.
An enlightening and illuminating (pun intended) lesson in geography. Amazing and fascinating.
20:15 Socialist*
Damn 15 bucks a year, what a deal.  But this is misleading nothing is in 4k for that it's 51 dollars a year.  What a shame I would have checked it out if it was really for 15  bucks
Use to watch your video man
Seeing those lights go out over Syria made me really sad knowing a friend of mine was forced to switch out their light and leave their home
This is on the trending page, but it's got almost no views in comparison to your normal videos.
14:46 "Hongkong", one word? You're shilling for the CCP.
Very interesting video. Australia's lights changed so much from 1.15 to 5.30.
North Korea is a communist country
Good video. But the DPRK is NOT a fascist state. I know it sounds cool but Korea is a communist state.
i swear to god i always watch these videos while taking a shit
5:23 What the world's largest prison looks like from space at night. 20:10 Let's divide a country in half communism and half capitalism and see what happens.
similar thumbnail between RealLifeLore and HAI
Jesus loves you he died on the cross for your sins. All you have to do is believe in him and you will be saved. ❤ ✝️
20:20 fascist? you mean communist
As someone who grew up in a very dark area of the American west, the thought of being around 70,000,000 other people in the small area around Hong Kong just gives me great anxiety!
Roughly at the 21:05 minute mark, I think it's Yemen, Iraq and Syria, isn't it???
Don't talk about Africa cause it doesn't really have electricity due to load shedding
Holy shit this guy talks fast bruv
This was amazing. Ty!
NASA is a cover up money laundering whole. Imagine the computer simulation you could produce with 16 million dollars a year. Pictures from space are fake. They have never been to space or the moon.  Operation high jump Operation fishbowl
Very nice video!
when RLL and HAI have almost the exact same thumbnail on videos that were uploaded only an hour apart
we really are a virus
North Korea isn't fascist its socialist.
AMERICA IS NO LONGER AMERICA  THE WILD ANIMALS WON AND DESTROYED IT JUST LIKE EVERYTHING THEY TOUCHED!
America isn't a country.
One of your best videos to date! Keep up the good work Mr Lore man
woohoo, love to hear wichita mentioned!
Many of us just don’t have the skill and money to upload videos to Nebula due to (and yes I said this) a subscription service and unskilled youtubers/creators who want modern history just took the risk of uploading it to YouTube and getting their content not seen or if creators with thousands and millions of subscribers getting their content not monetized I’m so disappointed about how content work especially with YouTube. The corporation who owns YouTube should be more to everyone and relax their rules and their algorithm than just demonetizing and not getting their content showed.
This video is fascinating to watch. Great work as always!
I watched the first 2 minutes of this 10 times because I was making dinner while watching and had to keep going back to the beginning
1:12 Night mode
One slight error, North Korea is not a fascist state, they got the way they are by following the ideology of communism. It is funny though that both ideologies take it to their extremes look identical.
You did a great job Please keep it up
Egypt's lights around the Nile looks like a lotus flower which was sacred by thd great Egyptian civilization 💖🌹💯🌟🌎
My favorite YouTube Channel ❤️ thank you for your hard work
Did you and Half As Interesting coordinate thumbnails? You both have a video out with this same map released 6 hours ago.
You won’t see this but you should make a video on The Amazon rainforest and how it’s dying
Best video of 2022 so far :D
The DPRK isn’t fascist lol this pathetic propaganda just demonstrates your total ignorance on what fascism is
The maps also changed when Russia returned it's Crimea.
God damn your content is so good. I consume more YouTube content than I’d care to publicly admit and I don’t think my brain enjoys any of it more than yours.
Excellent video yet again.
9 Days - From My Window In Aleppo is a truly transformative piece of media that everyone should take the time to watch. It's here on YouTube in it's entirety, free.
History books should stop existing now
6 hours late lol-
Hey RLL, do more 25+ minute videos. Thanks
Great video as always! One suggestion, it would've been clearer if you put what year you were showing at the moment when switching between now and before on for example the Middle East  Keep up the great work!
An honorable mention would be Puerto Rico. While the light update hasn’t been produced since 2016, comparing it to 2018, and you could see how much light went out during 2017's Hurricane Maria.
One tip, slow down the speed on your storytelling, it’s like listining on a 1,50/1,75 speed 😅
A little light dot in the middle of the Outback and wouldn't you know it, Merica got a base there. So the Spooks can spy and not be spied on!
im surprised you called north korea fascist while they say they are communist
13:28 That’s pronounced “Shēnjèn” (You pronounced it better than most people but you used the wrong tones and changed the meaning to “Kidney person”)
@11:36 Major RESPECT to the Prime Minister of India, for that achievement. Just on that, alone, he should be able to remain in Office, until*he decides* to step down.  Come to the USA. I want to see if you can do something about this growing debt.
Anyone know what the large collection of lights are off of the south china coast, west of hainan. Appears to be a huge collection of lights in the sea that then disappears with the change of time. Can be seen at 14:20-14:24 quite interested to know what that was as it looks giant.
"Sub-Saharan Africa appears much darker than it should be"
What are all the lights off the coast of South Korea?
Are boundaries arbitrary when they are clearly so complex.. they were made by people protecting their resources and identity. And then it is codified by law so the idea or a nation is not arbitrary when it is in code.
I'm surprised he didn't pronounce Qatar as "cutter"
Any reasons you didnt mention the american involvement in Syria and mentioned how they too committed war crimes?
Uh oh. Video starts off in a minor key
Just 4 minutes into the video and I already consider it a masterpiece. ¡TYVM!
I enjoy watching your videos, as they're always very informative. That said, you made a glaring mistake while describing the government of North Korea. Yes, it is a totalitarian and authoritarian state, but it's communist not fascist! While both systems are ruthlessly authoritarian in nature, they lie on polar opposite ends of the political spectrum. In one, the centralized government owns, controls and dictates all of the means of production and there is no private ownership. While in the other, corporations, private entities and oligarchs do so for profit and to curry favor with the government. One could even posit that if North Korea were fascist today it would be brightly lit, because under that system businesses would be flourishing, but still doing so at the expense of individual freedom.
In 9:42  it says karachi and hyderabad. There is a mistake . Hyderabad should be Islamabad. Hyderabad is a different city in India.
north korea completely dark 😕
i love how you pronounce bahrain
I think you've got your sat maps for China in 2012 and 2016 reversed, since all the surrounding countries' cities get fainter between the first and second maps.  And most obviously, the man-made islands China created off their south coast disappeared.
John
I mean seriously, have you ever met anyone from Wyoming or any of the northern middle states ?
Dude, how is Australia in the middle of its absurdist lockdown tyranny now? Perth could so easily just say "suck a dingo" and the other half of the island could do nothing about it
20:13 I don't think North Korea is considered fascist.
How many Toyota Corollas can be seen from space? Huh, RLL? Any answers🤨
2:17, there's no ring.
What are the many lights over the sea (20:30) off the South Korean coasts?
22:30 you are a criminal !!! rebels and their population support base were the victims of chemical warfare by government forces , you commit a shameful act by accusing the victims of the using the weapons that devastated their own lives!!!
North korea is communist, not fascist
14:20 -14:30 pay attention to the far eastern tip of north korea, and you can see the death of the north korean fishing industry in recent years, look at all the lights on the water going out....
I think this is the most interesting video you’ve made so far. Thak you.
make sure to burn your water guyz
lol why anyone who looks at a map and knows about our history will know why the west is not lit up like the east lol
I don't think you have the right to "explian" the conflict in Syria... WTF was that? Are you CNN, FOX, or stuff like that? Because why all thoselies? xD So gratuite...
This is AWESOME - That picture has been the wallpaper of every computer I've owned for like 10 years!
One of the cooler videos you've put out lately
I thought you were going to do a video of the Canada revolution
Good video except for the pontificating on North Korea. Calling North Korea fascist shows you know little about political ideology.
Thank you.👍
As a Nigerian it’s funny the way he pronounces Lagos 😂
Don't forget that outdoor electric light also has its down sides, such as a negative impact on insects population, thus the ecosystem, wildlife food chain and pollination.
Didn't Akon fix that?
This is my favorite video you made so far. I was researching these photos as well. You beautifully summarized the stories of lights around the world. And HUGE Thank you for *shedding light* on the war in Syria ( 21:32 ) and the battle of Aleppo. I really hope the lessons we learned in the war in my country could serve as a warning to other countries not to descend into this horrific cycle of violence. Keep up the good work.
Where I live in finals is like American east and ameeica west border. Just in this case Helenski area and other areas.
China: creates special economic zones Video: pans to Hong Kong
Wtf are all those lights in the ocean by south korea?
You should be really proud of this video. It is magnificent.
The highest mountains of Afghanistan are located in the Wachan Handle in the most eastern parts of the country and not in its center. 🖐🏼👴🏼 (However there are also mountains in the center up to maybe 4000 meters, that is around 13000 feet.  That is higher than the tallest montain here in Germany, but just half of the mentioned 24000 feet)
The lights are where people actually live.
Can you please pick a measurement unit and stick with it? I don't mind going either way, but taking in thousands of feet when taking about mountains and thousands of kilometers when talking distances is just.... poor
And the view of the night at sky has faded.  The beautiful Milky Way, the constellations, galaxies, the individual stars so much obscured.
I love this guy <3
Wish they would turn all of these lights off for one night. Id love to see the stars
Pretty sure North Korea isn't a fascist state
7:17 - So is the little bright spot in the center of Australia the town of Alice Springs or the intelligence facility?
North Korea is communist. I also find it interesting that a capitalist society in South Korea is way more advanced and better off than the communist one to the north
I expected that you will talk about the Spain's case, we only have light in the coast región and the capital city
i hate learning but rll makes it very interesting
There are any change for new content on the Fakelifelore and Reallifelore2 channels ?
The battle of Aleppo really shows how how much the Russians are involved in the Syrian civil war and in the Middle East in general.
The part about the Middle Eastern countries explains the tragic reality of the modern conflicts.
I honestly find the small barely visible isolated specs of light more interesting than the big connected ones.
Because desert
Humans are a virus, life is easier on the east coast.  What is the mystery?
The Persian golf during night really shows just how deadly a conflict in that area would look like.
0:00 - Hi RLL. 👋 26:14 - Like from me. 👍 Cheers.
Your videos are so interesting, they really give another perspective of the world
Even though South Sudan is independent it could haven a better future if there wasn't a civil war for years.
North Korea isn’t fascist, it’s totalitarian. The two words are not the same. They may be on par on an authority scale, but on an economic scale they’re polar opposites.
More people live on the east than the west... not exactly hard.
These videos about where people live are some of my favourites. Keep them up!😁👍
You forgot to mention the oil/gas fields of western North Dakota. There isn't a major city over there, that's just an issue with the processing of data and the oil fields.
"It was a relatively sleepy town of just over 300,000" You know what that's called? A CITY
so why did you decide to call communist north korea "fascist"
Imagine if the North Koreans were able to see what they look like compared to South Korea...
My heart breaks for the people in the Congo Syria, Yemen Iraq and North Korea
Even though Modi has realized a lot of achievements he should give explanations for the Pegasus scandal along with others like Viktor Orbàn.
Are we a joke to u?
One of the greatest videos ever made.
I will not see any of your "companion" videos anyway.  My viewership is _exclusive_ to YouTube.
Very interesting video.
The image of the Nile river during night really proves why the Egyptian government  is si upset with the Ethiopian Renaissance Dam.
why did you not talk about North Korea
20:13 wait, what?
Do the same thing with streatview specialty in germany
The image of the Korean peninsula demonstrates just how a leadership could lead to a very different situation.
Isn’t communist the best descriptor for North Korea ?
If this video were made for the era before the invention of electricity it would be very dark.
This video is basically a proof that demonstrates just how important are history and geography for human development.
Bro North Korea isn't fascist, it is Communist
It's gotta be a coincidence that you and half as interesting uploaded a video with nearly the same thumbnail at nearly the same time... right?
One interesting fact is that the number of telephone scammer calls significantly increased when India received electricity over all of its country.
You can't say "this one picture" then reference two different pictures (e.g. 2012 vs. 2016 light maps)
Not talking about the lights on the Argentine Sea was a missed oportunity since some are bigger than actual cities in the country
16:10 no offense but out of all many things you can say about Africa you only chose to say that
Why do you upload to youtube before nevula?
This is by far my favourite video you've ever made, on any of your channels! I spend so much time looking at maps, including night time shots of lights, but i never noticed some things like the pakistan/india border, the lights in the north sea and persian gulf, or the Argentinian city layout. thank you for making this!
mi país, mi país🇦🇷
Too bad most of the railways of Argentina are now gone =(
A very good and informative video.
RealLifeLore: Uses feet 2:34 Also RealLifeLore: Uses kilometers  4:40  cmon man just use metric
That map shows the world from 1900 onwards, not ALL OF HISTORY. What clickbait.
This was incredible, great work as always. 'An archipelago of lights.'
The American west east line follows interstate 35
interesting video but incredibly misleading title. i get it clickbait bla bla but this couldve been an interesting title without the clickbait
One odd thing about that map is that you can see Mongolia on it. I have no idea why Mongolia in particular is outlined in light, but there you are.
Reminds me of the intro to MW2
this map shows best how much light pollution ruins the night sky view in the world. i consider myself lucky that i had the chance to watch a clean night sky in the desert during my military service, and oh boy the pictures you find online don't lie. it really is a beautiful view! you could literally see every star out there, even meteors!, and even though it was complete darkness the moon literally light up the surface and you could completely see everything around you clearly almost as if the moon's light is like daylight, that was an amazing experience to be honest. 15 years ago i remember when i looked at the sky at night i could still see a few stars and the moon, while nowadays in populated areas all you can see nowadays is just the moon and even that isn't enough to light up the ground anymore..
25:08 I can't find Heval.
✨️
over thousands of years, Egypt hasn't changed
Very proud my home city was the first in the world to have a street lit by incandescent electric lights.   In 1879 Moseley Street in Newcastle-upon-Tyne would have been the only street in the world to show up on this map
Very sad to see the destruction in Syria. I wish all beings peace.  It begins with each of us 🙏
Can't believe noone commended y'all for describing DPRK as fascist, as it is so easy to buy in the "communist" fallacy.
Hi, I'm from Argentina and I wanted to develop a little bit on the Fair Winds side of things (Buenos Aires XD). What you see there was the Red Ferroviaria Argentina, or Argentina Railway Network. It has now been largely dismantled by this point, with only a few lines running, being the biggest the Roca line, which runs all from the capital of the country, down to La Plata, which is the southeast blob sliiightly sticking out of the BIG light that's Buenos Aires Metropolitan Area. Going north, you can clearly see a straight line going from Buenos Aires to some big city, and then turning, and then splitting in two. The big city is called Rosario, biggest city in the province of Santa Fe and third most populous in the country. From there, the line goes to, and splits at, Villa María. Southward, it goes through Río Cuarto, which is a huge touristic attraction, and then to Villa Mercedes and to San Luis, capital of the eponymous province. The big lights you see that almost form a huge line, honestly I don't know for certain what are they but, across the highway between San Luis and Villa Mercedes there is a considerable concentration of circular crops, so those lines could be irrigators, or cars taking crops to San Luis and Villa Mercedes.  Finally, back to Villa María, going northwards will take you to Cordoba City, which is the second densest place in Argentina only behind Buenos Aires capital itself. It's a huge city with upwards of 1.5 million people, the only other city with more than 1 million people, with Rosario a close third with something of 950k (Most likely already at 1 million, that population's from the 2010 census >w<).  That was all, thank you for reading!
Were you given any consideration by the Indian Government for making this video?
@20:10 why did he call North Korea fascist? He does know it’s communist right.
23:25 I mean we would. Just admit you don't wanna make a video which won't make you any money. It's fine. Don't come up with other excuses.
Without a doubt the best video done by RLL till date. ❤️
This guy has taught us so much despite only posting around once per 2 weeks. I respect you so much RLL, thanks for teaching me so many useful facts
“Totalitarian fascist state” You mean america? Yeah I think you got confused and meant to say america
Incredible
A lot of bs filler for a 26 min video
Those poor children in Syria. Really makes you appreciate how lucky you are.
Really entertaining and educational video, I liked it a lot. Iceland represent
North Korea Fascist, I think you mean Communist…
These videos could be a Netflix documentary
I'm considering signing up for nebula
super cool video, I shared it with all my friends who I thought might actually watch it
how did Half as Interesting and Real Life Lore put out a video within an hour of each other with nearly the same thumbnail. Secret plot here I think
bro please tell me from where you are?
20:13 true
Sadly, today most of Argentinian railroads doesn't exist anymore
"arbitrary"? Marxist!
Im surprised just how *bright* japan is, considering how heavily mountainous its interior is
RLL praises Modi in his video  Le Bhakts : Orgasms 🤤
I've always found this to be one of the most intriguing & beautiful of Maps--thanks for the deep dive!
iceland is green and greenland is ice
I thought North Korea was a communist country, not a fascist one.
New york 😂 brightest
Ahhh alice spings existed before the base. please change this lie.
Interesting
He says that borders are arbitrary but this and many of his other videos goes on to say the opposite.
some indian leftist will call u sanghi now
20:15 Sorry. That's incorrect. North Korea's communist. Proof that it doesn't work.
This was super interesting!
Not original content.
You could do one on Aleppo. Monetized or not, you can and to say otherwise is not truthful. Nothing stops you, not even YouTube.
I am not where did you get the fact that both sides deployed chemical weapons in the city, this is very misleading. You are literally making the government who killed hundred of thousands and displaced over half of the population of Syria equivalent to the Syria free army. The is faaaaar from the truth and not true at all. I know this because I am Syrian and I lived in Syria during the war and trust me there is no comparison between what the Syrian government did and what anyone else did in Syria.
Any Australian here, I understand why y'all fly instead of driving, driving would be too long. As an American I can imagine that Perth to Sydney would be similar to Los Angeles and New York, trying to drive that would suck ass
*23:48* Never thought I would see Gravity Falls in a video about Nasa's light map and world history...
you need to admite pine gap Australia (it's the 😎smack bang in the middle) coolest 😁😉
Great video
Let's not forget that North Korea is communist (though I agree that the difference with fascist is in practice slim to none).  What did communists use before they used candles?  Electricity.
The map that tells a thousand stories
Really cool that china has that metropolitan area of more than 70 M people. Crazy
I forgot that South Sudan Is In some months from now going to be 11.  I'm 17 & I'm older than a country by 6 years.
Are you kidding me? make shorter videos please. This is youtube, not Netflix.
Why ignore a so big country like Brasil?
0:29 why did israel take over Lebanon and palestine 🤨😐
No japan?
British didn't grant independence we fought for it :)
Best Video, would love part 2. that is so interesting
11:12 So THAT'S why T-Series beat PewDiePie in the race to have the most subscribers on Youtube.
Credit- Thomas Edison
Heads up everyone! The West Taiwan update dropping soon!
Because the first settlers came from the east
Im just watching this because its my first day of high school
😔 Canada is so dark.
Can’t believe you left out the continent with the most interest, Europe….🙄
If you know about Greenbank WV you can find the area very easy. Also notice how most of southern WV and western VA is the darkest places in the Appalachian mountains
BHARAT MATA KI JAI 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
You can also see Germanys story from space.  If you look at Berlin from space. you can see the different colour of the public lights.  It shows the seperation of west and east Germany.  The Berlin wall fell 30 years ago
Interesting
11:25 yyyyeah, you say "DRAMATICALLY" but I think I could use a back-and-forth slider to better see this "dramatic" difference...
Funny how India which derives it's name from "Indus river" has nothing to do with indus valley civilization and river itself. The entirety of "Indus river" and all of the people of Indus reside in modern day Pakistan.
"Shenzen used to be a sleepy town of only 300.000 people" ... that's not a sleepy town anymore. That's as many people as New Delhi, Mannheim, Fukushima, Cardiff or Berne.
Amazing as always, thx. :)
I love this. I've had this map as my computer background for years and love just staring at it and thinking about the patterns.
North Korea is Cumunist totalitarian state not a fascist one. Fascism and cumunism sit on opposite ends of the political spectrum.
19:19 - North Korea is not fascist at all. Its ideology is Juche, a form of communism.
I find it so sad to see the changes in certain area.  That the area of Aleppo lowered the amount of lights by so much.
Other Than A 10th Upload Noting The “Demonetization Possibility” (1st For Not Mentioning The “Censorship Probability” For Certain Corners Of The Globe…)… Japan Also Planned To Make A Bridge To Probably Have A Railway To Seoul, South Korea By Attaching Busan With Fukuoka In A Similar Way To Certain Places In Europe To Make Easier / Shorter Travel Between 2 Places In The Corresponding Positions… (Bougainville Island Of Papua New Guinea Will Become Independent In The Next 5 Years, Presumably As A New United Nations Member, Or Observer… More Than A Regular “Non-UN Country”, To Total Up To  At Least 242 Different Independent Territories At The Maximum, Or 194 - 196 At The Minimum…)
You’re videos are so awesome. I love learning about what you put out man! Keep it up
guy shits on youtube every video
The way you keep moving the map is very disorienting. Not cool.
This night map clearly symbolising India regaining its lost glory.. and on the way to become super power within a short period of time.
@0:40. The video claims that the last formal border change was in July 2011. This is factual incorrect. The border between the Netherlands and Belgium has been redrawn in January 2018. The realignment straightened and simplified the border by making it run along the current Meuse River. It also meant that Belgium gave a total of 40.45 acres of land to the Netherlands, and in return n return the Netherlands gave 7.63 acres to Belgium.
North Korea is a totalitarian state, but it's not fascist. "Fascist" describe a certain thing, it's not just a sinonym of "totalitarian" or "despicable". Using it as a "wild card" makes it lose it's meaning when used to describe actual fascism. Please be careful
America is literally lit
This was an absolutely brilliant video
modi kept his prmosie, no matter where ur political alliance may lie, this exact promise was kept.
That last part about Syria made my heart sink 😔
Nord Corea are comunists not fascists...
'A collection of pictures' again, when will someone take one picture of all of it, obviously not the opposite side to the camera, just a pic of the whole of one side probably 60% of the earth. Why can't someone put a camera on the back of the 'space' rocket. I wanna zoom in and see Australians walking upside down. We reached the moon 3 years after I was born 'allegedly', I think it's bs and your statement just made my argument stronger. It's all bs, this world is bs, if the USA and Russia are gonna fight, whoes gonna look after the 'space station'? There are no countries just one big cabal laughing thier t1ts off at all of us. Better get your jabs, 😀
PM Modi has transformed India in a very short span of time.
נייס
Funny you didn't comment about the fascist USA who is taking away the right of women to choose.  Discrimination of minorities.  An autocratic economic model that controls a dual party state.  Bullies sovereign nations and props up fascist governments around the world and makes a mockery of democracy.  LOL.
This map highlights the progression of certain countries over short periods of time, which is very fascinating. To think that in more than 125 million Indians got electricity in just 4 years is incredible. Furthermore, it shows that the world is progressing at such a fast pace, and I am pretty sure at this rate, this century will be centralized around India.
10:44 As an Indian, I have only heard about how poor India is, how corrupt it is, scarcity of food, water etc. All the bad things.  But this might be one of the few times when we hear something really positive about my Country. It doesn't matter which political side you're on, you have to feel proud of it.  Nearly 100% of people have access to electricity! And we are talking about a country with more than 1.4 Billion people! That's no mean feat.  Thank you for making this video and portraying a different picture of India.  Jai Hind!
I don't get it. You are using kilometers instead of miles but yet insist on using feet instead of meters 😅 Interesting video though.
The Syrian War is such a bummer man
U
Yes more
One of the best and most informative videos I have seen in a while
Lol. North Korea is a Fascist state?  Communist dictatorship vs free market South Korea.
use the metric system please
I hope, my African Brothers and sisters, also recieve electricity, education and vaccine, and thier condition improves, so that large youth of African continent, can contribute to this evergreen growing world 😇😇😇😇
how come you dismiss Venezuela?
Very interesting video 👍
Syria lights went out do to an immense civil war that claimed hundreds of thousands of live, but you can learn how to keep the lights on, with SKILLSHARE
It's sad to see Syria was similarly lit like European countries before
as a Syrian in Syria , electrcity is on for 1 hour and off for 5 hours , in a loop , everything is expensive , people just wanna leave, most of us are undet poverty line , most of the time there is no water too , the Ministrs and other high ranked people of power keep stealing money , and there is no justice , no basic human rights , nothing , Syria is officialy a Nightmare .
20:14 dude, i hate north korea... but they are NOT facists
Modi only finished what was started by the Congress. The job was already 99% complete when he was sworn in; after that he claimed 100% of the credit. Also, if you look at the two maps of India carefully, you only see a noticable difference in lights of a singular state i.e Uttar Pradesh. Rest of the country continues to be dark as ever.
I've never learned that much from a single video
Interesting☺
I never have bought something because of a sponsor in a Youtube video but those videos seem interesting enough that I just might.  Also props to calling North Korea fascist
I hope the British dude with the jittery hand that drew the border between Pakistan and India feels proud of himself now that his doodle can be seen from space.
15:31 Literally
I think you should have linked NEO’s video to give credit where credit is due
North Korea isn't fascist - it's communist.
Humanity, bringing bioluminescence to a whole other level.
Dutlniv tioogattlyg
The darkness of the African continent 😩
20:15 Uhm.... North Korea is communist not facist. Both oppressive but very different. Do your research dude
I've heard a crazy law in North Korea that the whole country goes full lights-out at a certain time. People do live all over North korea and not just the capital, so maybe that's why the night map is so dark for the country.
the USA ≠ America
5:40 it's lonely here... the kangaroos outnumber the humans 10 fold...
I was hoping you’d also talk about Southeast Asia and the Pacific Islands in this video. Nevertheless, very insightful.
But what is a leppo. 🐲
You're wrong. Fashism is when you kill another nation, it is communism when you kill your own nation.
I see that usa has the biggest ammount of lighit
US is like North Korea
I love these videos!  It is so illuminating to see how our species interacts with the planet.
Was it just a coincidence that HAI and RLL both made a video with a night time picture of the US in their thumbnails within an hour of each other.
15 dollars a year you say?
This channel produces some of the best content on YouTube. I might go buy the subscription for curiosity stream because I love this kind of informative content.
Where can we see the black marble photos
If it is friendly to the NSA it means it isn't friendly!
north korea isn't fascist. it's totalitarian but due to not being far right it's not fascist.
Wow i did not know that
11:12 Brainwashed Leftists of India must listen to this. Even westerners are praising Modi for his exceptional work.  Modi For 2024 ✌.
1:15 This is my background picture, so when I looked away and looked back at the "video", I thought it had minimized or something... also, interesting that RLL and HAI puts out two videos about 1 hour apart with the same thumbnail image :P
This is an awesome video! Very informative. Thank you!
Geography is your destiny.
3:18 It´s actually about 2/3 of the population.
Very interesting video👍🏻
Malaysia and Singapore really bright holy moly
I first noticed how South Africa was so much brighter than the rest of Sub-Saharan Africa.
perfect timing to make my lunar new year perfect! 😊
fascinating , is there any link to the map to explore ?
Did you notice how Puerto Rico is nearly completely lit up? XD
i did not know there existed a clone of hyderabad in pakistan  lol
4:40 5,500 miles
Was expecting you to cover Brazil and its bright costal line of 120 million people
This is one of the reason why I choose it's pm again in 2019
Should have shown California blacked out.
Can U Make A Documentary , About Something Good ?
gotta be a way to find aliens with this on exo planets, which means we could be seen too right now...
My India is most uniformly developed....
q
Hiya, sorry, but how is North Korea fascist?
This whole video was so mind blowing. I had no idea.
Wait where are Europe and japan
Sayong that argentina seems like a abandonde part of the world is ignorant. Literally buenos aires is one of the biggest  cities in the world with like 8 million people living there
The people are NOT "Afghans"... they are "Afghanis". An "Afghan" is a crocheted blanket... or a dog. "Alexa" says it refers to the people--- she is WRONG; it's insulting.
Great job on this video. Very rarely do I give a video a LIKE. 90% of videos are poorly done. This was not one of them. Very informative.
Hate to nitpick but North Korea is a communist state, not a fascist one.
Great video!
11:40 Now you are labelled as "Sanghi" in India because you said trut.
Indian parents be like Bijli Ka bill tera bhaap bare ga?
India @10:13
Why do you keep defending communism? The DPRK is a communist state, not fascist. Why do you avoid the word communsim? Why do you try to preserve the idea that communism isn't the biggest and most poisonous ideology to ever exist? It really is such thing and trying to hide it benefits no one but those with political ties to such ideologies.
Fantastic video... Loved it..👍
I thought for a second I saw an RLL and HAI collab with the thumbnails.
sometimes we need bortle class skies
Click bait title but great video
2:20 afghanistan has 40m ppl
I'm curious what all the lights are off the coast of Asia, is this some kind of fish farming or just an insane amount of anchored ships? Best seen at @20:06
You know what, I’m gonna finally get nebula and curiosity stream.  Looks great
Nah Israel is not a real country
In Aleppo, not both sides used chemical weapons.... only the Assad army and Russian army use them. I live in Syria.
Watching this again
This video is one of the most fabulous video I ever saw on YouTube 😍😍😍
I think you meant North Korea 20:35
Uhh... I don´t think North Korea is facist
The Middle East has been the world's greatest boogeyman and biggest victim
Please use the metric system or display the convertion for metric on the screen
You show hundreds of pictures but claim one picture will do the job. Hate titles like that.
wow wow wow
69 thousandth view!
At last, a good video from Wendower Productions.
It's only missing a Tokyo Japan as largest city in the world
I checked if you can see any remaining development difference in West and East Germany. East Germany is much less wealthy, but you really can't see the old border by the lights.
Wrong map of India, please correct it.
Egypt 😍
I'll keep disliking your videos as long as you keep calling Palestine "israel" (￣ヘ￣ )
stole Neo's idea but still is different as its more of a case study
when he talked about the battle of Aleppo being the most destructive battle of the 21st century, I felt like adding "yet". But, man, I really hope that's not a "yet"
hmm a region with mountains and deserts doesnt have lights very strange very weird innit :/
That part about India was a gem
Another top quality video!
Loved this video 📸
IT IS NICE TO SEE INDIA IS GROWING DURING MODI GOVERNMENT RULE...
You are showing wrong Indian map
Using aerial footage of Istanbul, a city that is on both European and Asian continents and thosands of kilometers away from Middle East to talk about Middle East. Even fucking up further by showing Sultanahmet Mosque which is located on the European side. Literally on another continent than Middle East. (6:45)
An area that I found very interesting [and personally, kinda sad]: *The Bakken Oil Fields* I grew up in the area some decades ago, and the oil industry has a bit of a boom and bust cycle there, but was always a big chunk of the economy. High School graduation (for men) pretty much gave these options: farm, college, military, oil fields. (Or combinations thereof) I chose military, and left the area for most of my adult life. Growing up there, at night you could pretty easily navigate by the various glows on the horizon, as long as you knew what primary direction you were travelling. "Yep, going the right direction - there's X town glowing over there." Then - fracking became a thing, and the Bakken oil field absolutely went bonkers for about a decade. And you can't navigate by horizon glows at night anymore - the horizon is speckled with land-based oil platforms, in a sea of prairie. Seemingly overnight, very very small towns that had been that way for *decades* - even during prior boom cycles - became small cities. In particular, Williston, North Dakota - which became something akin to the capitol city of the Bakken.
Video should’ve been titled “How this 1 picture explains all history of humanity” or something like that
Please don't use body parts to measure length. It's inappropriate! I don't know how long your feet are. 🌈
Can you use also metric system?
13:39 I like your funny words, magic man
Why do you and halfis interesting upload at the same time on the same day
คนไทยทำได้ๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆ Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand,......................
When you talk about india , it's sound like bjp campaign 😂😂
One of my favorite recent videos of yours, RLL. Keep up the educational & entertaining content!!
Still waiting for this image to tell me the part of the human story where we interbred with Neanderthals.
Bro North Korea is communist north fascist. But cool video anyways
Aleppo was once a mighty city
Adding metric would be great..
Happy CNY!
India 🇮🇳
I can see my house from here
:O
Ive been subscribed since he had 1m and still posting AMAZING videos
Perth is amazingly isolated, but Honolulu is even more remote.
Wow, you slipped on naming as fascist North Korea. It surely is all the others and other worse, but not fascist
The title implied that the picture of US in the thumbnail explains all of history. I like your videos and would watch it anyway but shame on you for clickbaiting like this.
🤩😎😀
Half as Interesting and RealLifeLore have similar thumbnails. I thought I was watching Half as Interesting first
damn, Oscar needs to see this video
CIA and NSA have a HQ in Australia. Man that is crazy
Anyone from india, proud to be 🇮🇳 🙏❤❤
Twenty-one HUNDRED kilometers is like fifty miles, right?
Sigh...North Italy's Po Valley residents must NOT ever see stars! How it happened, I know not. But...I don't live there anymore, thankfully.
momento de bruh
What an incredible piece of work!  Fascinating from beginning to end. Thank you!
Or a few years ago
WOW how knew that there was a city in the persian gulf
Last I checked north Korea was communist not facist lol
the britishers hadn't granted the freedom our people Fought and thrown them out of India
India is not 100% electrified. There are more 31 million households still without light. So is the claim of 100% electrification wrong? Well it depends. If 10% of a household in a village has electricity, then that village is considered 100% electrified. So by changing the requirement, the meaning is changed. India has indeed come a long way but 100% is just a Govt propaganda and Govt is not the only entity to gain all the praise.
Lol, you can see where the mountains are for Salt Lake City in Utah.
Wrong, North Korea is not a fascist, but a communist state !
my favorite thing to do is pull up a light pollution map and shake my fist at it cause id have to drive 4-5 hours to see what was outside my childhood bedroom window
> Calling North Korea Fascist instead of Communist.
Interesting and informative up to the point of Aleppo where you tried to make some sort of point about the destruction of that city as if any of the viewers had anything to do with it or could do something about it and we should 'feel guilty' about people blowing themselves away half way round the world. I could care less. Thank you.
Subtitles need sir
many lies
1 picture huh😆😆
he really called north korea fascist
You mention Russia in the battle of Aleppo but not USA? you mention fascist government of north korea but its communism that South Koreans dont want from the north to the point they have laws agains communism?
I am beyond words..... Is this video real? Superb... brilliant
Where the heck is new zeeland
Whats crazy is all this happened in last 200 years, imagine world in next 200 years.
I think you mean all of HUMAN history, but even that isn't true.
Maybe change to title to something less click baity
India and China will be energy guzzling monsters by 2050. Better humanity come up with something "greener" than solar powers, or else these 2 will end up swallowing the coal and gas of Australia and Russia. And the stronger India becomes, the tougher it will be to keep her quiet, as China is one noisy neighbour. It is a bully as of now, but in a decade or so China and India might end up in some small scale war. India needs some weak leader who can kneel in front of China and let China dictate the terms. With PM Modi at the center, China and India will keep fighting.
No one Literally no one  Me liking this video just for Mr. NARENDRA MODI'S work for India 🇮🇳❤
amazing. greatest video ever
I don't own, and don't want to own a credit-card. I'd have joined Curiousity otherwise.   Anyway, thanks for another amazing video :)
RealLifeLore: The channel with the best sponsor transitions.
Amazing video
all i get from this is I wouldnt want to live in India... no wonder so many immigrate out of that shit hole of a country
This type of map is kind of emotional.
It kinda shows geography more than history..
20:16 Strange he calls North Korea which is a communist country fascist.
Felling Proud to be An INDIAN🇮🇳🇮🇳❤
Fort Worth? As in Dallas-Ft Worth?
Wow  I expected my country got destroyed in the war but not that much  So much destruction...with so many deaths..sad Btw i am from syria
What a coincidence 'Half as Interesting' also made a video showing the light map of the United States.
Really, Ft. Worth? Dallas is twice the size and right next to it.
I needed this vid😅🙏❤❤
11:11 Liberandus pretend that they didn't listen this part
I needed more lines added when you are talking about a specific spot.  Also maybe some more names.  I’m old.  It was hard to visually keep up sometimes.  Otherwise very good video.  Ty.
Great video, really interesting to see how other places besides North America and Europe develop and how their history is
You could learn more from this one video than you could in an entire semester of middle school social studies.
Im think south east asia and Europe becuze both are brightest
This video is AMAZING
Why do all the geography channels on youtube claim its the rocky mountains that create the Pacific rainshadow? Arizona, Utah, and Nevada are all on the west side of the Rockies and are incredibly dry. The Sierra Nevada Range and Cascade Range are what creates the rainshadow in the interior of the country.
'BJP bhakt real life lore'  - You know who
Seeing the changes to Syria left me speechless
Feel much bad for Africa. 💔😔
Link the Photo dude pls
Vah vah vah
Pakistan and China Are My Greatest Rivals I love my country and I will always love it
The lights going out in Syria is just heartbreaking 😥😥
Loved it.
10:43 Meanwhile in India 🇮🇳 सोच ईमानदार, काम दमदार। BJP 👌
Lol if this picture explains all of the history then what's the purpose of this long video
A proud Indian 🔥🇮🇳
the uyghur genocide is a hot topic now, but we can't see it happening from space. but somehow the Syrian civil war is not called a genocide even though you can see it from space
Hi I am from India and I love my country Narendra Modi I support BJP's well my country and I am from state of West Bengal and you might be thinking how do I know that my English if I am a Bengali well now I live in Ranchi and some national holidays I go to my village live in Jharkhand Ranchi now and like about and like two or three months I will be back in my village
honestly this is the kind of stuff i believe i should be learning about in geography class. sure learning about volcanoes and what not is important but this is even more important because thia is what geography is about, it is about how different geographical features dictate where and how we live and this video deomnstrates that very well
Can i make a bengali version of this video? @RealLifeLore
Fun fact : Most of the stuff you buy on aliexpress if being sent from Shenzen, China.
You sounded so sad when you started talking about the middle east
"With the lights out, it's less dangerous"  -Kurt Cobain
I miss when these videos used to be contained within 15 mins it was way more convenient then
It's amazing that the extent of human-made light means that in my lifetime, despite being lucky enough to have travelled the world for almost 20 years, I've very rarely gotten a true glimpse of a sky without light-pollution. It's next to impossible to find in Europe without going to Arctic circle regions, or out to sea.  Last year, I travelled to the "Big Bend" region in Texas that is very far removed from major populations, and I got the best view of the Milky Way I've ever seen. It was amazing, and a reminder that we definitely live in a different world because of our electricity, that a night-sky available to all just a few decades ago, is a rarity in this day and age.
At 19:38 you can clearly see in the south China seas the fishing lights at the international straight borders
Adelaide has over 1 million people not 100k, think small error there.
Why's Belgium different from the rest of the world everyone goes to the countryside and it is one of the brightest country's in the world while being small on the same time so there is no countryside anymore. ( except in wallonia which is hated by 70% of the population. So everyone that don't live there and it is half the size of Belgium what is wrong white us)
very good and informative video but what's the reason for the demonetization of his videos?
"The lights of Australian Civilization are weak."  Yup.
Why did he call North Korea fascists?
Sparse population.
Amazing video love it!!!
Seeing an Area with light, then turns into darkness just feels "dreadful"
20:15 Fascist ? You mean communist right ?
idk how  thiis explains histtory
North Korea is not Fascist its Communist.
Your map is wrong 0:30 Maybe pay a little more attention to which maps u use in the future
Is it only me or pakistan's light looks like an elephant head at 9:38 lol
Make video African economy, population and demographics now and in future 2100.
Hi
Yes
I hope there is a translation into Arabic
6:20 "No photography from this point" The cameraman: 👁️👄👁️📸
It's easy.. the West side has bad voters
Wait if the East has more arable farmland than the west how come Silicon Valley in Cali can grow 4 crops almost all year round without much additional water?
Fascinating
The netherlands has so much light holy
What a hard image to see those lights going out in Syria, really great video !
This videos makes me want to buy more energy companies stocks. lol
Why are you using feet and not meters?
Jeez, that ISIS photo from space is daunting and horrific. Really gives you perspective on just how vast the devastation is over the years.
Hello Sir, I have been watching your channel from 2 years and your videos are so good I wait everyday for a new video pls continue this channel 👌🙏🤩
Can you explain the literal sea of lights towards south-southeast of Korea?
Only half way through the video I realised, that its nerver night on the whole world at the same time
Good job framing North Korea as Fascist rather than Communist. That’s not confusing at all..
4:14 You can see How This pattern viewed from space Became The way That it is  Today
You can give credit to Nikola Tesla for spreading electricity  throughout the world.  He perfected AC current and invented the modern AC current distribution system.
I would imagine Flat-Earthers are also Dark-Earthers™
20:10 North Korea(DPRK) is a totalitarian socialist state lead by the Kim dynasty not a fascist one.
17:05  western Netherlands. So much light.
Stop saying thing's Edison never did!
Did he said north korea is fashist? what?
The updated version  is better than the old one both applies to RLL and India
348th
Nice video RLL. I always watch your videos, keep it up.
14:03 Los Santos?
"More habitable and easy to live in." "Artificial and man made." What's next? "Dark and lacking light?"
RLL, I LOVE YOU VOICE, YOU SOUND GREAT
Love the narrator of real lifelore
*_ONE CORRECTION_* - *the britishers hadn't granted the freedom our people Fought and thrown them out of India* 🇮🇳❤
Ok
I find it funny that the people on the DMZ just stare at eachother across the border, but also sad...
Hey I wanted to curiosity stream and Nebula but my current is from India Swag and so can you do a video please about this Syrian Civil War
We've come all the way time to conquer space
One mistake Arunachal Pradesh is a part of India
Indian dads will probably freak out seeing the number of lights turned on
1:02 one word: crimea
Seeing the stark contrast of lights in each countries is so fascinating. It is indeed more evident to see the difference of how each nation lives.
Something something russia china
Nice video, you did this video very rightly
When he started talking about Aleppo, you could clearly hear the sadness, dread and anger in his voice
Great video
This was the best video ever
This video make me say again: Fuck NATO fascist global-state!
Best video you've made imo
Not only India Dramatically increased it's Electricity Production, 40%+ of this Electricity is from Non Fossil Fuel based Soures and currently the most money put by any country in Renewables is India.  Also the British did'nt 'GRANT' freedom, Indians Fought, Scarificed lives for almost a century to get that freedom
0:44 Crimea:😐
Why didn't you include Bangladesh. My disappointment is immeasurable and my day is ruined☹️
hi
Alice Springs doesn’t *just* exist because of Pine Gap, it’s been around since the 1800s, and it became a much more significant town during WW2 because it was a significant staging area.
I love your videos. Thanks for making awesome content.
Cowboy go ye haw
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea has a more ecologically responsible carbon footprint than the wasteful, consumeristic colonial puppet state that is South Korea (aka Worst Korea).  North Korea remains Best Korea
Love this video but you got 2 major things wrong, 1) China’s population is actually more around 1.2 billion and 2) people can’t just move from the country side to far away cities and live their lifes there , they literally are only allowed to take up certain work-no medical benefits-children not allowed school-owning property not allowed which means you can only live where you were born-by law! So basically there’s no shift of population in China, just a shift of workforce!
India 🇮🇳💪
The voice looks like I am playing with 1.5x speed , can you please check ?
Is it just me, or does this look a lot like bacterial growth colonies on agar?
"The Industrial Revolution and its consequences have been a disaster for the human race. They have greatly increased the life-expectancy of those of us who live in “advanced” countries, but they have destabilized society, have made life unfulfilling, have subjected human beings to indignities, have led to widespread psychological suffering (in the Third World to physical suffering as well) and have inflicted severe damage on the natural world. The continued development of technology will worsen the situation. It will certainly subject human beings to greater indignities and inflict greater damage on the natural world, it will probably lead to greater social disruption and psychological suffering, and it may lead to increased physical suffering even in “advanced” countries"  - Theodore John Kaczynski
Indus valley is the first place of indus valley civilization and it was in India but after partition it is in Pakistan now, And this Valley is most holy valley and it gives the birth of Hindu.
My friend Neo made a video that covers this map as well a while back. I made sure to not include the majority of things he discussed in his video, so you can still watch his and learn a lot more about this beautiful map here; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZYGd-llxHJE
Crimea —> Change to russia
Good thing you brought up that dot in Australia. It would have drove me nuts.
Maybe it's more accurate to say 'modern history'
Neo’s video was incredible and I’m so glad to learn more about the light map
Incredibly interesting. Thank you
Good video!!
Can you make a video about West Virginia
Feet? Metric, please.
Welcome t your daily dose of western propaganda
North and South Korea tho.                          Capitalism dancing on communism's dead body
v-v-v-v-very cool
Because of manifest destiny
Ok North Korea is not Fascist lmao
I remember the video done by Neo youtube channel which was mesmerizing but it's always fascinating to look at these night time map
Hi
El comentario  de fuente de la pau:
Every map of India that you showed in this video are wrong. I know, Kashmir is disputed. That's fine. But, not Arunachal. That's very much part of India. Why exclude that from India's territory? Every country except China and its pet Pakistan acknowledges Arunachal to be part of India, including US, which reiterates almost every year that Arunachal is part of India.
Didn't explain my birth WHYYYY
174th 😆
Why Argentina look like Jimmy neutron's dad?
Love this video to see the world 💕💕💕👀🌏
NICE
Exactly right! Keep it up. Excellent Keep up the good work. Exceptional Magnificent Exciting Majestic thoughts Exemplary Marvelous Exhilarating Meritorious Extraordinary Much better Fabulous My goodness, how impressive!
Exactly right! Keep it up. Excellent Keep up the good work. Exceptional Magnificent Exciting Majestic thoughts Exemplary Marvelous Exhilarating Meritorious Extraordinary Much better Fabulous My goodness, how impressive!
Meanwhile this guy forgets Berlin and south Korean lights Islands
Great info Thanks for sharing
Exactly right! Keep it up. Excellent Keep up the good work. Exceptional Magnificent Exciting Majestic thoughts Exemplary Marvelous Exhilarating Meritorious Extraordinary Much better Fabulous My goodness, how impressive!
Exactly right! Keep it up. Excellent Keep up the good work. Exceptional Magnificent Exciting Majestic thoughts Exemplary Marvelous Exhilarating Meritorious Extraordinary Much better Fabulous My goodness, how impressive!
Exactly right! Keep it up. Excellent Keep up the good work. Exceptional Magnificent Exciting Majestic thoughts Exemplary Marvelous Exhilarating Meritorious Extraordinary Much better Fabulous My goodness, how impressive!
How can u show pok part of Pakistan... That is a mistake. U should acknowledge that
Modi modi modi only modi  Everyone
Make your research right it was not Syria to drop chemical bomb it was fking USA who by the way also destroyed countries like Libya iraq and Afghanistan. So it was mother fking USA
There is a huge difference of electricity evolution in the years between 2012-2016 for Syria and South Korea,India.
You forgot Denmark amongst the North Sea Oil producers
Saying it tells us all of human history is overselling it a bit, but I definitely agree it is the most informative type of map there is
Quality video and,well research .Good to watch .
What were these lights out at sea around south korea?
This should be interesting. I hope I'm not letdown because I'm very intrigued.
North Corea is communist
11:52 INDIA ❤️
North Korea is not fascist
How many meters are the mountains in Afghanistan tall?
Can't think about Aleppo without thinking of Gary Johnson. Bless his heart. LOL
The fact that American political representation is not proportional with illumination explains many of the country’s present existential crises.
Ha, I thought Afghanistan was like Iceland and then a minute later it was mentioned.
Proud of my country😎🇮🇳💪
973th like
Omg
I find it kinda neat how images of Earth at night appear similar to spectral images of our galactic neighborhood and electrical signal scans of my brains neurons.
This was a very popular video by Neo, always wished for an updated version of it, and RLL delivered it.♥️
0:56 wrong Indian map you should correct it
This video changed how I look at night maps!
0:48, as a Sudanese person it pains me to hear and see that.
4:55 Tsarist times in 1960?  Really? P.S. I know I misheard it.  And he said 1916.
Love from india ❤️
One of the best videos ive seen on your channel, very fascinating
wow, the electricity and light trend comparison between India and China really surprised me, India is going up and China is doing the opposite.
Still doesn't explain why my dad left me
Real life lore.... *lore meme*
It's makes us *happy* to see the bright dots :) but again it's sad to see whole *blank* area :( .
Please do a video explaining why oceans do not mix.
LOL
20 min vid WHAT?
Incredible
Always wondered about that magical line from Texas to the great lakes
Was a worth watching video.
I kid you not, this is my wallpaper.
Hi from iran❤✌🏻
We are losing farmland at a record rate in the United States. Save the farms
Its hard to imagine how much huge vast open areas of nothing there is.
Hey y'alll! I've been working very, very hard to produce more new videos every month in my Modern Conflicts original series that's over on Nebula! This month, the 26-minute video I made in the series covers the Battle of Aleppo during the Syrian Civil War and with 9 full length episodes now, the best way to watch them all is through the CuriosityStream/Nebula bundle deal, which you can get right here; https://curiositystream.com/?coupon=reallifelore  Thank you all for watching and enjoying, it truly means the world 🙏
Love afghan mountains
The history is weirdly awesome... Good quality contents you post here RealLifeLore.
I had my Interestin Geography because of him. Thanks 🙏
Of course it's a picture of America.
❤️
nice to watch within 3 min of broadcast
First
Wow
incredible how technology can do this
1 picture explains 4.6 billion years of history. Seems legit
I’ll be sure to watch later
Love your videos
I make flag animations
Our Science Teacher Is Back 😂😂😂
Make this small youtuber great
Love from dark country North Korea 🇰🇵💞
💖💖❤💖❤💖❤💖❤💖❤
Nice
hello guys
the 17th comment
ᅠᅠ                      ᅠ                                    ᅠ                                                                     ᅠ
Comedy
Education is power! Ignorance is powerlessness.
hiiiiiiii
The thumbnail makes sense cuz New Mexico and Arizona is a desert
I have never been this early since I lived on the other timezone but it's cool to be early
Real life lore here to teach us new stuff
Awesome video 🔥
Nice
7:36 You don’t realize how empty the western United States is until you see it like this. Wow!
Twelth
You give a lot of knowledge
POV: you’re not first
Hi
hello
Love your vids! Bezos and universe videos are my favorite. Both blew my mind
first
Nice
Hello!
👍🏼 ✨🍪✨
Yes
Fourth
E
Early
First
Bruh i was watching your videos and as soon as i refreshed page this came up
First
Okay
hype train
Nice
he
*You need proof for history*
