this ain't no Smiling Friends I can tell you that much
i hope this gets an episode 2
Arin, whats happening with this?
“They eat poo here?”
Coming back and Jim the protag is the weakest part of this. My previous comment 2 years ago I still mostly stand by. I think Arin should have given him some sauce or something to make his voice stand out more or just be different instead of playing it straight. It's jarring to hear Arin's talk voice just fly out of jim's mouth and every line is bogged down by it
This is just incredible, and I hope one day I can see more of this show, I thought it was funnier than smiling friends, and the internet loves smiling friends
noice
The Baman Piderman creators... you mean the ones who raised $112,000 for their show on kickstarter and ran off with the money?
what is the boss character's name she is so swag
hahahahahahha youre still fucking hilarious man
Very indie-esqe. Also, IT'S THAT ONE GAME GRUMP!!
I can't believe this happened on Arin's first day: 4:32
Holy shit, EgoRaptor upload
It's peak.
is this canon
he peaked years ago and now everything is just a colab of what he has done befor .... i miss the legend of awesome and sutch but its to grainy and gives me eye cancer now a days
Can we please have this as a full damn series NETFLIX PLEASE MAKE THIS A FLIPPIN SHOW!!!!
its so criminal that youtube never ever reccomended this to me
This is isanity from  an unrealistic veiw from arins anus, and i love it. 😂😅
MOAR EPISOADS PLEEZE!
the comedic timing works a lot better on 2x speed
Arin why hasn’t there been another episode of this masterpiece 🥲
4:23 ancient grumpy skeletons
wait this is actually really cool and underrated
Wtf i'm watching is cool
criminal this didn't garner more attention
So trippy xD I love it
episode 2 pls
I want to know more about this "carrot" thing.
How did i miss this ? This is Arron riffing at its finest PG13 level.
This brought me nostalgia. This was fun. This made me happier.
Yo! Worthikids for the intro!! You love to see it
I remember when egoraptor used to be funny 😢
are you stupid arin hanson
wow this pilot sucked!!!
I was feeling nostalgic, so I wanted to see if this channel did anything recently. To my surprise, I see a NEW animation. I was actually kinda happy to see Arin back on the saddle, but then I noticed the bland character design and jokes that kinda went nowhere. And now I see that Arin didn't actually animate this at all. I miss late 2000's Newgrounds animation.
It's super hilarious that everyone Arin ditched because they weren't "woke" enough for him, ended up making a super successful show that employs their friends and enemies... but not Arin LOL
There’s just smth about Arin’s Humor and style that’s just my favourite. If he made an animated show I would watch it in a heartbeat-
Epic
9:06 - HAAAAAAAAAAA
this looks like spazkid style
this looks like egoraptor style
egocraptor!¬
I just found this i adore every second of this haha. The swat team peeing themselves was probably my favorite skit :)
This is fun, Thanks Dan, I mean Darin, I mean Arin
i hope this gets picked up at some point, it really seems like the kinda thing that would benefit from having 26 episodes, also maybe without the swearing, i know we all wanna avoid another Problem Solverz but I think kids would actually really dig this
this deserves so much more love!
One day there might be an animation simply called "The Arinverse" and it's just Arin. Arin everywhere. Only Arin. Only Arin. Only. Arin.     ONLY ARNOLD!
what is tortoise shell park supposed to be an analogy for
This was great! Excited to see more! ❤
I need to know the lore between Carrots and James 🥴
Holy shit Arin animated something? And it’s been a year?  Where did time go
Soulless
I love the VA credits: Anjali Bhimani as Hyacinth Becca Q as Begonia Jaeonnie Davis-Crawford as Amy Arin Hanson as *_basically everything else_* Additional Voices by Eric Kubli, Allie Jean, and SMALLBU
Will there be more
oh wow, 4:38 gave me Command and conquer vibes with all the screaming.
God Arin's comedy never gets old the mascot voice killed me lmao
Oh cool Arin found animators that actually finish the projects they start.
This was just some great fun and shenanigans. I could vine to this show
This wasn’t good
This is just really good man why isnt this getting a full show.
arin’s little giggles are so cute lmaoooo 😭😭😭
Missed opportunity for the MC to have "Main Protagonist" voice
god i missed this. still has all of the old vibes <3
I wish there was a sequel, forgot how much i love Arins animation and comedy
We need this on tv not megamind doom dumbshit
Arin should've just voiced the rabbit mascot and actually hired other people for the characters he is clearly using to flex his only vocal cadence. Very distracting
MY CORNS
I laughed so much watching this! I really wish there was more
he needs to make back the money dan stole from him to buy that new boat those years ago
What in the heck is this... i love it!
Amazing animation!!
I love this
the visual jokes and the pacing is pretty good lol
I thought about this the other day. I hope more comes out of this, i really enjoyed it. :)
Is Aaron still making happy land Inc.
Clark Jeffrey Moore Cynthia Clark Timothy
I wish there were more episodes ao bad. Really attached to these characters already, especially carrot. I hope it'll continue despite not getting that many views. It really was fun to watch.
Hall Michael Thomas Jason Anderson James
Gonzalez Steven Gonzalez Michael Thompson Timothy
Gonzalez Michelle Wilson Jason Davis Kevin
:0
5:06 that explosion 😂😭
Wtf was g9ing on and more plz
Man I wish you had stuck with this.
where is more i loved this!
i hope it does get seen and picked up, it feels thesame odd weird as OK KO used to feel
The writing and voice acting blows shit dude
This would fit in a episode of ed edd and eddy
It’s perfect
This is really cool waohhhh
Me gusta.
Huh.
“Ur getting mugged kid!”
I’m a little sad that this didn’t go anywhere, I see a lot of potential. The humor’s very nostalgic, the animation is expressive & vibrant even the story has the potential to be a fun slice of life with a hint of mystery. All it needs is some good background music & you got the makings of a decent show.   it may not be anything groundbreaking but it’s still refreshing to see a show that doesn’t rely on swearing, sex, and over the top violence. (Yes I know there’s violence here but it’s kept at a minimum compared to others)
Moar ples
yes, very gud
You look just like the Undertaker!!
Some SHADy stuff going on behind the scenes
Obsessed. This is actually insain and amazing wtff
I think I matured out of this comedy style, it's been a full decade, makes me sad
It's cool. But it is a bit chaotic asf 😆 🤣
Who came here from sambucha?
i love this
this show is awesome! i wanna see more!!!
The pacing is all over the place. . . And what's up with the audio?
This touched my heart. What a wonderful pilot.
Resident evil 4 rap with the best zelda rap animation  quality would be goated
i love this pilot really! hope to see it grow! and what is Carrot..
2:45 this is so gay i love it
Animated by SMALLBU?!?!?
Please make a season 3 of little witch Acedamia
Just like the old days arin. Got a laugh outta the good ole style 😂
Hey iris out and Worst ending credits
DUDE I NEED MORE OF THIS PLEASE
Duuude this is great i hope this isnt a one time thing
Is Arin trying to be a stunt double for DC Douglas?
“MY CORNS!”
hyacinth is symmetra
this animation would have been big like 6-8 years ago
is that guy
Can you do the kids version awesome chaotix  egoraptor
I just passed you in pewdiepie’s tuber simulator
4:26 made me chuckle a lot.
I didn't even know this happened, wow! Great to see you working in animation again, regardless of the role. It's a liiiiittle rough:the audio mixing is off, I feel like there's a bit too much improv going on, and (maybe this is just a personal preference) but I felt like there should have been more voice actors, rather than overwhelmingly majority Arin. But that said, I still thought the characters were fun and likable, plenty of the jokes still landed for me, and the animation was outstanding. Would love to see this go through more refinement and turn into a series!
It feels that this channel is pretty much abandoned arin seems to have left animation for game grumps I noticed that game grumps lately have been uploading a video every single day in fact I got a notification 17 minutes ago
I liked it :3
This was completely unhinged and way to fast for me to even comprehend
DUDE THATS SO FRICKEN AMAZING AND BEAUTIFUL THE ANIMATION STYLE REMINDS ME SO MUCH OF OK-KO AND THE VOICE ACTING IS JUST.. MUAH ! 😻
Did you say this was inspired by real life?... what happened!?!?!
Meh
It´s a bit of a letdown with the voices tbh. I like the animation and style but the voice is like 90% of Arin not doing that much of a different voice for different characters.
This was amazing do more
Is this dead
Love the animation but just to get more I would be happy to buy comics of this series
No rap, no flow, no rap, no flow, NO RAP, NO FLOW
This is such a joy to watch <3
The main park is obvious, but what is "the other park" suppose to be a parody of? I feel like as a Florida resident I should know but I can't think of anything except maybe Sea World.
They cant all be bangers. This wasnt terrible but the only set up here is arin telling us the concept ahead of the animation. This might be some high quality stuff on newgrounds but i couldnt see this being a series if this is the writing and animation
Five Nights At Awesome
This is just one long unfunny improv bit. Brain rot .
This is incredibly awful lol
Ok but why the ritual for clothes?
Good to see you back on the main!
I miss egoraptor
awesome vid
I didn’t like it, just my opinion nothing personal.
"Gotchu little punk! MIGHTY ELBOW!" "PURPLE PUNCH! GUAH!" "MIGHTY THRUST!" "FUSCHIA PUNCH!" ... "MIGHTY SUPLEX!" "MIGHTY FRANKENSTEINER!" "MIGHTY DDT!" "MIGHTY PEOPLE'S ELBOW!" "MIGHTY LEVALITY! GYAH!" "MIGHTY SHORYUKEN!" "MIGHTY SHOOOORYUKEN!" ... "TATSUMAKI SENPUKYAKU!"
dude fell off. arin needs to go back to animating and being racist / edgy
I didn't realize you had worked for the Mighty Butthole Land World Warner Bros. Cedar Springs 7 Fags Universal Minnisota's Adventure Park!!   Me too! Summer of [the year you worked]. That was wild bonkers crazy butts.  Remember me? I was your co-worker who [insert specific memory of co-worker you remember for some reason]
I love this so much, I can’t believe so many people have critiqued it so harshly.
holy dip this rips
Pretty schweet
Less than 2 minutes in, this is already garbage.
dead channel.
I wish this pilot did better, its so good and deserves an entire series for sure!
This was really funny and entertaining! ☺👏🔥 Laughed aloud many times - Hopefully this takes off into development! All the best!
I love how the girl literally dark magic summons her work outfit, lol
Barack Obama: Hey Michelle, look, Arnold started animating again
Lindsay & Alex are some amazing & underrated animators. So cool to see them work with Arin
The virgin this versus the chad smiling friends
that was the last video what egoraptor have  Uploads his last video
This is… what.
It’s really truly grand to see Arin’s refined comedy in his animation style that’s had even more time to prosper! I love it, please do a show with this(:
WTFAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAK this is HELLarius XD
I mean this really wasn't all that terrible. Fleshed out and a little less random and this could have gone somewhere.
Did you know god is a bus 😊
Did this ever take off? It's funny
Yeah no, I’m going to need 50 copies by tomorrow, throw in some deluxe something with mighty officers in it. I expect great things from you. Or something.
2:27 But that's JUST A THEORY
I missed this humor, it feels so warm to get it back
This is very Egoraptor humor (Which makes sense bc of who makes it) I love this and I hope this becomes a real thing
was this suppose to be funny?
arin please upload its been a year i weawwy miss ywou🥺🥺🥺🥺
I really Hope you get back to the animated music Videos, i really enjoyed Those
I have no idea whats going on. 😁
So everyone in that park has to pee
I wanna see more
Although the jokes are a big issue another thing I don't like is the lack of story. It's just a bunch of random events one after another. Even Spongebob's pilot had a coherent story
I can't believe I missed this I'm so excited to watch it with my partner fhsf
an interesting animation.
This pleases me can I have more?
If it's not animated by egoraptor fml😊
Man this dude does such great work with his voice acting
NEWGROUNDS is BACK, BABEY
MORE
getting old ego them grey hairs brother
He actually made something?... Actually. Made.... Something?
4:29 I cracked.🤣
3:18 Somehow she manages to be both serious and cute.😠😊
1:54 I like how she's just tossing him like a beach ball.🤣
Wtf did i just watch?!?
Here we are, over a year later, and they never did anything with this... That's actually really really sad...
I love how much fun they started having with the mighty officer lmfao "TATSUMAKITSENPYUKICK!"
gone for 4yrs and he came back with this...
Mighty officers just start randomly fighting each other on top of the bus. 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Animation style is a bit too hyperkinetic for my tastes, and the humor is too mean. You will have a better chance of moving this pilot if the show sincerely cares about the main character. Then we, the audience, will care about him too. Just a thought.
Tried to watch this again because I really want to like it. I can't. It's obnoxious, the visual jokes and the writing are completely unfunny and basically just revolve around doo-doo jokes and screaming. I just don't understand who looked at this and thought "yeah that's a really original and funny idea".  There are creators on this website who deserve the support way more than this car crash, heck, the animator Zeurel is making his own series and he has to crowdfund every episode. Meanwhile this slop just appears with no love or care put into it.  Basically, this doesn't really deserve the attention it's been getting, considering its comparative lack of quality.
Oh hi king's dad
I need moooooooore!
An animator lost in time, no offence to the guy if he lost his touch, but given the time he has been it can't have been easy for him.
YEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!! More please.
Do you guys think Arin is envious of Vivziepop or Zach for being able to get commercial shows on TV and he’s stuck FOREVER making let’s plays?
I NEED to learn more about Carrot
Hey your let’s plays suck ! You’re a garbage person ! This cartoon is your only redeeming quality . Make more !
Found this from the glitch productions video so excited for what’s to come and this was mighty great!!!
Arin is so silly :)))
Man, this is pretty good it reminds me of some of my favorite videos from newgrounds , they were pretty awesome. Hope somebody picks up this pilot and does something with it.
Would a legacy of kain sequelitis be possible?
Is he gonna tell the boss about Carrot!?
I really need a new episode of this
I would pay to watch this
Holy shit, that was stupid.
4:35 The screams killed me
4:26 im omw 🐾🐾
Tf did I just watch? I want more
Perfect
This is actually pretty good. The jokes are clever, a mystery is established, and the characters are interesting. Don't have a fucking clue what the idoits below are talking about.
Now, this is the quality I expect from Arin Hanson: the same poop joke repeated 5+ times, loud bombastic everything, reference humor, and him voicing every character while trying really hard to differentiate them. Keep up the good work!
Man this sucked
How have I not discussed of this until now
I OOVE THIS???
4:36 the amount of arin's screams from game grumps can be heard, and I'm happy for hearing those screams
I already love Harley Wayne Daisy's character so much 😂😂😂😂
Have a Happy day!
this actually goes so fucking hard
This is good i want more of this!
6:24 I love how they forget and end up attacking each other
As well as this was animated, to be honest I just think it was a bit much, the characters just try a little too hard to be themselves and so consecutively to the point where it’s like I don’t remember any of them because they were all so in your face. Other than that it’s a fun concept and I like where it’s going, also glad to see Egoraptor back on the animation scene.
I gotta be honest I’m very disappointed they waited all these years to update a dead channel with a pilot of a show they didn’t get picked up.  What hurt the pilot to be honest wasn’t exactly anything special, just a random set of events. Reminds me of Ren and stimpy which is fine, but a show needs more than that to be successful.  Hell Girlchan and paradise had more potential to be successful, but rather than giving us a final episode and gave us this shows they didn’t have the best interest of the fans at heart.
You're associated with IndieLand / The Completionist aka Jirard Khalil, right? You appeared on their stream, yes? You know those guys are charity frauds, right?
Egofaptor
>Animation by SMALLBU  _Here lies Arin Hanson's hopes and dreams._ *What a fuggin' baby.*
Wait.... I just found out that you're back duck yeah!!!
This animation works really well as a one time joke, but as a pilot for an ongoing series this sucks so much... like actually really really sucks First of all, none of these characters gets properly established as its own individual, and that is because they tried to introduce so many characters that none of them gets properly introduced. Second, there is a lack of backstory for the protagonist, they told us Carrot trained Jim, Amy is Jim´s gf, Jim likes anime or smth etc. but that is the problem, dont tell, SHOW what happened and how these events took place. Third, the pacing sucks, everything goes WAY too fast. Basically it goes like this: Character gets introduce, then a joke, next scene, character gets introduce, then a joke, next scene, character gets introduced and so on... And fourth and what most of the people are complaining with, the jokes. Now the jokes expect the viewer to know who these characters are to be funny, but as i said earlier, none of these characters gets properly introduced. Also when making a joke you need to know to what kind of audience you are making these jokes and if this audience will understand the joke. And as i guess this is going to be a show to a general public, making jokes like "You eat poo", "slim jim", "we all peed ourself",  Mighty officers beating jim etc can be just uncomfortable or weird, because some of these jokes can be directed to kids, but the tone and themes of the pilot can only be understood by grown ups. And fifth and last, i really dont care what happens to these characters. This is basically the sum of all of the problems i have mentioned.  And having shows like Monkey Wrench, Helluva Boss, Murder Drones, The Amazing Digital Circus, Gildedguy stories, this show will fall into irelevancy pretty fast if it cant pull something unique and interesting
2:50 autocoprophagy is not a laughing matter, Arin
6:26 You can hear Arin laughing in the background XD
Arian. I’m so glad you made this. I wish it had more views. People have bitched and moaned about you not making an animation in years and when it finally drops, nobody seems to care. I really look forward to whatever comes next!
This felt good
Egoraptor i passed you in pewdiepies tuber simulator
.....
It's that time when I ask why I'm only seeing this now, then I think for a few seconds and realize "oh yeah...youtube fuckin algorithm..." but hey I loved it man!! Wish you all can pull yourselves to make other episodes!! I miss this kind of story animations!
💚
He's come a long way from iCarly
a while last video: 4 years ago
It probably would have gotten picked up by someone if you left the introduction snippet out of the video
This is pretty bad. It has no plot or reasoning to really exist.
TL;DR - THIS PILOT'S PRETTY GODDAMN CRAPPY Y'ALL. YOU COULD DO WAY BETTER ELSEWHERE.  This popped up in my recommended again so I thought I'd give it another go (I tapped out last time at the "Licking poo" joke).  I can't believe it. It's actually even LESS enjoyable the second time round! It's just loud and vulgar for the sake of it my God, the writing is dangerously close to the tier of shows like Brickleberry, you know the ones. The ones that get called "stoner comedy" as a way to excuse the fact the jokes and writing are lazy and one-note.  And I mean, who is this for??? The jokes are structured like a loud kids show but the themes scream adult cartoon. Not to mention the fact that this whole pilot seems really un-polished? Missing sound effects, weird volume mixing, inconsitent art quality (seriously some frames it looks like you just used the storyboard drafts and added some colour...).  Seriously, if I had to choose between this and something like Monkey Wrench (better animation, better writing, better pacing, jokes that are actual jokes instead of LOUD = FUNNYYY) I'd choose Monkey Wrench in a heartbeat.
Stick to let's plays because this is sub par.
This has to be the most unhinged, incomprehensible thing I have ever seen.   I love it.
Return of the Raptor
That was awesome!!
Is carrot a hellspawn?
Really loved this concept Arin- hope to see more, even now..! I’m rootin fer ya! 👍✨🎉💕 God- rewatching again just now and I can’t get enough of the humor LMAO
I love it 😍
Gives me Chowder vibes with the intro. But solid original content
This is this the best voice acting and animation ever  Beautiful
I take 10 season  and 5 season. Worth spinoff 🎉
I already want more. CAAAaarrOootTuh
I... i want this to be a thing. I didnt think itd be good AT all. I found myself laughing and enveloped by this silly little cartoon. Why?
brimstone bedrock
Need more more please
This is true art
I love how overly animated and exaggerated everything is. It looks great
great
This was hilarious! Kinda meta
Ok if you tone down the amount of " exaggerated movements " for a bit I think this would be a wee little better. Just saying....
My mum likes this pilot, please make it a show so we can finally bond
Wow is this delightful! The pacing is a little rough but it’s a pilot and something that can easily be improved over time. I know some people are saying the quick humor is dated or not for them, which is understandable! That said, personally, I’m happy to pause and rewatch something to take in the visual comedy. Not to mention going back to just witness the character animation, WOW. The expressiveness of the characters stretches the medium really really well.   Maybe I’m just gushing about this because I’m an animator, but this is great stuff. Humor is subjective and all that—and I happen to think this was both hilarious and really compelling as a story.  I believe in Slim Jim.
This is so SO good and I am now incredibly invested!
The world will miss it's last chance at happiness if Carrot doesn't get his second wind
I want this I want this so bad
fckn racist
Wow...
Moooooorrrrrreeee ❤
MIGHTY ~kiss~?
❤ thanks Arin. You're amazing
omfg i love this
I came back to this 8 months later, very silly, very fun, I enjoyed it a lot, whether it’ll continue or not (I don’t keep up with news)
this is great :)
I most enjoyed Arin laughing while voicing the Mighty Officers
This is really good Arin, you should think about coming back to the animation scene. This stuff is timeless.
This was tons of fun, I need MORE!
hyacinth is so bad what he helllll
amy is so bad what the hellll
We need SICKEST Olympic mascot rap animated
Did anyone notice how much this art style looks like Egoraptor's art style???
ok so carrot is kinda an SCP and the whole park is trying to contain it?
more starbomb
Want moar.   That is all.
My Corns!
Nice
Well... that just happened, and... im excited for more
Angry Grandpa: Kills Egoraptor
This sucks bro
Only thing worse than the jokes is the sound design
Does this require 10 years of deep Grump side conversation lore knowledge or is it just moving fast like that for everyone else?
Oii yes I can wait for this to be a thing .
We should see more of this I thoroughly enjoyed it.
Oh look at that arin finally remembered that he has his own channel
please tell me this shit will continue, I just watched it and I can't wait for my second hit of it, please upload the 2nd part I'd pay for it
NO FIRE NO FIRE 😂
I like the premise, but the main character definitely needs some more characterization and a maybe to not be so completely dumb  Genuinely laughed at each of the jocky characters jokes
Very entertaining
Watching this gives me the feeling that all of this wasn't scripted
This was wild, more please.
I don't like to be an ass, but this is pretty disappointing. Apart from the animation, this is just nothing
Dude 4 years😢
I love you man
Cinematic Masterpiece! Don't settle for less than a dozen seasons!
arin youre not a voiceactor
The 4 feet brake press got me. Quality animation @05:50. Looking forward to more.
👍🏻
I watched this again because it was mentioned on the TOTK playthrough, and it really is so funny
You know when your name is James this really hits different lmao
Does it count as a grump bump if its their own project they just failed to mention for the last liek 10 months?
This gives me Randy Cunning Ham vibes and I love it
😪
I wonder if Arin likes voicing ladies
Creator clash 3 I choose u ego raptor awesome fight you made both clashes imho man I stopped being a fan back when John left and things changed but glad to see you doing well man!
I love that the animation makes Arin's already funny voice acting even funnier. Love the way Harley Wayne exited into his locker.
this is painfully unfunny
Bro this is so bad
this has such ng egoraptor vibes i love it
A few issues/criticisms;  It's a pilot so things are subject to change, but the animation is kinda hard to follow at times, as well as visual jokes not really landing? They don't always make a lot of sense, feels like something that could've been helped by another pass of writing or storyboarding.  You're really telling me that a writing team decided the line: "This guy eats poo, you like the way poo tastes, you poo kisser, you kissing poo, you like the way poo tastes (but louder!)". Was such a high quality joke that it made it into the final script?   The humour's just off, there's very little of actual substance here it just seems like Arin wanted to scream all his lines and make poopy jokes and noone else on the production team had the balls to say how stupid that was.  That's probably also the same reason Arin is voicing 90% of the cast, because he thought he could do it better by screaming loudly and with his "unique and witty brand of humor".  I'm really not trying to sound like an Arin hater but I also don't love the guy, I'm coming into this pilot as neutrally as I can and it basically just feels like another Comedy Central adult show or some kind of Family Guy copycat. Raunchy for the sake of raunchy, cramming jokes into your face because if they do it enough one will eventually land. Instead of making them less frequent but more funny.  Basically with all the really high-quality, genuinely funny and more visually appealing animated pilots/series on YouTube at the moment this one really doesn't compare. It feels immature and cynical when compared to VivziePop's stuff, or Lackadaisy, Speedoru's Punch Punch Forever, etc etc.  If another episode gets made I hope it improves and Arin gets less control in the writing room because right now this is a hard watch.
wow this is really awesome episode my new friend @Egoraptor I really enjoyed watching fulltime ❤❤❤
Yay Arin! :D
This cartoon is great. Episode 2 soon? 😍
I just found out about this now. Good Internet cartoon, I don’t know if it would really work for TV. The humor was kind of hard to follow at times.
Holy shit this was 7 months ago. Wtf.
Can't wait for the actual show
okay, honestly im coming back to this after seeing it for the first time when it came out. I didn't really enjoy it last time, but this time i got it and like it a lot. if anything i think i just wasnt ready for the super fast pacing of this show - some jokes come by at lightning speed and before i can process it another joke has already landed - and the mic quality threw me off - i almost feel like yall should have used lower quality mics to match with the aesthetic of the video. i see yalls vision now though, and i really think with just some further fine tuning, this really could be great
The Alphabet Lore Rap Please
Finally 😭🙏🏼
Interesting.
I love how chaotic yet planned this feels.
That mighty joke reminded me of the spider punch spider kick spider kiss joke lol
I can't believe I haven't seen this before! And yes, I demand to continue!
I love this
i would love to watch this show
I can't believe I'm six months late to seeing this
WTF
this sucks
the shorrrrrrryuken right after the normal one XD
Man I love seeing "Arin Manson hands handsmn doing voice work it's the same feeling for me as jack black doing stuff
This is the best thing since metal gear awesome. Moar gimme mooooar
Results. Amazing please make more please
ayo this looks AWESOME. I'm excited to see how derailed it gets.
4:30 fucking killed me XD God damn it Arin XD
Arin actually animating and voice acting again? Surprising! Hopefully this means Gameoverse also has some progress made on it.
So wheres the 4th best zelda rap at?
DO ANOTHER RAP PLS!!!
seeing arin making cartoons again is just something i needed today
Idk what's going and has no direction or doesn't let you breathe😅 for a moment, or maybe it's just me
This is good I think it can be improved since this is the pilot and not every pilot is perfect in their first try.
you pull
I immediately want more.... Im so sad it's finished, i need more....
😮
I've been thinking for the past few months "Egoraptor, egoraptor, egoraptor..."  It's a blessing seeing new works from him. Always.
I waited 4 YEARS for his awful pilot! The writing is abysmal with really messy pacing , unfunny jokes and almost incoherent plot. Egoraptor if you’re reading this go back to making Star Bomb songs stick to what you’re good at
I love this Arin
uh... good animation! 4:26
When i saw that it was Arin Hason who voice the "papa titan" in the owl house series, i just couldnt help it but jump for happines ❤ he did a wonderful voice actin in such a little time in one single episode 🎩🪄🧙🧝 "you mean the owl laddy? Send her my regards, big fan 👍" thats sounded "So him" if ou ask me 😂😂 and the poweful "goodbye luz" it was just so damm EPIC!! He nailed it and made that scene looks really really crazy!! 🔥🔥  Sending Regards from Mexico-Mexicali👍 big fan (2012) ✌️✌️❤️
Did I hear “I’d like like some pound cake?”
👍
this is awful
What is this crap? Some decent animation, I guess..
It’s like night and day between this pilot and something like Hazbin Hotel or Smiling Friends. This feels more like something I’d see on NewGrounds rather than something I could imagine on a network or streaming service.
6:43 Is that a Street Fighter reference?
Episode 2 when?
I don't like it
I can’t wait for the next upload in 2027. But grateful and happy arin animating again
Idk chief, ain’t feeling this one
Egoraptor working on animation again? What a time
Idk how this was supposed to garner attention beyond diehard ego raptor fans.
hm
Even if it isn't the Raptor animating, this does bring me back to the good ol' days. Excited to see this!
The Mighty Officers really got me. 🤣
I want more!]
Sex
Please make this a series, its hilarious.
Make more
i lobe it
MOREEEE
Pull the operatives out of Venezuela? Sldkskdkd what
this is delightfully quarky
I thought u stopped making videos. Glad I was mistaken. Awesome vid me likey👍👍👍👍
Not really good. Should've traded toilet humor for edgy jokes. But overall it is just a stand alone NewGrounds cartoon.
THIS IS AWESOME!
This really had everything
Man it's tough to choose whose best girl. Amy seems pretty sweet and seems to be a very supportive girlfriend to James, hyacinth is just all around fun and energetic, and then there's begonia that's just calm and cool, total babe material 😆. Yeah it's a tough choice
Really reminds me of Big Top Burgers
Wait what, Arin's been working on a cartoon?? How am I just hearing about this now?!
Talk about nostalgia. I was back at my buddies house on Newgrounds, corrupting my little 6th grade mind.   I’ve missed these so much. Arin has always made me laugh so much, going back to the Awesome series is still a monthly thing I have to do.   Anyway 🔥🔥🔥🔥
I love how the characters literally turn into props lol
this is just fuckin nonsense
Dude, that was really awesome.
really hit that 10:01
this seems, rather unfocused
More pls!
That’s a big bag of rhubarb
GOD MY LUNGS BURST SCREAMING WHEN ARIN UPLODED
Lmao I like it
“Based on my real experience” proceeds to tell the most abstract, absurd, obscene, rambunctious, ridiculous, falsified, stupendously fictitious story known to all of man kind
And the people cried out in one voice. MORE!!!
How did I miss the return of the king?
lol random funny well done ego and crew
Oh man, this was great! Sucks it seems like youtube didn't bother to push it more to people
Remaster/remake sequelitist. I want more mustache.
Mmm yes very good, I wish for more
Good concept, lame execution.
shit 4 years long he has come back  i just note new videos i has think he has die by covid anyway
Oh wow this is incredible
god this was annoying
The animation is.....GREAT!
What?
Please someone raise a small memorial to the brain cells lost here today. 🫡
I came here for starbomb and was fucking shocked to see that there was a vid from "4 months ago"
This was hilarious haha I loved the animation style
So it's a straight white male version of Dead End: Paranormal Park?
the boss is maybe the best thing in this
I’m invested 💙
Could you please animate Vegeta's Serenade by Starbomb? You're the only that can truly do it justice.
I farted the same time as carrots, w videos
1:38 best scene for sure. That brief shot was an S and the rest of the episode was C-B tier with glimpses of A
i wanna see more!!!!
Dude wtf why wasn’t I alerted about this episode, this is the most amazing freaking episodes Ever
MIGHTY...SPIDER-KIIIIIISSSS????
Egotaptor sure looks like that guy from that Game show where they get all Grumpy and junk and stuff...
Is mega man x still ur favorite game?
Half of this sounds like it was recorded in a single take.
@egoraptor , my boy and I used to crack up watching your videos back in high school. graduated '13 and its good to see you're still out here making people laugh and making dope content. Bless up brother!
Oh hey! i just wanted to know why you never released chapter 4 eggs for bart
omg pretty good cartoon! I giggled!
i can't believe this is all based on a true story
no.
You could tell around 6:30 that Arin had to have a break.
god arin stop just give it up
EAT THIS POO EATER
omg Arins finally did a good ol fashion non music toon again!
Omg I just now discovered this channel. This video is like Super Jail meets Invader Zim. I freaking love this humor. I need more
Well well well long time no see huh your number one fan is here
lovely
no way
Would you ever collab with MeatCanyon?
Amazing how many voices were Arin's amazing work
so... let's think about this. is carrot a mascot or not? if they're some sort of dangerous creature, then why are they disguising as a friendly character?
Where can we watch it?
Ego raptor and animation together once again
He's back. 🥰
well this one will be difficult for the guys over on rule34 but I'm sure they'll find a way.
We need another Mario video animated by him 😂 like Luigi ballad
Not Awesome Series = Not awesome
Hey just want to say I’m a huge fan and i love this please make more :)
Congrats on your Creator Clash 2 win! Good for you! I was screaming my head off when you won.  You deserve it!
i love how half the voices are now just "Arin from game grumps"
I can't tell if Arin was on something while making this or if he's just lost it entirety.
Always thought Arin was hilarious as a voice actor, and I've been waiting for a while to see more! This is awesome!
sorry am I high or am I having a stroke?
3 months ago??? The hell???  Egoraptor is still around!!! I am still waiting for another episode of Girlchan in Paradise 😢😢😢  Wait, I can animate now 🤔🧐
HOW IS THIS GUY THE TITAN OF THE BOILING ILES????!!!!
Me wants a running series of this.
Welcome back, Ego
He worked in New Jersey?
Wtf he actually uploaded
Titan, you're the titan!
This is like Dead End meets a very tame Rick & Morty?
unlikely you will see this but I've followed for awhile i.e since the newgrounds era. Just here to say that please keep animating
Hey papa titan!
4/10, alright for a pilot
wtf this is so good i hope this gets picked up
YOU'RE KING'S DAD!!?!?!?
PAPA TITAN??? 😭😭😭😭
I love how fluid the animation is. It reminds me of what I'd see in Baman Piderman.  Looking forward to more eps! ^_^
This Pilot has the Bad luck of comming after Lackadaisy, a full season of Helluva Boss and many indie proyects doing great.  The jokes are all over the place, the story is hard to follow, couldn't tell which character was talking when Arin voices them, didn't care that much about the characters. Overall confusing... Animation-wise it's good.  Just my opinion, but 5.5/10
Finally... dear GOD, Finally...
Wish you guys were Mario and Luigi in the new movie
Wat?
I missed this!? Cool animation btw xD
Homie it’s been 3 years not a while no a fucking entirety that’s how long it’s been bro
the movement is so good. the boss is my absolute favourite
All this and he didnt even fucking animate it
This was a treat!😁
Your music gives me so much nostalgia
Wa... what?🗿 What was that And what's that ending?🗿🗿
This was the best thing I've all five sentses in a awhile 😀👍
This is a lot more pedantic and charming than I remember, it's still a bit off but that's just sorta how things like this start, I'm very excited to see more :3
wtf is even that? I like it
Yo what this is fucking awesome id so watch this. Please tell me more is coming
Dead channel… … …NO!
This made me laugh so much please do more of these!
is this the guy from the tester
Dear Mr. Hanson, I love you. Please co-op with your Uncle Cecil and write a comedy how-to book.  P.S. Tell Dan I said hi!
Neat, but the dialog needs some work, in my opinion. Love the animation style.
Seems like someone watched too much harem anime. A slew of pointless characters, a slew of subplots that go nowhere, and worst of all, a spineless MC who nobody wants to be the MC.  If this pilot picks up anywhere, I hope for ya for the very least you'll get rid of that MC, or tone it down. He actually became more pathetic as the pilot went on, which is impressive.
I do not like this  bye
😐...wut? This was brutal and not in a good way. Gags and punchlines with zero jokes to set them up. Obviously I'm getting old and this is just not my thing...or something.   Good luck. 👍
Bro remembered his roots
That is some next-level dog sh*t.
hasn't even broken 1 million views, pathetic
It's like a toothless Newgrounds parody animation that runs on too long. Haha POOP! xDDD Stick to let's plays, Arin.
This made me realize that Egoraptor is still stuck in 2012. This was unfunny.
wow that sucked
Wow, that fucking sucked.
someone tell Arin his voice over is best in egoraptor drawn animations
Man fell off hard 😔
This isn't Girlchan in Paradise... Why!?
I keep coming back to this animation because of how LSISNA LIKE GN MI DGC IT IS ITS SO BEAUTIFULLL
Dang three months ago?    I’m late 😂
oh man i hope we get a comeback of this channel again :D
I like the Doug inspired flash back sound 😂
8:01 I think on this scene's composition, the background should've turned dark slowly til the end, the overrall lighting could've dimmed and her eyes could've turned somewhat more macabre. You can barely see the skull in her eyes. I believe it would've made this scene a bit more intense. In fact, some scenes need a bit more intensity on their delivery, like when the other park is first shown. But I like the pilot overrall. It's funny and the characters are cool. It's just these little things that could see some improvement.
I'm glad to see him working GG on stuff
The friend who makes gay and poo jokes is not funny. Was this written by a lonely 13 year-old?
awesome video hope it gets picked up! id love to see another kingdom hearts charity stream!!
This thing has sound issues. Absent or unimpressive sound effects. Where is the damn music?
The animations good but it really suffers from Arin being most of the voice actors.
Dude I’d watch a whole series of this. Egoraptor is S tier
Bro I thought they lost their account lmfao I'm glad this channel is back
This feels like a more adult oriented O.K K.O! and I'm all for it!
Why does this have so few views
It has been 3 YEARS. where have you been papito
been a while? its been 3 years. lol i missed you.
I love seeing this channel active again, but this was really rough. The audio mixing was poor in places, and the central story was hard to follow. The next episode needs to be longer with a clarified flow and focus on fewer characters.
I need more of this
I would definitely watch 17 seasons of this
WHAT??? HOW DID THIS FLY UNDER THE RADAR
I disliked this.
Sequelietes please!?
Who remembers sequelitis!!! Its been a while
i will be so damn excited if this gets picked up
I love u arin
Hes alive goooood
this  felt like a fewer dream
A show made by you two would be a damn masterpiece
Lol I recogize that Doug flashback sound anywhere.
I like how they are laughing while they do the Mighty stuff
freakin love star bomb Im glad to see ya.
dude why is arin literally better at making cartoons then major studios
probably best to just.. stay away again
You forgot the jokes.
What I love about this animation is just it shows how arin thinks like I watch game grumps a lot and arin is great at making short skit bits in his head and it's like watching one in this vid I love it keep up the great work man.
I love this! I want MORE
Yes. We need this. 200 episodes please
Loved this!
You are very very Big!
Awe, kinda was hoping he was about to say; “animated by yours truly” 😔
No way the rabbit was a killer or something
I guess it was too much to expect him to animate it himself
RACISM IS BACK!
I adore the animation and style but it's a shame Arin's subpar voice acting is on top of it.
DOYOULIKETHEWAYPOOTASTES?!?
This was great
This is not Family Guy.
Wtf did we just watch lmao
Yea!! Welcome back!
DO THE SIMPEL PLOT OF DEVIL MAY CRY OR FUCKING ELSE NOWWW!!!!!!!!!!!!
Wow Arin looks really good
The animation carries this.
Sequelitis?
the sequences are cool but the characters are just annoying and scenes feel super disjointed :0 Just felt super ADHD, which could've been better if the show was in a lighter setting IN MY HONEST OPINION
Idk how I found this...I thought it was a real story time at first...it wasn't bad though. Interested to see the plot
when will be girlchan in paradise chapter 4 ??????????
Am I the only one getting the supergo vibe for the mighty officers?:D
This reminds me of Rooster Teeth's Camp Camp show they made if it was made by the people of Girl Chan in Paradise
I would love to binge watch  series of this I love the art style so much and the concept
We still love you Egoraptor!
Jeez this was... I don't want to sound mean, but I think the pacing and script could of used a lot of work. This kind of humor probably would of slapped like... 10 years ago, but nowadays it seems extremely dated. Chaotic may be an understatement on this one, and as much as I could enjoy Arin's voice, I think 7 characters voiced by him is a bit excessive. Hopefully the drawing board is revisited for any future episodes.
Welp that was a fever dream
I didn’t really like this that much
I'm not feeling this. Sorry dude.
NEVER PICK UP A PEN & TABLET AGAIN 🔥🔥🔥🐐
Adult swim will be wise two buy at least three seasons of this show
I be keen to watch this
thank you for the Doug flashback sound.
Remember when egoraptor was a *REAL* animator?
wtf did i just watch btw i was funny
The mixing is terrible
Good lord this is just awful
oh boy this is good
I haven’t watched game grumps in years but man it’s good to hear you voice acting again
oh god its awful...wow
🙂😕🙁☹️😔😞”WHAT HAVE THEY DONE TO MY BOY!!!”
80
welcome back! Thought you were finally sued by Nintendo and out of the biz but welcome back!
6:30 i find it really funny that Arin just started riffing and the animators just went with it you can hear laughter in the background near the end of the segment it works so well
Where did his Zelda Sequelitis video go???
woa
Arin, please make more Sequelitis:  Sonic, Double Dragon, Mortal Kombat, Street Fighter, Final Fantasy (though based on your Zelda video I bet you do not enjoy much of the FF series)
This show should have a subtitle: "Arin Hanson Voices the World"
Men this is soo good xD
Kinda surprised this only has 300K. I was under the impression this is the exact style of thing he got famous for in the first place.
Still enjoy the Steve Little voice you did in Borderlands 3 for the creepy creepy man. Top tier.
Ding Dong and Julian deserve justice.
What?
Love hearing the voice again.  Is there any possibility there will be a starbomb reunion in the future?
wtf is going on, 10/10 animation
I mean. This feels dated. Like something that would have been good in 2010. I love Airins stuff, but this ain't it.
This sucks
1:02 is so random but I love that scene
Mighty Kiss?
Ask yourself a simple question fellow Newgrounders of olde: Which is funnier? This or Smiling Friends?
Bruh i made a beat for you YEARS ago called “ Jerk “ and im so happy to see you doing well bro. Man the nostalgia
Superjail? But newground/Hanson style
this is a netflix special waiting to happen
Ego made a character with my name, I can die now
that girl who mailed in her lines should get a proper studio set-up if this is what she wants to do. The recording sounds ... not great.
this is genuinely incredible i must see more
Youre back? Nice
It's actually not bad. More set up for some of the gags and plot points so it doesn't feel as random it'll be really good. Has SuperJail energy.
Great video. Love your videos. You should try making Destiny parodies. I would pay and help write if you’re interested :)
God this is awesome!!!
Gotta be honest, not the biggest fan of Game Grumps nowadays, but this is genuinely great. No bias needed.
Getting Smallbu for the animation was probably the single greatest possible choice for this project. Aside from Arin himself, I'd say their style fits his humor PERFECTLY!
oh this is amazing
Please more
man this fucking sucks even for Egoraptor...oh sorry i mean Arin Hanson
I like It.
Not my style
This was a lot better than I expected and everyone's acting really elevated your style of comedy. Very Epic 👍
🥕
So how drunk am i supposed to be to watch this ?
I love how many characters Arin voiced for this. What talent.
Hi dude welcome back
Please get picked up please get picked up
make a digimon animation please
Metal gear awesome
wow, in many ways haha. loved that!
“HEY US THIS THE GUY THAT EATS POO?”  “YEA?”  “EAT THIS POO EATER!”
WHAT ARIN MADE AN UPLOAD AFTER 2-3 YEARS, LESS GOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!
This is amazing, I'm invested and want more now please thank you 😭❤
I wish u would make more vids on here man
So we getting a girl chan in paradise finale?
WHEN IS THERE MORE OF THIIIIIIIIIIIIISSSSSSSS
I love the chowder style intro
can't wait for episode 2!
want this to continue i want to know more about carrot
I'm going to be completely honest and tell you to give up man. This is embarrassing. I realize that the people who worked on are talented but the writing, blocking, and direction are some of the most amateur shit I've ever seen. It's just the same annoying, childing garbage you made with your awesome series of cartoons, but less edgy and it's not 2006 anymore.   Seriously Arin, give up on this. You're never going to make it in animation.
More… MORE!!! We love it!!
This is actually so weird, i don’t even know if I like it or not. The art is great tho ngl
You’re done kid. It’s too late
Animation is good. Show concept and writing isn’t great
Im getting superjail vibes from this pilot. Great work
This... this is pretty good
loved it ❤such an amazing job
This whole animation was AWESOME
Neat
At 8:23 is my favorite running animation. XD
Wonderful to hear old egoraptor do his thing. Reminds me of my middle school days watching newgrounds 🥰
This was not good. There are literally game grumps fan animations with more soul than this
The visual comedy is extremely entertaining to watch. Half the content in this show is just taking in the jokes on screen
Hey, it's the Shuffle Master !
The king remembered his password let's go gamers
My only problem is that everyone is isn't voiced by arin.
Fever Dream Energy.
The Mighty Officers are absolutely a hilight of this lol
Are Slim Jim and Amy dating⁉⁉⁉I ship it
Omg. I fucking loved it. More
This is no less insane than anything else that you have created... AND I LOVE IT!!!
More Arin Voices! hoping for more "girl chan in paradise"
MOAR!!!!
I've missed his animations so much.
I thoroughly enjoyed this and would watch more of it
The pacing of this is so weird in the best way. Like my brain expects a very formulaic pacing, and when focus is put on random but cool things that don't seem to feed into an overall greater narrative, it kind of distracts my brain into just chilling out and enjoying the ride. And it's those little things that give an opportunity for the kind of world building you could never have time for in a more formulaic paced story.
Wow that was actually really good! I hope to see more from this project 😁
Terrible
Wow I'm surprised you made a cartoon after all this time I really miss your Awesome  series
this was the most unfunny thing i have seen this year so grats for that
MY CORNS!
I really missed you animation and sense of humor. Thanks
So much nostalgia!!
:D
How the mighty have fallen
Damn, Arin had it rough in that theme park.
0:54 I really enjoy the recurring background joke of "mascot guy wipes sweat from his brow while he's wearing the costume"
he returns!! very cool, and i hope to see more! :D
not even three minutes in to the video and i already love it. it’s funny, clever, and as an ex employee of a certain theme park i love that its a universal experience
Ait. This goes hard.
Can't believe Arin , I remember when he used to make let's plays....*sigh*
The best part about this was the voice acting by Anjali Bhimani and Becca Q. Very entertaining and cool sounding characters
I completely forgot what an absolute made genius Arin is.
I love everything about this! Lol I laughed so hard.
The return of the king.
All along it wasn't Egoraptors cartoons we needed, just a cartoon with his spirit in it.
Okay , this is good! I love how even though this wasn't animated by Egoraptor, it still very much feels like his style. One note I do wanna give is maybe tone it down with the more improvised bits like with the Mighty Officers? I enjoyed the more scripted stuff a lot mor,e both in terms of comedy and story, especially as the characters and setting are already very enjoyable to me.
bro what
Yes. More please.   Hahah I loved the high energy, train of thought type of comedy
Holy crap I just saw this today and I have already rewatched it at least a dozen times. This show is so much goofy and pure fun I really really hope you and the team get a chance to make this into a full series!
Nothing has made me happier than getting a notification from this channel.
arin is looking really good. damn. he's really taking care of himself.
music by ninja brian himself!
I was waiting for mighty punch, mighty punch, mighty kiss?
its like 85% great and I love it so much cuz it feel like a classic but I see the Steven universe generic try to hard humor and it hurts. ... but don't get me wrong I like it a lot. I've been a fan of Ego Oney and other loveable  new grounds people since 2007. I just wish they all got along.
Maybe a little too many voices voiced by Arin, especially back to back with characters, kinda ruins it.
10/10
Loved it
Hi
thank you arin
This is toooo well made man :0, the pilot is so  so good haha
Yooooooo
This is terrible.
That was an enjoyable cartoon. Glad Arin still animates and stuff.
It had its moments, but was chaotic and unfocused to a fault. Your voice acting is fabulous as always and the animation was good too.  This kind of high energy pacing just ends up feeling kinda overstimulating in longer form stuff, could really benefit from a bit of breathing room if y'all are making more of these
Reminds of Dead End: Paranormal Park, in not only it taking place at a park but also the demons.
I need james and orange hair to date
Omfg!!!! This is so awesome!😊
THE DOUG FLASHBACKS ARE GIVING ME LIFE lol!! i hope to see more of this and  SEQUELITIS.....when he can
I hope the show gets picked up I would watch it
so this is a pilot? i wonder if anyone will pick it up
Yup, I like it.
Welcome back!
When will there be more episodes. I need them. Like bad.
Egoraptor is written all over this cartoon and i love it
Intresting pilot. This feels a little bit inspired by close enough. The pacing was a little all over the place but comparing it to something adjacent like smiling friends I like it’s silliness and goofiness and the animations are very fun.
P a r d o n ?
This very much feels like watch FLCL I have no idea what's going on, but I will keep watching even if tis the last thing I do.
Having just discovered sequelitis and now seeing a new upload makes me feel like I cheated.  This is funny btw.
That sure was a lot. A lot of characters, a lot of words, but not a lot of rythm or timing. it's just a onslaught of jokes. It's a shame that this wasn't better than it was because it seems like a lot of love went into it but not a lot of thought. Like a script was made fairly fast without many drafts. Like there is no coherence framework for the crazy jokes to fall into, it's all just kind of floating around. We don't really get any stable character dynamics because every scene seems to introduce a new character without telling us much about them. I mean they don't need deed backstories or anything but it's not really clear how these characters relate to eachother. Why couldn't our main character just be paired up with another worker as their trainer on their first day or something? Having Arin voice so many characters doesn't really help with the feeling that all these characters are pretty much blending together as they lack very unique personalities.   I don't know if Arin has many peers to show this too but it seems like if you showed this script to anyone who knows what they're doing their first instinct would be to ask why some of those characters need to be there instead of having them be the same character. I mean if this was something Arin just made to get back into animating I wouldn't analyze it so much but since it seems more like a little production with all these people involved I want to put some effort into thinking about it and examining why I don't really think this lands.   It feels like there are ideas here that all could have used more time to breathe and be established over the course of like three vids but now they're all mushed together without rhyme or reason. I wonder what will come from this and I wish all the people who worked on it the best.
The animation is really wonderful, especially at 8:15, love it
MIGHTY spider kiiiisss?
Drat.. I want more now 😫
6:29 Arin can’t contain his own laughter, and they leave it in 😂
The Carrot massacre is so funny oh my GOD
Feels like another Egoraptor cartoon! Just like the good ol days on newgrounds!
I no like
welcome back
This gives off old new grounds vibe and I love it
AS A VENEZUELAN, I APPROVE.
i would watch this series, i loved it. it had a classic egorapter feel!
very dated
2:19 Oh wow, that's a nice mascot. *Plays animal crossing and sees Zipper T Bunny* .....wait. Jokes aside this looks like a pretty good project. I hope it catches on.
Yo if you got time drop another sequelitis video bro, they are still good 10 years later 😭
Egoraptor...made a cartoon...in 2022? This must be a fever dream.
Big mid energy
Aww damn that was short, I wanted more
Ngl the Carrot running animation is fucking PHENOMENAL, everything else too. I hope this Pilot shoots off, the team deserves it (and I thought it was funny and I’d love to see more)
Seems like Arin is doing all the male voices xD
How did they find SO MANY people who sound like Arin?
this was terrible.
Lol I thought the disneyland thing was YOUR MASSIVE FIRST STEP AT BECOMING A POWER RANGER. haha a sketchy cartoon 25 years later will have to do eh
Animation is okay. Voice acting is decent. But the writing? Holy crap. Please. No. So much “so randum!!!” and reliance on non-ironic peepeepoopoo jokes. The actual storytelling was all over the place, nothing is connected. You can get away with that when it feels intentional and works to the humor’s benefit but in this case, it absolutely did not.
i had to stop watching after 7 minutes and i didnt even crack a smile lol
garbage human being frfr
MY CORNS!
"James, More like, Slim Jim" That fucked me up because bullies really do be like that.
This is hilarious! I hope it does well enough for you guys so that more happens. Second viewing. Will watch, again! 🤍
i love it! Your voice acting is versatile and the animation looks grrrrreat! Can hardly wait to see what the deal is with Carrot!
Wow, this sucks.
AWESOME
Egoraptor is back!  Sick animation
Please make more Sequelitis
"Mighty Frankensteiner!"
the only thing I didn’t like about this pilot is the fact that slim Jim is nothing but a butt monkey who always gets his ass kicked more times than an average MC slice of life anime male protagonist but I do hope you go through with that idea someday but if you want my advice don’t make slim Jim a butt monkey like Meg griffin and Squidward because that’s just terrible   Edit: yet again at least It didn’t portray the other characters that Jim gets paired up with as relatively good people like what OK KO did but you see there should be a balance between shitty people and good people in media or else It’ll be too Insufferable if it’s either too good or too bad
Man I feel bad for Arin if this was his experiance at *non-specific theme park*. I mean, he did say it was his worst job.
i would pay a lot of money to watch this on adult swim
Mighty officer's using street fighter moves lols but in words
And he’s back. I want to just start off by saying that I personally wasn’t here to witness the golden years of the channel, but the legacy that you brought has stayed and inspired multiple generations of artists and animators and I hope that this next project of yours can entertain this new generation who will find your style charming and addicting as I did. I’m one of those who have only heard of the legends of “star-bomb” through the side bars of youtube videos and recommendations many years past its prime, and i’m glad to be part of something new and simply so- _fun._ I wish you and your team the best of luck on the future of this project, and i’ll definitely be watching closely. :3
Just the "sir i peed myself" and the "dont worry it happens to all of us" had me dying
this took me back to the Newgrounds days of finding the Awesome series. This needs to be greenlit into a streaming series. Arin you need to rebuild your animation empire!
Arin working the tram tour at Disney-MGM Studios at the time when the Power Rangers used to make appearances near his ride is totally just a coincidence
.... what kind of fuckin fever dream....
Woah that Eldritch beast broke the 4th wall. "And stop talking directly in the camera"  Funny and godly powers? Already best character in the show.
Harley Wayne closet weeb 💜
Jesus, they really packed this with all the flavors of Arin, you could consume
Arin's voice makes me think of Justin Long for some reason.
3 years 😐
Uhuuu
Wait this isn't felling good inc
Nani dafuq? Lmao
😂😂 the mighty officers kicking the shit out of slim jim is so hilarious
wow the dude’s got a black girlfriend who’s totally a witch lmfao
HE'S ANIMATING AGAIN YEEEEEEESSSSSS
Not sure what I just watched.
... is... is Carrot... is Carrot an SCP?
I love your work! I know it has been long. But WE ALL KNOW that you can't just farm gold. Your work is amazing! We love  you! You do you, just know we love and support you!
I swear, if someone reply's and says the telegram thing, I won't be surprised.
I swear, if someone reply's and says the telegram thing, I won't be surprised.
What the heck? It's all over the place
Really scratched and old itch, absolutely loved it great work.
Lookin' great! So the next Sequelitis episode will be released...when???
I can't imagine any parallel between this and real events
Damn, that's got legs. Bravo.
This is awesome! It's like Superjail but in a theme park? Sign me up!
I am very happy to watch this Animation on the Internet, as I have watched other Animations on the Internet in days since passed.
I want a whole video of the rats fighting, please and thankyou.
Holy shite, Aye-Rin is anuh mating agayin'.
Arin Hanson talks to himself for 10 minutes
This brought me right back to Arin’s Newgrounds days.  Please keep up the awesome work, guys!!
What a fever dream of a cartoon 😆
Arin animating, I did my machine to freeze hell works. Now to extort Satan for feet pics.
Dude this is straight up hypnosis! Because I have no idea what I just watched yet I strangely feel happy!
Better than Boobland.
Waits for girlchan in paradise 3
Holy hot shit finally more animation.
Except for the audio mixing , This is solid work.
sometimes i forget arin can draw
I paid sixty dollars for THIS??!
Im liking how Carrot is just the right amount of insane and likeable that we will be rooting for him and the eventual war that will ensue between him and the shadowy upper management team.
this is horrible lmao
3 / 10
This was...pretty medicore at best
This looks like a new CN show
Pt2 ???????
I really like the pixelated background at 5:00. I think it would be cool to develop that more into the style for the show
Awesome video 😊👍
Awesome video bro, keep up the good work, new sub 👍 😊
Wow
6:24 I love how Arin can’t help but laugh and just keep making up hero moves while he does these voices, makes me chuckle with him.
this is when arin worked at Disney land
You F32k! I love it! better than anything I would get on Tv! Just don't get to Gross. Monkey wrench should be out soon... Keep doing you and grab stamper as a voice actor...if possible...doubt it.
This is amazing!!!!
moar
I really loved this! Hope to see more
This was ridiculous, I'll definitely watch the next one, and I learned about it though the gif you posted of the Justice marshals hip hipping james.
So was this a pilot your were trying to pitch? I would watch a few episodes of this.
10/10
Just what I’ve always wanted. An animated short where Arin voices 80% of the characters.
Egoraptor!!! bro i love you so much dawg!
Arin finally remembered how to Draw
I love the Metal Gear Gekko like mascot rampage 😁
Good
More please!
Wow, I knew I recognised the song in the anime cuts.  Pride by Souichi Sakagami if you're wondering. Great song
the mighty officers sound design sucked
ARIN! Put the mighty officers as the thumbnail!!!
well, that was pretty good. welcome back!
Created by: Arin Hanson. Actually drawn and animated by: Smallbu
3 years for this?..... maybe I really have grown up in all thT time he spent away.
Personally, I found this entertaining. The animation was great and I found the writing to be above average, at least for my standards. The quality of the jokes are of course subjective, but they fit my sense of humor perfectly. There was nothing that really made me audibly laugh, but there were a lot of moments that made me crack a smile. There was definitely a LOT of stuff packed into this episode, and the pacing was laced with ADHD (Which I'm fine with since I have ADHD but even I thought it was a bit too much at times), but I'm willing to forgive it since this IS the pilot episode after all. Changes are probably gonna be made and concepts improved on. For the voice acting, even though half of the characters are Arin, it was quality stuff. The VAs that weren't Arin did awesome, and Arin himself did alright too! I especially love the voice for Mr. Carrots. BUT! Audio mixing definitely needs some work. I don't really know what to say about it since I'm not exactly an expert in the field, but some things definitely sound off. Overall though, I dig it. Can't wait to see what's next for SlimJim!  Also, I'm seeing a lot of the comments are comparing this to Smiling Friends. Personally, I cannot see any resemblance between the two besides the fact that they were both made by famous internet people and maybe a slight similarity in the titles? Even that is a stretch though, since the similarity is the words "Smile" and "Happy".
I see several hate comments, okay yeah its bad
The small boo is palpable
I do see the Baman and Piderman in it 6.2/10 I don’t think this would work as a series. The reason why Baman and Piderman work is they don’t throw  10,000,000,000 stuff at the 1st episode and also it’s more relaxed.
I feel like the main character is a little too much. try dialing back a bit maybe. either way this looks like something special
it's like modern nostalgia
Too bad this did not come out 8 years ago. A lot of work from the team is here, but the humor and voice acting isn’t great. Where is the music and background noises?
more
I thought you abandoned this channel
some of these scenes remind me of kill la kill
holy shit he is back
Carrot is OP.
Still waiting for PokeAwesome 3
Seeing a new a Egoraptor upload in 2022 is almost uncanny
Oh geeee A New vídeo of agoraptor
Could we get a girlchan in paradise series instead?
This is not funny
Wee
He's back after 3 years bois!?
More!!!
YES!!!!! FINALLY!!! I knew the patience would be rewarded! Some day...
New content, but it's so reminiscent; love it! Keep it up man!
Begonia is best girl       change my mind
Hi arin
Very good. Welcome back. I love it
i appreciate the hyper but casual vibes
I fucking love this! My wife worked there also so we laughed SOOOOO much at this. (her's was nervous laughter though) I dig the hell out of this! Good work everyone that worked on this, EspeciallyNinjaBrianPleaseDontKillMe
Just sounds like ego raptor doing the same 3 voices where the longer they talk they merge into the same voice. Like smiling friends but without the talent
simultaneous pants shitting is the funniest bit ever
No more Sequilits?
YES.
Yes.
Holyyyy shiitttttttt
He has returned
WTF Arin? I...Mean...I loved it! Seriously can't wait for more of type of content.
I kinda of wish that this was animated by him and that he can bring back the awesome series of videos
everyone arin voiced reminds me of a brandon rogers character
I don't see how this can go on as a series.  The writing doesn't complement it's run time and has a few too many title drop references that don't land. This almost feels like a time capsule of Egoraptor's internet animation humor, while lacking a lot of ambient sounds, and musical flairs.  it's great that the scenes are wacky and extreme with it's cartoon approach, but the composition for many shots were rough and could have used some revising during the storyboarding process. Also Arin does not have enough range to voice act all these characters.  It's fine for other internet animators, but seeing it's Arin who has done work in video games and tv, it comes off a bit egotistical, especially with how popular Arin has been in the internet communities and really world contacts. It's great to see Arin return to animation while taking a more backseat approach, but it's not sincere enough to justify it's existence. Arin has been a critique for as long as he's been known as an artist now, and it's unfortunate to see him plateau and not be able to deliver as a visionary. While his contemporaries never gave up following their pursuits and continue to aim towards tv and video game development, Arin plays video games and holds his tongue to appeal to larger crowds.
I like the part when he said "it slim-jimmying time" and then he got fired.
Sometimes I forget just how good Arin is at different voices because I get to hear them so much on grumps videos, but seeing it on display here for so many characters was really impressive. If I didn't recognize all of Arin's parts as his voice there are a couple characters that I don't think I would have realized were voiced by the same person
another 3 seasons of this please
The animation was good
I love the gestures and expressions and how James talks it's so adorable
Ah, so that's what Worthikids, including the Buteras, have been working on. Great outcome, though!
Imma be completely honest, everyone here barring Arin is doing such a good job. This feels like a really bizarre attempt to emulate Justin Roiland's stammery improve style of humour but unlike him, all Arin can do is reference video games and say poop.
Oh shit. The king returns.
The superGo team!
Arin feels really good in his element.
egoraptor W
yooooo dad came back with the name brand milk
Arin plays to many characters with no variation in how they speak, its just the same voice
This is amazing! Watched and recommended to friends! 👍👍 The animation is fresh and fluid, and the comedy is fast paced and engaging! Very excited to see more!
Can't wait for eps 2
its ehhhh
This wacky animation and Ego Raptor's over the top dyslexic voice acting style really fit perfect 🤣
This has the energy from back when people just put stuff on the internet because the artist liked it, not because it would please the algorithm gods. Wild.
Oof
I need so much more.
I clicked on this video thinking it was some cartoon I hadn't seen from 10 years ago. Holy shit. Overall I think I liked it but something felt off? The pacing maybe? It felt like jokes maybe didn't have time to really "land" before the next one. Really felt like a 2 min NG cartoon but extended to 10 mins - not terrible though.
When the bills need paying:
The king returned
how much of the production budget went recovering the password for this old fossil 🤔
So when is episode 2 dropping? Quality comeback for egoraptor, very satisfied. 5stars, highly recommend.
Excellent work on the background, Matt Cummings
Erm, yep! That's a banger post
Arin really watched Smiling Friends and said to himself "I can do that"
how did the pilot turn out more amateur than your videos from 10 years ago?
This is extremely one brand if him and I love every second of it LOL that was great
Wait so did Arin animate this? I got confused since he created it, executively produced it and voiced it so wasn’t sure if he actually did the animation itself.  Any help would be lovely brothers!
when the mighty officers started just fighting each other i lost it
I really enjoyed this pilot. The dynamic between slim jim and carrots has great potential and the  mighty officers giggling ambiently after saying battle moves is hilarious.
I hope it becomes a series and we get episode 2 soon
I love animation that really pushes the limits on what the medium can do, and this felt like that on some many levels. Amazing work.
I don’t really like this. I don’t think it’s engaging, and I don’t think it’s paced well. I probably couldn’t do better but I still don’t like this very much. Hopefully the next one is better.
There's something about Arin saying the line "OK indoor voices" that just seems absurd to me. Like, considering his track record I wasn't aware Arin knew what an indoor voice was and more or how to use one. 🤣
I subscribed to this channel years ago because I loved Arin's "Sequelitis" and "Awesome" videos, I wasn't expecting him to upload something made by him here ever again, best of luck in your projects Arin.
Funny 👌
So many arins in this video
Not bad egorapter. Not bad at all.
"A while"  It's been 3 years
Love that he started the video crediting all the people who worked on the project
thanks
This is amazing. Please make more. I remember you were saying that you wanted to get back into animation. I'm proud of you Arin
Want some of that smiling friends pie? Lmfao
The choice to leave the little giggles in really sold the Mighty Officers scene for me ☺️
Good… could use more updog
Man I've missed this channel
I like how Arin added the Walt Disney head reference.
This was great, but something just doesn't feel right about the sound.
3:35 I HAVE TO PEE!!!!!
24 hours after this was posted, and someone will still say, "i miss when Arin would animate"
what
I absolutely love this, it takes me back to when I first discovered the Awesome Series on Newgrounds over 15 years ago when I was in hs. This has a very similar energy to it and I am 100% here for it. Hope it get's picked-up, best of luck Arin!
I am... SO EXCITED for this. This episode was amazing, I'm so happy to see/hear my boi in another wildly saturated cartoon!!!
Not so good
That moment "AGH, THE BABBADOOK!" Really got me smiling. The comedy is so quick.
Arin’s “Do you think???”. Never not funny to me. XD 8:17
He’s back?
Um. Why yes. I like this and want more.  I've also often wondered how people who aren't as familiar with Arin's voice as we are watch these. Can they tell it's all the same guy? Is it distracting to them? I'll never know.
I didn’t even grin through any of this. Bummer.
GUYS, WAKE UP! EGORAPTOR UPLOADED!
This kinda sucks. What happened? Why does the dialog suck and the cuts aweful.
After 3 years bro is back
Holy sh*t!
that was quite honestly disappointing
ARIN THAT WAS AMAZING. I honestly can't wait for more episodes if you have time in your busy schedule.
I think Carrot is my sleep paralysis demon.
Somebody PLEASE pick this up!! I've watched this so many times already. XD  IWANNABEAMIGHTYOFFICER!!
Hate to regurgitate dead jokes but... this... this tastes like Egoraptor!!
Work  more on character development. I had no idea wtf was going on because of it... Other than that.. I love you Arin.
Yeah 3 years
He remembered his password
Absolutely amazing 👏 😍 The animation is so vibrant and unique, I especially love the way you animated James mumbling and talking over himself 😆
This is garbage.
I just wish he animated it being an egoraptor style! The animation is still really nice tho!
Oh finally!
As much as I loved this for the story and egoraptor styled animation, the one thing it missed for me was the anger that the original Egoraptor animations used to have. I can’t wait to see more but hope you incorporate it somehow.
Christmas came 10 days early!!!      ...and I got here 6 days late
Ya still got it
The happiest place on earth
I WANNA SEE MORE!!!
This is great. More please.
well that was crazy and a thinly veiled message saying Disney parks are evil.  my favorite part is the bully who likes anime but is insecure about it so he bullys other fans
Super funny video, keep posting more 🙌
Damn! Hello! It's been a while!
Wow, this was actually just horrible
If this gets picked up I hope Arin still voices 90% of the cast <3
I lost it at 2:45
This took me right back to the days of Awesome series. I love it from beginning to end!
Could have sworn I heard Jesse Nowack's voice, but she's not in the credits so I'm wondering what's up. Anyway, great to see this channel awaken from its dormancy.
interesting cartoon
The mighty officers are sooooo hot
Duuuuude! I've been a huge fan of Arin's since the NewGround days. I even remember looking at all of his old art from his school years that he uploaded on his website. I would definitely love to see this become a full blown show. Love your work, man. Don't ever stop, don't ever give up.
this was completely unHINGED and it was great
1:38 putting on the customer service smile
Hiring any VAs?
very creepy and cool. awesome fight scene of carrot vs the soldiers, so fluid and dynamic with the way carrot distorted and moved.  also looooooooooved the way the boss lady just fucking shined in her scene, that whole interaction was fucking awesome
I had so much trouble following what was going on
6:29:00 😆 getting major GG flashbacks... "MIGHTY PUNCH! MIGHTY KICK! MIGHTY Kiss??~ MIGHTY PUUNCHH!!"
Really liked this. Felt like a throwback to the days when animations were king on YouTube.
💜
The subplot was awesome. Everything else just set fire to it.  It can't haunt you if you burn it. Sometimes you need to set fire to it to set it free. B u r n  i t.
So good, adored the fast paced humour, seeing Arin voice so many of the characters, I could feel the life that was put into this project.
MY CORNS
What's with the sabliminal satanism?
Are those gray hairs or just your dyed hair 😥
It really feels like the good old Newgrounds flash animations
i hope arin watches chilluminati, they got a few disney episodes they could use as inspiration.
This is great! My one note is the sound design feels off, it's really quiet and the mixing of the voices, sounds, and music doesn't feel super professional. Adding more music would definitely help. That being said, I love the animation, the very Arin humor, the voice acting, the story so far, everything is intriguing and I want to see more
The stylings of this are awesome! Poor Slim Jim. Hope his second day is better!
Documenting my presence for future me
LETS GOOOO
Reminds me of Super Jail
As someone who currently works at that same…certain theme park, I love this. Also I laughed out loud at “MY CORNS!”
This was so good!!!
"I can't believe they eat poo here" fucking killed me
Holy shiFt! Its egorp rorptorp that’s crazy, I wonder if there will be any follow through. Gee, I sure hope so
This is gonna be a series? Awesome!
I didn't super enjoy the overall rythm of the animation but there were some parts where it went completely off rail that I truly loved, like the mighty officers doing mighty combo moves. Or... [spoiler (kinda)] when the new hire doesn't get fired in the end and tries to announce it to the other employees in the locker room. Those moments were real fun
I love the concept
This channel finally got some love
This was a lot to find stoned at work 😅
Idk what to say, just commenting cuz I love this and want it to blow up ❤️
What a pleasant surprise
OMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOGM
This was thoroughly entertaining.  I can't wait to see more of this, if for no other reason, then for the fact that working corporate retail is almost identical to this.  Hang in there, Slim Jim.  As a fellow "James", I wish you luck.  😆
most excellent man
Low key egoraptor some what sound like Seth MacFlarne
Mighty kick! Mighty punch! Mighty kiisssss??
MORE
Really enjoyed this overall and adore the concept! If i had a recommendation, maybe keep the MC James more of the straight man to juxtapose him being surrounded by whacky characters in a weird environment. It feels like the others are already whackier than he is so maybe play on that so hes not competing with them.
Woah!
This is chaotic I love it Is the fact that the episode ends on a fart a deliberate reference to the first episode of Adventure Time?
I could see this on Adult Swim honestly. Just saying.
I think this is in a sense. A buried video. Probably because without starbomb it's been eight years since the last upload. With only 10% of your base having seen it yet. I didn't even see it in my feed until today fourbdays late. I mean, it's complicated with who might still be subscribed to you here or at GG and the direction that flowed is a discussion for sure. The viewer retention is gonez and you put in some hard work here too,nicely done. Best of luck, and I get it, that job probably has some other yood stories. Love to see those a bit later.
Absolutely love this, great to see you back at it doing some Arin things!! God I hope there's gonna be more to this. It's incredible!❤
This is so great so funny!
This was hilarious. I just wish the audio was handled a bit better. the levels were sort of all over the place and sounded "empty". Compared to other modern animation projects it seems pretty ameturish. Should probably get a different VA for the main character too. Arins voice doesn't really match him.  But has a lot of potential and hope they make more
This thing is chock full of iconic moments I'll be watching back as soon as in an hour probably!  I love love LOVE how the characters move around the screen, as an animator it makes me want to go on a mission to never do a shot- reverse shot again haha!
I love this!! classic egoraptor vibes, glad to see Arin getting back into the animation world even if it's as a writer/ voice actor
You had me at smallbu crew.
That was wild
This was great to everyone involved. I hope we'll get more of this. Also Begonia sounds a who lot like Mandy from the grim adventures of Billy and Mandy. Love it all.
Amazing animation, much love to smallbu
Yes let's goooooo!!!!!!
Thumbnail looks fuzzy, fantastic work on the animation
So...much...yelling....
🔥🔥🔥
Thoroughly enjoyed and hope to see more 🎉
U kno... I missed this.
The mighty officers have nothing to do with killer 7 right?
this is mid
Took him 4 years 😂
Nice to see you still know how to direct a well funny and animated cartoon genuinely impressed.
:0
I liked it a lot! There were so many good animation gags- and so much movement and angles and it was just great! I think all the VAs did good too. The mc is a little too vacant for my tastes but I enjoyed all the supporting characters. Minus the poop/fart gags and really "HYPER-EXTRA" moments, I'd check it out.
This was okay
mommy evil CEO lady
i think i had a stroke
Wildest notification I got in a while
<3 worthikids title card and smallbu animation???? THATS what im tlaking about BABEY
Would have thought that you animated this , hell maybe you and a few people but idk
Holy shit i adore the animation !!
6:46 Mighty Officer Yellow: "I'd like some pound cake!"
The sync is off on your audio for me. i hope that is not the case for everyone. i'm only 10s in but it's weird like bad anime dub weird. waited for full opener to see if it was corrected but the issue stayed. sorry bruv. looks good tho.  i would watch this show. Are you pitching it to people or corps like cartoon network?
That was great! Keep em coming
Subscribed
This is great 👍🏼💖
I'm into it! I'd love to watch this.
The channel is alive again!
Welp, time to resubscribe
This is amazing and hilarious! I would put it in the same tier as Terminalmontage and Casvandepol!
[Egoraptor produced] Lindsay and Alex animated] Fukkin' S O L D
Not really into this, but it's great to see you back at it again after so long. Do hope to see more!
That eating poo joke never got old…in Rick and Morty where it was a running joke done well.
I like the part at 5:06 where the big head broke and the explosion effect was cut off on its left side in a weirdly jarring unfinished clearly no shits given style way. It’s almost like editing for this was a one take, rush job. Oops, did I just say that out loud?
When do you drop acid right before your first shift by accident
I...can't stop watching...
It was great!!
hahaha yes please! more please! yes!
...what?
Really does feel like I’m watching Sequelitis again. I do feel like the stuttering bits run a bit too long
this game grumps animated was really good damn
Omg!!!! Where is the new album you teased??!?
A POUND CAKE?
this is the greatest acid trip ever put to animation great job @Egoraptor
I want this!! I like this! I really really like this
🙂
this will never get picked up
I NEED TO PEE!
Wow
I NEED TO KNOW WHAT HAPPENS NEXT 🤯🫣😫😫😫😫
I miss when egoraptor played video games
finally egoraptor has uploaded after 3 fucking years, guess after this he wont be on this for another 10 years.
Yooo we got Worthikids in this?? Nice!
the chaos is so powerful, definitely a great recreation of the average first day at a themepark
i think im in love with this series already, i've missed egoraptor's animations so much
are u gonna upload it to teh newgrounds ? :-]
well done but feels forced :/
Im beginning to suspect ole Arnold might have ADHD. There was a lot going on in only 10 minutes.
Begonia(TM) is my waifu now.
do you think?
Remember sequelitis lol
Why is the audio mixing so fucking awful
Everyone is Arin except like 3 characters he’s going to get really tired of that soon.
Holy shit, i love it...
Sitting backstage at 4am watching this has me feeling a lot of type of ways.
My gods. It's a literal fucking Christmas miracle.
This was awesome!
My favorite part was the Doug flashback sound at 7:19
WOAH
I love the idea, but some of the dialogues and scenes were so fast I literally couldn't understand them lD a whole show of this would be too much for me
Love them little details like the Doug transition. This is fantastic!
goddamn this is amazing
Hey man I missed you! I haven't watched you from the golden days but... your content was awesome! (Until you disappeared in all that...) But who cares? you're back! And I hope you'll continue making great entertaining videos for all of us and yourself! ☺️
I feel like I would have enjoyed this a lot more 10 years ago. Something just feels off about it and I'm not sure what. It's well done as far as the animation and the voice acting goes. I just can't put my finger on it. I am glad that other people are enjoying it though. You can really tell that there was plenty of passion put into this.
I thought it was very cool, hire me for voice acting. I have a total of 0 hours experience and am also demanding that everyone like this comment so I get the job because that’s how jobs work and thank you very much in advance 😢🎉
nope
Feels Very Egoraptor
Yep, thawazz ahh pree tha- pree gu- you know what? Thatsss not so badszz that was good 👍. That's was good 😊
I like this, but too many of the voices sound too similar. I know Ego is doing many of them himself, but he needs to try and make them sound a bit more diverse.
Kinda sick ngl
Perfectly relatable job experience.
Boy howdy, this has ADHD absolutely coursing through its veins
This was hard to watch
LINDSAY AND ALEX SMALL BU!! I LOVE THEM! I literally finished rewatching all of Baman and Piderman earlier this week I am freaking out
This was so good!!
If you turn on CC he calls himself "Eagle Raptor" at the start of the video. LMAO
This is was hilarious! Can’t wait to see more!
S tier
I’d love to see more of this, it looks very nice
damn this sucked
The anime pin sound effect took me OUTTT lmaoooooo
Damn, from the credits it seems like Arin barely touched this thing. It's good quality but I'm pretty disappointed Arin didn't have any hand in the art or visuals.
I love the CEO boss lady oh my god
this shit sucks.
The gross out humor is a bit over the top, and I could do without the poop jokes. But the animation is really cool and I’d like to see where this goes.
WHAT. THE HELL. IS GOING ON HERE
why is everyone in this single episode iconic
idk why but the raccoon screaming at the beginning had me laughing so hard I had to pause the video 😂
Someone fund this NOW!!!!
Being able to hear Arin have so much fun voice acting again was something I really needed 😌 ❤️
Well that sucked, what else is on.
The legend is back
I thought you didn't work any more
If this actually becomes a show I want to watch it
What part of that was based off your actual experience working at a theme park???? Im so confused!!!
This was great, loved it
That was 500% overboard.
Despite the animation being stylish and wacky as hell, this... Was not that good. Far too chaotic, it was liquid adhd injected straight into my eyeballs. Like the worst of early 2000s RANDOM LOL humor without any of the staying power. Just Arin yelling everything, fart noises, and way too many repeated jokes. Yikes (cue the fanboys coming in saying ARINS THE BEST AT EVERYTHING AND ALSO MY FRIEND CUZ I MET HIM ONCE AT A CONVENTION SO SHUT UP AND LIKE IT BRO)
YES
omg love this soooooo much!!!! I really hope there will be a series!!
Pleasantly surprised to see this on my feed!
Can we get some comments with some constructive criticism instead of just a sea of "i love it!" I think theres some good here and some genuine feedback could help make it better.
Love how this pilot has the typical Egoraptor trademarks of being random af
This looks amazing but also what the hell did I just watch
This is the most feverdream-esque shit I've seen in a long time. Love it!
Love the transition from stopmotipn to 2D in the beginning. Such a fun animation!! :]
Bring back sequelitis!
Very interessting concept and Story. Do make an 2. Part of it?
Thats was absolutely hilarious, cant wait to watch this about 10 more times
something's off with the voice of arins main character. sounds like his mic is on the other side of the room, very different from the girl when she's talking on the bus to him.
"If I ever make a let's play, please kill me" - Arin Hanson, shortly before doing exactly that thing he just publicly decried
Jesus I can’t watch this…
When I saw the notification for this I was excited - and after watching it i am SO NOT disappointed! Can't wait to see more!!!
8:13 i love arins "DO YA THINK!?!?" its one of his mannerisms that ive always loved
I am in love with the way Carrot moves
Come right along, enjoy the sights aaaaand ignore the possum mimic gnawing at your salad
Throughly enjoyed watching it! 👀 we need a second episode for this show ASAP and judging by the animation we could get it real soon with the few FPS each scene has
Hmmm the quality of the animation isn't up there with Helluva Boss or egoraptor but it fits the attitude of what the show is going for which is comedy and the goofy faces and expressions fit Arins style. Not a bad watch at all. Good job 👏
amazing.
Ah the annual egoraptor post that’s a colab with someone else that we’ll never hear about again  miss the old egoraptor ;(
It's weird to see a new "egoraptor" animation (yes I know he didn't do this by himself or something) have such low viewership 2 days in. Any other Newgrounds heavyweight positing a new cartoon would hit a million in a week, and always seem to. I guess he kind of burned the bridge with anyone who used to like his animation stuff and people he worked with.
Great pilot, super funny. I haven't liked a cartoon pilot this much since Adventire Time.
Like obviously it's going to be good... but jeez... well-done. <3
yoooo I just watched meow wow I've been guzzling smallbutera
I don’t understand what’s happening but I love this
Glad to see this project, but this sound mix is pretty rough.
Bro that bunny mascot is FUCKING COOL!!! I definitely wanna see more of him! It's even better that he talks aswell!
This was amazing! I am in awe of the skill Arin has with his voice.
I was expecting scatalogical humour of course, but even I wasn't prepared for quite how scatalogical it was going to be
yall like dr steel?
cheers lol
holy shit man
Glad your back at it with something you love but it’s just not for me
So this is what Johnny test’s moms job was
Amy has got some thickum legs 🦵 😳
I keep coming back to watch the parts with the mighty officers. I love them.
i love the outro! reminds me of chowders cook book
Let go so that what you have been working on for 3 years
Good pilot  You got me intrigued. Now i want at least 500 seasons of this.
Automatic background queer representation scan progress report  Gay character detected  Initiating emotional attachment sequence  * boop beep boop * Warning: critical computational error   Internalized homophobia quantified : level (toxic ⚠️)  Deactivating emotional attachment sequence  Social credit withdrawn  Vibe check failed  Benefit of the doubt standby mode launched  Projected standby time: six months
🤍
I just imagine arin in the recording booth spouting a ton of random bs until he had a script
The audio quality is hot garbage, but the rest is amazing! Keep it up (and get better at audio mixing and recording XD)
no
Anjali for Guest Grumps!!  Sorry... wrong channel.  Well done guys!
I really like this but jesus i hope yall get more va's i know its a lot of money but it gets confusing when arin is doing the same voice for 3 characters all at once
Too much chaos It's like hot chocolate with too many marshmallows
I've actually watched this 20 times already... and will probably watch it another 20 before Christmas..
Wonderfully done to all who worked on this, super lovely~
WHERES ALL THE CUTE GOTH GIRLS?  Pffff... arin really has lost his touch...    But for real i love this ❤
Where am i ?
Egoraptor hanson!
4:44 Fan-favorite incoming.
Great to see this! I could see the similarities with Baman and Piderman as well as figuring out why the intro seemed familiar once I was Worthikids did it!
I love seeing Arin and the gang back to animating, although I have to admit this comedy and frantic animation style does seem to be more fitted for an earlier Era of the internet. Which honestly could be it's greatest strength or weakness depending on how it goes.
I would love to watch more of this ❤❤
Wow, Arin truly isn't funny anymore. Sad.
6:24 -  6:47 Is easily the best scene. Idk if this is part of script or improv,Arin sure have a blast.
I like it but I think we need to have more context and time to enjoy
BABE WAKE UP NEW EGORAPTOR  UPLOAD
"Animation: NOT by Egoraptor" Clikbait. (I do LOVE Lindsay and Alex. I literally DOWNLOADED all of Baman Piderman. But uploading non-Egoraptor animations on your animation channel - after YEARS of no animations - feels like a crime.)
WOOOOOOOO
God I want this to be a series
As someone who also works at a CERTAIN THEMEPARK, this made no sense and all the sense in the world.
Maybe add some Sonny Bono parody music
So, is the other park the one I'm thinking of? You know, the "Crappy Addition" directly across the street from the first one?
i genuinely need to know more
This. Is not great. Blunt, but I mean. We've seen what Arin can do in terms of pacing and clarity of both narrative and conversation. Feels like no one internal ever criticized anyone else's work. Resulting in. Whatever this is
DO YOU THINK?
Damn this sucked.
I watched it. I laughed. I watched some more. I like it. Thank you.
Did I drop acid? I think I'd remember if I dropped acid? I'll watch it again to double check
This was kinda meh.
I see that ADHD is going well Arin...
How very... Arin
I... I Love It. I Can't Picture My Life Without Seeing This Anymore. I Can't Stop Capitalizing Because It's So Majestic.
Bunny guy is the best
Holy shit Egoraptor content, a day old?! wot
Are those jokes and are they supposed to be funny? you were cool when younuploaded on newgrounds back in the day but man. you‘ve gotten low. homophobia, thievery, racism… you shouldn’t be allowed to upload anything anymore.
Woah this guy is still alive?? Thought he died years ago
Perfect combination of comedy and tragedy
Please keep these coming! I laughed so damn hard through out this!!
This was awesome! More or this!
GirlChan 4! Please! :D
That was great! Till 2026 for the next video everyone
Wait I was subscribed to this channel still?  I forgot Egoraptor existed until now.. Does this mean hes back to animation?!
This is a LOT of voice acting for Arin to have done
i like it 10/10, power rangers seem cool
For some reason I never want to work at a theme park after watching this. Weird.
3:41 Why did the "I Have To Pee" sound like like Yosuke from the Persona 4 comic dub lol
2:43 what he whisper to him I couldn’t hear it.
Awesome!
That gag where slim Jim and hyacinth put all of their feet on the brake is such a small moment but it cracks me up every time
Excellent
I like it, however its very chaotic and difficult too follow. Not a big fan of all the poo jokes either. Still looking forward to see what comes of it!
I want to hear more of Arin’s voice acting
Awh I was hoping Arin was doing some more animating. Oh well. Neat regardless, though a bit rough but it is a pilot afterall.
I bet you that the only input arin placed on this animation was "have carrot fart at the end" and "put fart sound here"
Somebody needs to tell Obama that Arin is back animating
That flowed exactly like an actual dream. Like I could've had this last night.
it's such a lot of fun 😂
I felt like I took wayyy to many drugs and dreamed this, like a shit ton of mushrooms very trippy show can't wait to see more
that’s horror right there!
Hell yeah hell yeah hell yeah ❤❤❤
I thought I was having a fever dream when I saw an upload from Egoraptor
Love it!
N O S T A L G I A 🥲 I love u
Egoraptor would've change for a twenty.
this animation style is so fun and cool
pathetic
If you need an extre voice hmu!
Zazzed
So beautifully animated and yet I did not understand one iota of what was happening the entire time.
Ngl this looks very fun, love how like classic Egoraptor works all characters are voiced by Arin. Arin has some great skill in voicing characters
ARIN WORKS AT GATORLAND!
I’m trying to figure out what Florida theme park this could be? Doesn’t feel like Disney.. feels more like universal.. but he put teams in it. Also kinda reminds me of fun spot…. Wish he had worked at Gatorland
The mighty officers remind me of Mandoras design from ThunderCats Roar, that has to be a coincidence right?  I loved that show, i wpuld love to know if one of the artists wprked on it also
Cool stuff
So inspiring that Brent can produce a show despite his medically stinky penis. Truly a testament to the strength of the human spirit.
You either get tired of Egoraptor's art style or you are right.
Well Amy is almost immediately my favorite character, followed closely by the eldritch abomination summoned from deep below the sewers known as Carrot.
Finally, something worth watching. A show where half the cast is Arin
This animation is only about 9 minutes long, I couldn't have been easy and must have been extremely time consuming what with Arin doing Game Grumps, 10 minute power hours, Scribble Showdown, AND touring as well. I say bravo Arik Hanson, bravo. 👏👏👏👏👏 (Also that realistic explosion in the background was just so out of place it killed me 🤣)
Dang this is amazing!!! Y'all did a fantastic job and you should all be proud!
Well, you can definitely tell its not egoraptors animations.
This is awesome 🥲
I feel like the pacing was a bit too fast for a real episode, but maybe it's just to show off everything? Idk.
This is Egoraptor style!
More please!
Arin, Brian and Ike at the top of their game
it's a bit on the "Lol XD Random Epic Sporks" side, but it's got good bones, curious to see where it goes
Amazing animation
I love Slim jim. My favorite part is when he said ‘‘ it’s slimming Time‘‘ and he slimmed all over those guys. But for real he’s Great! I also loved Begonia’s attitude and Hyacinth’s animation was probably my favorite part! Great job and I’m glad you got to make it!
I’m just going to go ahead and watch this for the third time
The animation is great! 😂 I like how the bully secretly likes anime too.
Arin remembering he was an animator once...
Holy crap this is bad....
It looks like everyone had a lot of fun making this. Sure hope they did, anyway. Merry Solticedays to you,  fellow viewer.
What did I just watch.
This animator has always been a fovorite of mine, so punchy! Didn’t know who they were cuz I I’d only seen  their work on college hu or before
And when the world needed him most, he vanished
Aaand im invested
Loved it.
You would think someone with an experience so bad with working in a theme park wouldn't be going to said park regularly.
Now we kick-start and get this funded overnight for 12 more episodes yes?  Also shout out to the guy who did the music. That Brian Wecht fella has a future in the industry.
The whole video makes me think the entire script was made of single word sentences
Ok but I LOVED EVERY SECOND
Thanks for reminding me to unsub
I love it. Reminds me of watching cartoons as a kid. Except, y'know, it looks better.
loved this
When is he gonna talk about how great MEGA MAN X for the SNES is!!!!!!!!😆😁
Not bad. It was a bit of a fever dream and it looks as if it's suppose to be marketed to kids with the Happy Theme Park but quickly devolves into a pure insane hell.  Anyway that's just this guy opinion. Good luck.  I still haven't forgotten Girl Chan in Paradise
WOW, that was fantastic. Thoroughly blown away. Really hope to see more of this.
This is the best fever dream I’ve had all week
wait holy shit, I just realized- ARIN'S AN ANIMATOR AGAIN !!! LETS GOOOOOOOOOO (This is a joke, please god calm down internet T-T)
Its been 300 years!
Think arin got inspired to make this by being high while watching boku no hero academia  so much mighty he probably is all mights fan.
WHAT YEAR IS IT
I avtually cant stopnlaughing
i know im supposed to be blinded by nostalgia and stuff for egoraptor stuff but this is the most incoherent cartoon ive watched in while i think LMAO
I swear, all I can hear is Arin. Main character is Arin, bus driver is Arin, random background characters are Arin, the bully is Arin, I'm almost certain the racoon at the start is Arin, even if it's not Arin I'm speculating that it's somehow Arin.
a fun little romp, my adhd brain is pleased.  As a concept this is a lot of fun, hopefully this has the chance to get flushed out, and also more voice talent.  Love arin as a VA, but a lot of the voices started to blend together after a while Animation style was 10/10   All in all gave me Invader Zim vibes, which is honestly very cool
its been THREE YEARS WTF MY CHILDHOOD IS BACK
HELL YEAH! I'M SO EXCITED!!!!
I want art of the boss lady yesterday.
Hyacinth saying "HOOWWW-UH" made me laugh a bit too hard.
your voice does not fit slim jim. you do a good enough goofy voice for that  mascot bunny though.
More
Something about the small Arin laughs they left in during the mighty officers fight is what breaks me the most 😂
Can you release behind the scenes or bloopers
Is this egoraptor style?
I love this and I need more immediately
Yeah. Arin. This would be amazing as an entire series. This was awesome as hell.
i remember when you used to animate!!
Oh... I completely missed when this was uploaded a day ago, but wow!
Ok the mighty officers was so funny
I love this and I hope we see more just the only problem I have with it is the main character's my voice minds are overact too much other than that it's going in the great animations playlist
6:47 i was hoping to hear "i'd like some pound cake!"
But why did the bird eat his face like that
Yes I like this I want this to be a thing
Oml so funny I'd love to see more of this!  Needs some improvements here and there but its really fun and Im excited for more!
This is some good shit!
This is fucking egoraptor style!
8:15 the "do you think" part has such DID YOU POINT!? energy
I love how you can faintly hear Arin laughing during the mighty smackdown 6:25
i havent seen a genuinely fun cartoon like this anywhere in such a long timee! this is such a breath of fresh air to watch
I love the music in this. The animation is beautiful. And the characters charming, everyone did such an amazing job. Can't wait for the next episode. :)
This was cool. I’m glad to see EgoRaptor back. I would love to see you’re animations again. (Girl-Chan Paradise)
Throw in some Auto Volume Level and you've got something.
3 years sense anything was uploaded on here and 8 years where the only animation was from Starbomb  Holy shit dude
Smiling Friends won
this is hilarious sure hope someone picks this up for a full series!
its been 84 years
Loved it. So funny. Everyone involved did an amazing job!
Outside of a horrible audio mix, this was really stellar! Love the SmallButeras, hope this helps them finance more Baman Piderman! :)
This sucks
Reminds me of my time at six flags. (Vietnam Flashbacks)
This was a chaotic and interesting ride
The audio is weird on this show
This is very very cute and nice. Gives me real Dead End vibes. It’s very quick paced, which is something I’m hoping gets toned down a bit if it becomes a full series. But otherwise, I love it and I’m here for it. I also know the fast paced thing is your style of comedy, so it’s on point. My brain is just slow.
I NEED MORE OF THIS STAT
Very 2004. Very Egorapotor.
I need episode 2 up my ass yesterday morning.
I never realized how much I missed the Egoraptor style of animated comedy until now. This is golden and i hope it goes places
I love this!!! Everything about the story and the animation and everything was super fun and entertaining, I'm so excited to see more 💞
This was awesome OMGGGG
I was scared going in that this wasn't going to be old school egoraptor. Like that it was going to be to polished or mature in comparison to his old works. That the years of running a company, going on tours, being married to Dan and being ground down by youtube would fundamentally change what made Aaron's cartoons so unique.    Boy howdy I was wrong! Insane animation transitions, obscene name calling, cops pissing themselves in unison, nearly everyone is voiced by Erin.  Makes me kind of happy to know that after years of running a company and doing game grumps, Arnold is still the same goofy genius we all fell in love with on Newgrounds. Always grow and develop, but please don't change to much. We love you Arin.
Can we see this hitting adult swim ever? Not that it needs to. But it is so zany and animated whiplash hits like a truck so hard for this. And it’s funny!
Ohio the youtube video
Entertaining and well enough for a pilot. Hope to see more.
More please
I really liked this animation. Seeing it become a whole show would be amazing!
AWESOME!
My god the script for this show must have looked like what most animator anniversary collabs end up looking like.
3:33 and 3:41 reminded me of the Person 4 Comic Dub.
Hateful content, opposed to all that is good and decent
carrot reminds me of old Zeurel animations
What a nice gift of a video to close out the year with
Got some potential here.  I hope they keep up the good work and keep improving!  Can't wait to see what the future holds for this series.
Well this warmed my cockles. Moar plox.
LOL the closet weeb bully
wow you need to learn how to mix this some ass
Arin still has that egoraptor style when it comes to animated projects it seems.
Bro that was amazing and horrifying i need more
Please tell me there will be more
AYOOO
I loved this
Dude why are the audio levels awful? What happened? You're a professional voice actor, you should know not to clip!
i really really want more of this series lol. no idea but i just really like it (maybe new voice actors tho)
The animation style isnt really BLAMCO anymore. Its more like a fever dream 👍
Damn... This is horrible...
"What I don't understand is why Arin stopped animating."  - Barack Obama, 2016
so you paid people to write and animate a really unfunny cartoon instead of doing it yourself
Wow. This fucking sucked. -****** (-6) If you like this, get some help.  Worst thing I've seen this year. Feels like a blended terrible Ok Ko and Helluva Boss crossover. It's hot garbage 🔥 🗑️. Positives: Fucking nothing Negative: Inconsistent audio levels Bad voice acting  Very visible pixels and terrible line work Overusing exaggerated body movement Terrible plot  Lazy character designs  Bad animation overall Feels very dated  Not funny, jokes were bad, and had terrible writing   This will never be picked up for a series but if it does get picked up then it will be placed in the trash.
I like the animation ALOT, the writing’s ok
HOLY SHIT, THIS TASTS LIKE EGORAPTOR
So you still doing animation Arin? Make any recent uploads on your channel lately?
“I GOTTA PEE!”
I demand the mighty officers theme to be released lol
Wtf did I just watch
That carrot scene was FUCKEN awesome
wtf did i just wach         Love it!
Damn this tastes like Egoraptor! Hope to see more!
I really like it, but I don’t know if you posted a version with unfinished audio design, weird mixing or if that’s just how it is. I feel like some more ambience OR more music and musical cues would make the atmosphere and transitions more obvious and sell the tone a bit better. Looking forward to more, hopefully!
I knew that title animation was Worthikids even before checking the credits, dawg.
Holy wow this was fun and nuts and very Arin. Love it. Looking forward to more ^_^
My boy tryna get some of that Smiling Friends' money
audio mixing needs work 10/10
This is the most beautiful thing I've seen all month. Looking forward to more!
this is kinda bad...
It’s shitty but whatever
holy shit arin this is amazing
SMALLBU animation is an instant thumbs up from me
Bro this kind of sucks
This all happened irl
i just want MORE
that rabbit......THAT FUCKING RABBIT. thanks for the nightmares bro xD
That was so awesome! I hope you get to continue the story, Arin!
This... uhh... yeah this is bad.
Bro this is excellent, I love it already and im only 2 mins in.
So, Amy was Suzy right?... did everybody catch that? Ok... just thought I'd... let you know.
Who hurt Arin? XD
I think there's some potential but in the state it's in now, I think it needs some workshopping. I think the main issue for me is it feels a bit dated. It's clearly an Egoraptor cartoon through and through but that comes with some pluses and minuses. The biggest thing that means to me is it feels more like an old Newgrounds cartoon than a show on TV or streaming. A little less ADHD on the pacing would help that a lot, and a little more workshopping on the look to modern it up while still keeping the Egoraptor flair. Also, while Arin is a funny voice actor, he just does too many of the voices. It feels too much like 'The Arin Show,' and bringing in some other talent and funny people might help it feel a little less one note and broaden the humour. The other voice actors in the show don't really get anything funny to do or say right now. Ideally, this should feel like a step up from his old cartoons but it doesn't ever reach that to me.  I'm glad people seem to be liking it, and I hope all the best for the project. But in the state it's in now, this is not a show I personally would want to watch more episodes of.
Wow egoraptor's back again Looks like an awesome series XD
Sequelitis! Plz
You’re not ego raptor anymore, it’s just Aron Hansen
I'm thrilled to see another upload here; I was worried I might never see one again 🥲 This was super fucking funny, I love both the premise and the animation. Huge kudos to everyone who worked on it, I hope to see more in the future!
1:03 Oh no, poor Snuffy.
So you were bullied?
Worthikids? Smallbu? This is incredible
I hate that the fart on the end was the part that made me laugh out loud
Wait Symettra?
im really excited for future episodes, im really enjoying the characters too!
I like to think this Park is partners with Loo-Loo Land
MORE PLEASE! MORE! PLEASE! PLEASE MORE!
Finally
MIGHTY PUNCH! MIGHTY KICK! MIGHTY kiss???
Yikes, dude. Didn't think I'd be done with everything you do now. This isn't good. Your stuff tanked after your 10 minute gross display show.
honestly....I love it lol.
I miss when Arin used to do let's plays...
That was a  ride, a crazy funny animated ride.
15 years and still with fart joke and screaming
I'm so glad this was recommended to me, I almost forgot this channel existed, or well never thought they would post again.
Nice. New ego rap ter animation
I mighty liked this animation!
HOLY SHIT DADDY IS HOME
I miss when Arnold only did Game Grumps.
3 words “I want more”
He said the pound cake thing 😌❤️
AAAAAAH I missed egoraptor humor so much!!! Loved all the wild animation and the jokes and/or screams. Hope you get to make more of this!!
Absolutely amazing. I haven't laughed like that at an animation in a while!
Where are the slurs?
Hey this is very nice
I did not smoke enough for this.
neat
Get this on Netflix so I can binge more.
This looks awesome! Cool to see Arin bringing us more personal projects of his, I see a lot of potential in his creative vision and eye for aesthetic.
Awesome we need more love it!
SO good. Thank you Arin and thank you to the team. I do hope this is a thing now because I already developed a crush on Begonia.
7:40 I thought he was going to say or mention dinkles the buff nerd who’s also a bully with a pocket protector lol I hope we get to see dinkles one day
I like the concept of the show. Workers at an theme park & their wild antics! It'd make a great series!
I've always liked bit characters & the Mighty Rangers are GREAT!
“Hey slim Jim!” Lmfao
This is pretty cool, hope they get to make it!
10 years too late
Arin don't you look at me with those come hither eyes, and that come hither fingers, and come hither tongue
It’s just like how I remember his old Newgrounds humor. But more modern.
Honestly I loved the art work and the form that the animation is and just all of it together. Keep up the great work 😎👍
Love it, pick it up somebody.
"It's been a while."?! 😂
The Carrot reveal sells this
Damn, it's so wild that all of this happened to Arin
Damn it was so chaotic, yet, so funny XD
that was fun animation, but wow was it painfully unfunny
This is fuckin awesome
Actually the funniest thing I've seen in a while
Quick critique: The audio mix is a bit off, whispers are hard to hear and the anime loving poo kisser dude is nearly unintelligible at times and the pacing suffers from trying to cram so many jokes into 10 min (but hey it's a pilot).  Praise: The humor is on point, the characters are amazing (I love Amy!), and the environments are vibrant. Very well done!
Yeah we need more of this
OOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I really enjoyed this and look forward to more episodes
i want sequelitis sequels
holy shit what a time to be alive
Oh shit i worked there too
I absolutely digged this in all its goof and silliness
I loved this. I hope it becomes a series. I loved how over the top the animation was. And the voice acting with everyone and especially all of the characters Arin voiced for was just perfect! The part where the swat team was lined up and one of them went, " sir I peed myself." Then the other officer was like, "dont worry son it happens to the best of us." Then showed that they all peed themselves was just purely comedic gold. 😂😂😂😂
This shit is wild lol
The audio leveling is terrible.
I love that 95% of the characters are voiced by Arin
I never been to Disn- Happyland, but based on stories I heard, this is how every DisneyLand is.
4:29 I usually don’t laugh at toilet humor but I had to pause the video to laugh at this part
Art style is great, reminiscent of Genndy.  Writing and dialogue are the weakest parts, voice acting is well done.  Some of the humor and jokes feel like its 2005 newgrounds, but with no raunchy stuff.  Get one good writer on the team and the show will be tv ready.
This is amazing and I need more
I like how he had a side project in the works and posted it here. I like it, make the show! How does one fund this project?
How is this so unfunny it actually hurts
Not to complain but did the audio from the beginning into not sink up for anyone els
We all know that one bully guy who secretly is a weeb... you can't hide what's inside.
So many years to upload a video and it's crap, do a sequelitis.
Oh my goodness. He's animating again? Good on you. Because I miss the classic YouTube animations. Knock'em dead Big Cat.
A fuckin DECADE later and it seems nothing has changed. Looks like playin vydia all day does rot your brain
I love that the flow keeps going! kick ass Arin! you still got it!
Isn,t markiplier doing the sounds of the animals getting hit by the bus?
carrot looks like a fun character
This was absolutely hilarious and the animation was sick, yall are amazing!
this deserves every dislike it gets but damn do i love it for some reason
This was nostalgic somehow.
I enjoyed this very much arnold!!
I'll take 3 seasons
The memory sound effect from Doug on Nickelodeon sent me. SENT ME
I feel like the main guy should be more of a "straight man" to all the wacky shit going on around him
Oh he remembers this channel exists.
This is so good!  😆 Episode 2 ?
Where do i laugh ?
Arin knows one boss woman voice... his own. Yas queen!! Queen 👸
Hell yeah
This is such a good start! Excited to see it take off
Stutter
this is Arin's mind if he was left alone for too long
This has the chaos of some old cartoons, it's insane
i wonder which theme park it is /g
He's back our beautiful animation boy is Back!!
Aw dude this shit rocks
Very much would like to see more of this!
I love this already hopeing to see another episode
I like carrot
I miss when he used to do Game Grumps
i honestly enjoyed this a lot more than i thought i would. i'd love to see more episodes of this if possible!
Reminds me of kill la kill
It's like I'm back at Newgrounds golden era XP
too disjointed for any network other than adult swim  not weird enough for adult swim
This was a lot of fun. I hope you get the chance to do more!
Jeez I kinda relate to this, Im a seasonal worker at macys rn and it seems like the other workers just want me to leave.
2:37 This was the only funny part
i  feel so bad such good animation went to waste on this travesty of an unfunny animation
XD THIS IS SO GOOD! THANK YOU FOR SHARING THIS WITH THE WORLD!
This is amazing!!!! I hope we get more of this!!!!
MOOOREEEE
The audio needs a little touch up, but other than that I'd love to see where this leads :)
I’d like some pound cake.
Oh wow i did not expect this, the animation director must've broken his back with how fucking cool all the motion is. This much energy i haven't seen since a long time, really got that newgrounds spirit and i fucking love it. Love the voice acting, Arin just mumbling is the best. Honestly this could go on as a online series, but knowing how that's kind of a mess being picked up by a studio would be great, but then comes money issues, uhhh and all that fuckery. Something like BIGTOP Burger style is good, just being published whenever it's ready but then who knows, man who knows i'm just a random guy and i love animation, do your thing i'll wanna support it i love it
I would totally watch that show
Um, this looks like Egoraptor
I love your work Egoraptor
Bro, I think Arin finally gained recovery from Amnesia. Because this was the longest wait that I have ever witnessed in a YouTube channel.
Ohioland
Arin barely able to hold it together at 6:27 made me snort, love this man
Someone hasn't taken their adhd meds in a long time
I love did-knee
Jesus Christ I thought I was hallucinating when I saw what channel this was on
The king has returned.
HAHAHAHA a certain theme park eh? Ah the stories we've heard over the years.
I AM SO HYPE JANSBSBSNNSNS SO EXCITEDOHMYGOD THIS LOOKS SO COOL💖💖💖💖
OMG THE IMAGINATION! It feels like Arin had a serious case of the blue animation balls and is now finally able to release! I want more of this!
Sick
The guy who secretly likes anime but is very afraid of being considered a nerd or gay seems like it comes from a very real place.
Fever Dream in a nutshell
Saw smiling friends and thought damn better check that box too
This was pretty good and I hope we get more it. Also good to see that my warped sense if humor still finds this stuff funny
Gonna be honest the worse part of this is Arin. Dude needs to work on his vocal range everyone he voicing sounds exactly the same
some of those voice actors sound familiar.
I’m so, SO, happy to hear Egoraptor again. Just a specific pace and humor that I fell for all those years ago.  Very excited for this cartoon!!!
MY CORNS! that explaaaaaaaains everything
WHAT!!!
does anyone else have this problem where i rewatch it idk i keep coming back
I’m so happy to watch this! ❤❤❤❤
I would love to see more😅
The writting and voice acting are really bad...
So basically if two rival parks were run by park tycoon players.
Arins humor gets to shine bright in this.
I really like carrot. can we please get more carrot
So is Amy fighting this evil Corporation in disguise 🥸 as a mascot and using James who is obviously ignorant of everything.
Very funny
James should've gotten back at his douchebag coworkers. Make it look like they had horrible accidents.
I can't believe this 100% happened
Thus was so good.
Educational first day
Im calling you that now because you accepted it
that was dogshit
When did my fever dream become real?
This is fantastic and I'm here for it. Love your work.
I knew as soon as the Mighty Officers marched onto the scene that this was going to be hilariously EPIC. I was NOT disappointed. Like holy shiit this was fkng awesome! So creative, the art style is amazing, the writing is GENIUS, and Arin voicing so many characters is literally everything. The raccoon always being run over in a diff scene and location, and literally every single thing about this was so damn funny. I like how Arin's character is often ball shape while being handled lol. SO MANY QUOTABLE LINES. One being "MY CORNS!" I want, no, NEED more of this in my life, asap. You need to pitch this to Netflix or something, if you can't upload more of it here. Please DON't CHANGE A SINGLE THING! Maybe some audio fixes, but that's it! Don't you dare change anything else going forward. I am going to watch this agian.
The animation is really carrying this hard.
He remember this channel :,D
Arin!!! I love this bro! I've been following you since Newgrounds and I love this idea! it real reminds me of the old days Newgrounds, it was brilliant to put it on this channel! I cant wait to see more of this goofed out adventure :) Hope everyone is having fun making and watching this! I'll be watching :D
This Is Awesome!!!
I was unprepared for how chaotic this would be
Oh yeah
i was hoping Carrot would be our secret demon friend, and lo and behold, looks like Arin is on the same page.  Great job everyone!
Lotta waifus in here...
This is fantastic.
wow talk about a toxic work environment
i loved it.
Fun character designs
Love so much about this, reminds me of the good ol new grounds days and I love how the bully is secretly a giant week trying to play it down
This was actually pretty funny in an awkward juvenile kind of way, look forward to more of this if it happens 🫠
Bad audio mixing :/  Audio levels are all over the place  Also make sure everyone uses a popfilter and apply some de-hissing.  The pacing in the short Begonia introduction scene is just plain bad. With the shine-sound-effects just playing while she's talking while it should OBVIOUSLY be in between.
This was pure funny and i loved it.
I feared the mighty officers skit would go on for too long... And it did... And then I realized what a fool I was for fearing that, it's comedy gold.
i freaking love this, the opening by worthikids, the expressive animation, ninja brian on the ivories....... life is good
The other park transition sounds are sending me 😅
This isn't great
New sequelitis when?
Tooootally unrelated, but I've been doing the Disney College Program for 7 months! Haha, I love this video for 100% non-correlative reasons!
The animation is so full of Heart, like they didn't have to do all this but they did ans it's son so good
Are you friends with a YouTuber named Hotdiggitydemon?
This is great! Is the some way we can show our support if this becomes a project?  So hyped! Only complaint is some of the jokes were to quiet. May take another pass at the audio?
This was really lovely. A little rough around the edges for some of the timings on jokes and slapstick, but it was totally fun and creative and impressive to make in lockdown (I assume lockdown due to some of the voices not sounding like they were recorded in booths?). Arin's got such a wonderful creative mind and it's great to see him dip his toes back into this form of creativity, I hope he does more to warm up again and get back into the swing of things!
this....THIS SMELLS LIKE EGORAPTOR
I was here, 3000 years ago.
This'll show Dale Gribble and Obama.
The last time Egoraptor animated something, I was still waiting for Duke Nukem Forever to be released.
More plz
AMAZING I LOVE THIS (even though is been 3 years it was worth it)
Arin doesn't do animations anymo...
Haha, is that Arin background laugh at 6:33 supposed to be there? 😄
Mighty kiiiisss?
*Egoraptor posts to Interstellar space sh-I mean his channel*  Subscribers: “I’ve waited years”
So does Arin not know how to animate anymore or what? I got excited thinking Egoraptor was actually animating again
I absolutely LOVED this.
New YouTube account, who dis?
more please * ^ *
THeres soo much love and expression in the SMALLBÜ animation its so funny and fantastic to watch!!
6:46 that fcking killed me
This is so good, I missed arins humor and script writing 😭
The king, you’re back!
Not into it personally, it's a little too all over the place. The pacing of jokes don't really give them time to breathe to the point that it's obnoxious. I like the art style  plenty. Needs more music and just sound in general, it's very clearly recorded in a booth and those levels are absolutely terrible. The jokes themselves seemed to be mostly pee/poop based and as funny as that can be it was never funny to me as it seemed like there was never more than a minute between someone talking about eating poop or having to pee.   The concept seems like it could be strong but I would seriously see about hiring an actual writer as none of this felt clever or like any jokes really had any payoffs.  Arin's voice doesn't seem to suit the main character well and I would hope he would be recast if this does go to series but I think all of his supporting roles were good.  I would love to see this fully realized but maybe not taken in such an immature direction. It just feels like a mess in its current incarnation but I really do think that if someone were to reign it in a little bit there could really be something here.
Guys idk if it was said somewhere, but does this mean that star bomb is back?
This is so unfocused and vague and non-stop.  It's like I'm on newgrounds again.
it just does not have the egoraptor feel to it.
Other than it being hard to hear some of the characters, this is Grrrrrrrrreat !
Beautiful
Why do we still procreate into this existence if this is how a 9 to 5 makes us feel?
Lovely show! Can't wait to see more! But where's all the background sounds? This feels like an anime-trailer based on the mixing xD
It's nice to see Arin's old school Egoraptor humor come back
Holy shit!! Dude I saw you in Atlanta. You're a legend, and I love you man.
I remember when egoraptor started animating again
This was awesome! It made me laugh!
This is better than sex with a T-rex after eating Mex...i can food.
I have No Idea whats going on but i Love it
Whoa no way!  Not bad not bad at all can’t wait to see more Good work
Can't wait to see more Arin! Good job to everyone who has worked on this ❤️
This. Is. Chaotic.  …perfect! I love it!
I love this and I absolutely cannot wait to see more
I love the mouse fight at 3:34
This story was very hard to follow. I get that it's all based on how Arin felt or remembers working at the theme park, but as a viewer I'm not sure what to take away from that information.  Arin got hired, the bus driver bailed on him, Arin drove the bus and crashed it BUT didn't get fired.  Cool. I don't fully get it, I guess, but I want to, maybe pair this video with Arin telling his story first for context, or as it's happening as a "voice of God" narrator.
Is this a one time thing or is this a series?
Animation needs to be smoother and cleaned up. Audio levels aren't balanced and there's gaps and silences where there should really be something happening. Most of the jokes are funny and land well but they're mostly too fast paced, brushed over or both. The part at 1:38 is a great example, it would be way better if you gave it more time and exaggeration with the music and visuals. Commit to your bits with pauses and more details and compartmentalize witty repetitions. Perspectives could be better and the space starts feeling empty when you focus on the 'main' characters too much. 2:27 is a good opener but then you gradually start phasing out the background characters. It's a theme park, half of the absurdity comes from the weirdos that frequent them.   Everything else is great, very expressive and well designed. I appreciate the soft use of PNGs that somehow isn't obnoxious like most shows/videos. Good humour and I like especially that the range of it is obviously catering towards NewGrounds but a general audience would be able to enjoy a lot of it too. Having the main character start out in nice relationship is a good touch. Congrats to everyone who worked on this, it's pretty good.
This is almost incomprehensible...almost
that was fun. audio could have been balanced better but i lmao'd out loud so must be good. cool time
Ok, I’m invested.
WOOOOOOOO EGORAPTOR IS BACK
this is cool and cute
New cartoon is great 👍. Hope to see more in the future.
WUDJULIKESUMPOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOUND-CAKE
It needed way better audio management. Sudden volume spikes and other weirdness. Like damn. Fantastic animation though.
Carrot escape was insane
This is so mediocre compared to the quality of both animation AND writing that we all know you're capable of. Arin. No disrespect to smallbu, and I have a feeling you were crunched on time for this animation, but it needs improvement.
This was really fun!
This was great. I love you guys and good luck on your latest venture
"AH, THE BABADOOK!"
Thank you
Maybe
I was excited to see more content from you but I'm going to be straight forward, this ain't it chief.
this is how it feels to work in a theme park designed in rollercoaster tycoon
This has Teen Titans vibes. Awesome work!
man's hair gone grey
aw hellsyeah! that was nice
???????!!!!!!!!?!?!?!?!?!?!
I love me a great egoraptor Fever dream!!! 😍
A little rough. Still need work. Thanks for returning though.
How’s did Arin make a cartoon þat has good game feel??? Every frame of someþing crashing or breaking out whiplashing looked so satisfying.
Damn I would have loved to voice some of these characters
Dust off the ol Channel
My God. It's so accurate. The interactions with his coworkers are on point. If this gets over a million views, I'll quit my job at "happy land".
I hope we get more. Maybe the awesome series could come back
Algorithmic punch!
This is one cartoony cartoon
I wish this was funny
Well done everyone it came out fantastic xD
Arin always does these extravagant voices throughout GG... WHY DO ALL OF THESE JUST SOUND LIKE ARIN...love ya bud just tuggin' yer nutz
Nice!
Geeze rememebr when Arin played video games? Hope he gets back to that one day.
3 years for this k not my shtick but glad to see you active again
More please
Got damn I forgot Arin was super talented
God dang it, who have Arin edibles!? Again...
Have to point out, the audio needs further edits. I could not understand 80% or so of the dialogue bc other sounds would overpower them or the mumbling required me to crank up the volume up too high to a point where it would anger my neighbors. So...I didn't understand what happened in the vid. Hope this gets fixed. In the meantime, I'll charge my headphones and try again.
"Okay, indoor voices" right at the end really got me
I like it
holy shit this is actually really good and i was gonna rib you for hiring other animators
Egoraptor? My boy?!
Pacing?
I like that on the credits most of the voice's are done by Arin.
Some feedback: Arin voicing so many characters is really cool and gives it the nostalgic Newgrounds feel so keep that up. The improvisation with the Mighty attacks was hilarious so keep that up. Carrot as a character is both hilarious and terrifying so keep that up. The bully calling him poo-kisser was hilarious, but then 90% of other gags were also toilet humour. I'd tone that down a bit and focus more on character interaction gags. Very promising pilot, hope to see more in the future :)
A little choppy and all over the place that but kinda humor is why I found his animations so long ago can’t wait to see what’s next
Love how the little sun mascot looks like the mascots from that theme park in phoenix wright
The mighty ranger attacks have the "Spider Kiss?" energy
This video brought me back 12 years in the best way possible
the EGORAPTOR! 😔
This was weird but fun, I guess
Fantastic work Arin and Co. I particularly enjoyed you laughing to yourself with the Mighty Officers and the "I have to PEE" reference :')
will watch
this was so good
I think I know what you’re going for here…. At some points, but I think it’s too deep for most people to understand
wow, that was pretty awesome!
This is fantastic!
This is so pure, I fucking love it :D
Isn’t the point of a comedy to be funny?
Worthikids and Smallbu!??! This cartoon was so chaotic and really funny! Great job to the team! And Allie got some VA work 😂
I find it funny that I literally quoted metal gear awesome today (reminisced) and of all days, this is when he brings us an animation
You can make a protagonist with at least two brain cells, you know. They don't have to be a borderline invalid.
Ya I tried really hard to like this, but I couldn't.  The voice acting was super flat and most of not all the jokes were based on poop pee or farts. Just not good sorry
Eh, pretty disappointing.
Hilarious concept. Reminds me of Superjail. I hope there's more in the future. I couldn't help but hear one of the Mighty Officers say "Mighty Kiss?"
Whooah I wasn't expecting an egoraptor upload, and I especially wasnt expecting 10 minutes of animation. That's crazy.
I prefer Arin's animations. I used to like them because every frame was funny and different just  like ren & stimpy but these ones just look lazy.
I’d like to eat more of this.
The bully that is secretly an anime fan was hilarious.
the concept has potential  can't wait to see the realized piece
I want more
Yeah this rocks
This is great stuff
The audio is just Arin screaming a lot with some sides... *BARF* i lOVe iT
dude... this seems like a whirlwind of a life you lead.
Arin finally got so desperate that he's gone back to animating to stay relevant has he? lmao
3 years lol
That was awesome I hope we get more in the future
3:34 But who would win... The bat or the knife??
Everything here happened exactly as it's animated
I miss when Egoraptor didn’t animate! He’s so focused on animating nowadays! What ever happened to never uploading?
Wow this is painful
That was fun! Hoping we get more episodes. Glad to see you working with animations again, Arin.
Amy is literally such a supportive girlfriend. Hopefully she stays that way when James keeps absolutely screwing this theme park to hell and back.
.....Arin what the hell is happening.  EDIT: okay something clicked for me around the seven minute mark. I love it now.
Animation is like FLCL meets Dexter's Lab with a heaping cup of Egoraptor
AYO AYOO
Wow cool listening to arin do the 1 voice he is capable of doing for every character for 10 minutes straight. Totally not grating.
Definitely has my attention. A little too fast paced for my taste though. I think it's a pretty great pilot episode.
Incredible, felt like I was watching a documentary
Have not even watched this yet and I am commenting. EGO PUT OUT A SOLO VID OMG!
This gave me such Newgrounds vibes and I'm here for it!
You're introducing the pilot for a new cartoon based on your life experiences and yet you have this dead-pan 1000-yard stare in your eyes, jeez man. I know GG must take a lot out of you but try to show a little enthusiasm. This show really isn't in your usual style of humor either, or any style of humor at all to be honest. I'm not sure what the point of this is.
This was hilarious
This is beautiful .o. I had a stupid smile on my face all the way through
this feels like dead end park if it was written by an idiot 10/10
It's, like, really well done, yet mediocre at the same time. I'd probably watch more.
This was ass and all over the place. It’s like watching concentrated ADHD.
ОК... Допустим...
ABOUT TIME  MAN , WELCOME BACK !  <3
This looks so amateur 😭
Harley Wayne Daisy is my favorite character
This felt like a great mix of a really fresh new style for a egoraptor video but with a tonne of nostalgia for the old newgrounds days
This is so stupid.  And I’m completely on board!! 🎉🎉  But…what about the raccoon?  Is trash panda ded?
I loved this so much
I need to see more of Carrot
Holy shid, the expressive animation was so amazing and super eye catching, the characters were so fun and full of personality, I love it so much But imma be honest.. I had to watch this like 3 times just to understand the plot. That was petal to the metal chaos for the entire 10 minutes
Certainly was something,  I'm glad you're working on a project you enjoy.
Aaron where ya been!
Half of the casting is just Arin. Neat.  Disneyland executives are currently  frothing from their mouths of the amount of truth this gives off. I love it
This reminds me of the
I love how loose the voice acting feels and the style of comedy is exactly what i would expect from this group of creators. My main complaint though is the sound balancing really needs some work.
very funny, very good😎
Reminds me of the good old newgrounds days lmao
Tortoise hell is definitely magic kingdom. The worst park to work in
Would this, perhaps. and I am not trying to push you Finally prompt a sequelitis for Breath of the Wild? They are some of my favorite OG pieces of content on this entire site.
I would watch the shit out of this
Really good, but I would find a different actor for the main character, James
I see the passion and thought that went into this I'd love to see this go somewhere.
<3
Okay, so a bit of constructive criticism. I had, at no point, an idea, of what hell was going-on.
I hope it becomes one _awesome series_
This was so beautifully  non sensical
Yep that weird hey power rangers! Y am i remind of ok ko?
I’m sure ObamaRules98 is thrilled he’s animating again 😂
Considering how long its been since Arin dipped into the vat of animation this honestly hits like he hasn't missed a day. Still feels like the classic Newgrounds animations.
The Return of the King
Literally a banger from start to finish, not even a single boring moment, this was AWESOME!!!
Oh shit new animation wtf
"poo-kisser" is now my favorite insult
Father returned with milk.
bring carrot to me and you keep your job...seems easy *sees carrot and gets scared*
Ok, well after watching this I don't think there's a plot, like none. Your previous stuff at least had a central idea but this just seems random for the purpose of being random.
HE HAS RISEN
this looks like egoraptor
Completely forgettable art style that blends in with all the other slop that comes out now.
Thank you for reminding im subbed, bye now!
I know what that song is at 6:20...
I loved it i just wanna see more
Pretty awesome. Only thing I'd suggest is getting a sound designer/director since that seems to be the only thing that is noticeably lacking but other than that it's pretty great.
FOR A THOUSAND YEARS I LAY DORMANT WHO HAS DISTURBED MY- holy shit new egoraptor stuff!!!!
Dude what the hell happened to you when you worked at [REDACTED] Land?!
I needed, like, five more minutes of this. Here's hoping it gets picked up.
This brought us joy
Its been a while.. im still waiting for the next episode of sequelitis.. its already been 8 years.
Holy shit…… you’re actually alive.
Wow, this place makes Phoenix Parks look positively glowing in quality and safety ratings by comparison.
It's been so long great to see you again ego :)
This feels like an animated Game grumps skit you did with Danny. I love it. That fucking racoon xD
Bro wtf
Amazing. I've questioned more things in the past 10 minutes than all of this year.
The Mighty Rangers just beating the shit out of Jim and each other made me laugh a lot. Awesome little cartoon man!
This is so accurate to every theme park I worked in in Orlando, and one in particular lmao incredible work
Yo. This is awesome
Make a series out of this. Get other high class voice actors involved in each episode. Make a thing why don't ya
When the world needed him most... *_he came back._*
Hell yes
*RETURN OF THE KING!*
This was amazing
This looks like egoraptors style
This was such a wild ride it should be an attraction at Happyland Fr tho I can't even begin to explain how entertaining this all was! The expressive animation, the fun character designs, the jokes going for as long as they can without once feeling like too much, the little mumbles characters do that deliver like two more jokes so swiftly, the movement of everything, the voices (mostly Arin but holy shit was everything and everyone spot on), the colors, the sudden horror aspect of Carrot, and I can go on!! Amazing pilot, really hope to see this become a proper series, that would be incredible!! Thank you for your hard work Happyland Team <3
I'm glad something is actually being published on here involving animation and voice acting.
This is great! nice callback to the Newgrounds era. I only wish Arin would animate at least one bit of a future chapter. His style is unmatched.
NO FIRE, no fire 😂😂😂
Thrilled to see this. Arin has mad talent for voice acting and I've always wanted to hear him do more.
A while!!!!
Interesting concept and I’m intrigued by the world building. But man this whole video was ADHD incarnate lol. So much going on every second, but a lot of love and care. I feel like it could benefit more with ambient music and subtle sound effects. I think it also needs more focus because I genuinely couldn’t tell what the end goal of the episode was and characters seem to pop up and leave very suddenly.   This has huge potential, beautiful animation and style. I love the idea of Theme parks being a huge part of everyone’s culture. Hell rival theme parks of other countries sound fun too.
i had to double take at the upload time
Really want to know the stories behind this.
EGORAPTOR!? INTERNET CELEBRITY EXTRAORDINAIRE!?
I wish Arin animated again
Wow you kept us waiting ha  Do MetalGearAwesome 3
I love everything about this! ❤
Ohhh man finally i see you again. 3 years and now i can laugh again. Pls dont go away again
Feels like a cartoon that skipped the tutorial phase which may explain why I have no clue whats going on. Besides the fact its about arins disney days.
the audio needs a lot of work but overall its enjoyable
Legends did say that in the ancient times, Egoraptor made cartoons.  The prophecy was true.
There was some much about this that if left me with so much questions.   I F@$NING LOVE THIS SHOW. (OVER JOY RANIBOW BARF)
It was great to see some of my favorite creative minds, namely Arin, SmallBu and Worthikids, working together on a project. Hoping to see more.
I just had the biggest nostalgia boner watching this. I remember watching Arin’s cartoons in high school. Loved it!
What a shill that Egoraptor, 1st he starts succesfull lets play channel and then tries to start animating. I miss when he used to play games
Literally just randomness for the sake of randomness. Like throwing sh*t at a wall and seeing what sticks.
More
YOU LIKE THE WAY POO TASTES?!! XD
art and animation by SMALLBU???? YES PLEASE
Arin, we getting another sequelitis at some point?  That series was literally THE reason I subscribed to you.
This sh*t sucks
I miss when Arin use to play videogames
I like how James is actually credited as Slim Jim.
it´s..... glorious O_O
This is genuinely as funny and quotable as Metal Gear Awesome was back in the day, holy shit. My guy's still got it
Honestly I love this! The story is already so compelling and I would absolutely watch more. Good luck with this new project!
From 6:11-7:00 has made me laugh until i cry 3 or 4 times now, i can't even make it through the rest of the video. 😂
Absolutely loved all the expressions in this, hopeful for more!
Holy shit this is going to be a good series. Also congrats on finding the keys to this channel, bro.
This was great
This was so good. Hope it gets picked up for a full on series (or more webisodes, tbh)
I absolutely love this! Has the Arin humor and the animation fits so well to it! Great job and keep going! <3
That was mid
I NEED MORE OF THIS
Ninja Brian made the music and somehow no one died during the production?   A miracle of God indeed
Not too bad, Felt like a whole lot of stuff was happening at once and it was kinda hard to follow. I enjoyed watching it and laughed a few times. would enjoy seeing more
ohgodohlordohfuck
I love this. "Don't worry, it happens to all of us" killed me.
all I have to say is wtf did I watch, it was funny but idk what was happing
I, I'm going to need answers, good sir. 🧐
I love the fight scene at 6:17
I love this ❣️
i couldnt even make it to the 3 minute mark and this actually makes me glad i never picked up a ghost hunters book
This is rare.
Arin. You and your team have made brilliant work once again. Can't rush art, but excited for the follow-up if one comes!
very hard to follow
it kept me watching. Im curious how the plot and characters would evolve, so id definitely watch more of this.
is this biographical in some way?
The power rangers bit was the best 😂
PLS KEEP THIS GOING! I GOTTA SEE THE ENDING TO THIS SERIES!
Commenting for the algorithm. I really liked this!
No matter who animated this, this definitely has the egoraptor touch and I love it
I think Arin should start animating again. This Egoraptor guy has a similar style though so I guess this’ll do.
They didn't even offer him any pound cake...
God I hope this is a sign that arin will get his shit together Probably not  But I can dream
mid
This show looks great! So crazy and awesome!
4:57 God I wish that was me
Fun. This is like the good old days
That was good. Let's not have more.
A little while
Given the amount of what-the-fuckery I just witnessed, this must be an authentic Egoraptor creation. Egoraptor is alive: confirmed.
Omg you are alive
After the second SHORYUKEN I knew what was coming. That boy cannot resist his TATSUMAKI SENPUKYAKU!!! But who among us can?
I like how goofy it is, reminds me of old cartoons that don’t air anymore
This is Disneyland
literally best video ever
Remember when arin animated Remember when arin had a good relationship with newgrounds Remember newgrounds
Susan won’t like this.
ok that was an amazing first episode. Hooked. I want to know this world and what the hell is happening in it
Okay... Overall funny, also really quick passed, but threw a lot at us in a short amount of time... Sorry, not trying to sound like a reviewer 😅Liked it overall, is this a one-shot or a possible mini series or shorts?
This is a fever dream  ... I have no idea if I loved that or if I was so constantly bombarded with chaos that I didn't have time to dislike it
If this becomes a "regular " lil cartoon yall do that would be great, this was an absolute fever dream and I love Carrot lol
3:00  Matt and Matt Jr. from SuperMega??
more
This is absolute utter chaos and I love it I need more
It was Disney wasn't it
Eh, I, uhh, umm, d-uh, ugh, ummm... wh-what?      👍
Loving the personality and Newgrounds energy here!!
The sound mix is too extreme between the loud and quiet, which is most of the talking, so it becomes hard to hear whatever people are saying. Adding that Arin voices everyone making it hard to differentiate between who's talking and not. Also: Pee
this is like watching a shoocharu animation. I am concerned for the mental health of the creator.
its not that good - I expected more
ARINNNNN THIS IS SO COOL
ARIN YOU ARE NOT A BOY YOU ARE A FORTY-YEAR-OLD MAN.
Weird that he would do all the guy voices but not the girl voices. We know you can do a wide range of fem voice bro 😂
That was...um a lot of people that worked on this.
That was...Chaotic. Love it!
this was awesome, my favorite bit was the mighty rangers just taking the piss with all the attacks
I am immediately hooked and intrigued about the next episode!
Jim got his head sat on. Neat
I was really hoping this would be arin animating again, but at least it's a new thing he's involved in
Egoraptor is written all over this!
This is egoraptor’s style…
That was somehow extremely underwhelming.
This was animated really well. Great job, SMALLBU!
Proud of you, sir.
Is this real? Or am I dreaming?
Honestly really feeling this show
6:46 "Backside Poundcake!"
this felt like hallucinatory nightmare with oddly satisfying combat animation so, great sign probably
Hope to see more!
I thought I was seeing things when I saw that a video was posted
The first time watching I had a hard time to keep up with the hyper speed pacing, Arin voicing every other character didn’t help there. Much better the second time around though. Great dynamic character animation, so many jokes and details.  As a pilot, cramming in a ton of stuff is natural, but what it kinda fails to do is making me feel invested in the main character, James.  This took so much time and effort to make, and definitely has great potential. More pls ✨
Okay this is weird because I have a Discord server with the same exact name that I've been running for 3 years ongoing but this is pretty cool tbh
Swoozie lookin at Arin like, "Wtf dude, Disneyland animation is MINE!"
This is hilarious and awesome holy shit can’t wait to see if there’ll be more
im just as excited as the next guy, but is it just me or is the audio mixed very weirdly?
arin animated omg
I liked that a lot! I am legitimately excited to see what happens with carrot next. Do it again arin
Aw hell yeah
ADHD write this? All over the place. Sound quality sucks too
the voice work is great i hope they can all come back
This wasn't funny.
kinda bops in a very oldschool newgrounds way still
Imagine seething about a fellow animator/former friend being able to break out into the mainstream while you are still playing vidya on a you tube channel that is starting to die due to lack of originality and other factors.  Imagine being Arin.
This sucked. The audio was mixed terribly.
Bringing me back to the days where there would be closeted anime fans that would make fun of me for drawing anime in class.
Welcome back
as someone who has memorized every single egoraptor video by heart, including every word of the 30 minute zelda sequelitis, this brings me more joy than i can express
That whole sequence with the Mighty Officers was gold lmao
Arin gets to produce an ADHD animation trip + SmallBu and Co. getting money = 👍
Was Danny Sexbang one of the guys yelling "I HAVE TO PEE!"?   Cool to see Arin and Dan collaborate on stuff together!
Hehehe this watched like an old Awesome cartoon. Good job Arin. I love that the main Character stutters more than Morty.
Its... Classic. Great to see you gettin reaquainted with your roots Arin! This was great and i very much want to know wtf carrots deal is
Yooo you came back
This was fun, I do hope we get more some day.
eh hit or miss
Bro it’s ego raptor not grump 😮
wow arin’s had some crazy experiences working at a nondescript theme park
This tastes like Egoraptor
im embarassed to say that i loved every second of this
Good to see this channel back in use after so many years.
Watched the whole thing. Very excited to see more. 👍
It is like me reading 20 books all at the same time.
Wow, sync the sound!
No idea the context of this but was def interesting/entertaining
This is really goofy and totally in your style of humor! I like it a lot.
So this is what being on drugs feels like
I love how stylised this is it’s so fun
monkeys paw
I feel like this whole video can fit in the Big Top Burger universe
man that was sweet
this is just bad. like not even opinion bad, it’s actually objectively bad. Not funny, poorly animated, awful audio mixing, full of corny overdone cliches etc etc. man I’m really disappointed with this one.
Awesome!
Hyacinth was my favorite.
wow. this is big
holy shit. new egoraptor upload? an original animation??? maybe god is real.
I wish Arin would animate again
This...this tastes like Egoraptor
Lmao this shit reminds me of flcl
What ride! Fun
This seems like Disney’s treatment of...
I want to see this as a seares. Hope you and Arin keep this thing going. And maybe bring Dan on as some weird characters too. I think they would bounce off each other realy well.
God the humor is great it takes me back to the awesomeness series again
Loved it lol
this tastes like egoraptor
Mr. Hanson that was PHENOMENAL I wish this project all the love in the world and hope it goes where you wish for it to. Shouts out to Anjali Bhimani, Worthikids, and SmallBu for their work on this. You’re all geniuses 🤩🤩🤩
Was not expecting this!!!  Holy shit!! This was great!  I love goofy animations.  Looking forward to seeing more
Lol dude! The frackin mighty officer bit was funny af.
Holy sh!t is this newgrounds
I want to say something nice and supportive.....but I can't. I love GG, I like Arin, but this.....this is not for me.
Even though it wasn't animated by him, it still had that classic flair thatmakes this an egoraptor product, i'm so happy rn
Oh yeah, this channel exists
I really appreciate the talent behind this,, but my one big criticism with the whole short is that the animation is too fast or smooth and it clashes with the impact of the jokes, the ones that got me to laugh were the bully and the girl calling for the rescue team because... well a lot of things but I'll explain if someone wants me to.
That was pretty intense, great job tho. I need more
Wonderful! I thoroughly enjoyed this. You all did such a great job!!
I like it.
I'm glad arin's back at it but... even though i have no idea what that is, i want more of it
this is so Panty and Stocking vibes
YOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOD LUCK!!!
INEEDTOPEE
I need more of Arin's fantastic and chaotic voice acting in my life. 😆
comes back and he gives us garbage Disney channel material based on his "true story"
It has too much energy; it needs some relief points. the content is great and packed in strongly though. good job though I liked it.
Did Arin voice like 75% of this?
This is so cool ! Love the animation, the voices, the music. Everything is so dynamic. And also this might be a series ? So hiped for more !!
what?
So ... where did you say you used to work at before?
This is a good show. I love the anime bully guy concept a lot. So when is the next episode of Girl Chan in Paradise coming out?
I'm calling it now that when this becomes a future series, James is going to constantly be assigned a work partner from management that always gets killed every time James screws up something that causes a huge problem or by carrot discovering who the work partner really is and making them "take the day off".
Just leaving a sexy comment for the algorithm
Gonna post this on newgrounds?
Ok but like seeing Carrot pop out of the locker was legitimately terrifying
Those 10 minutes went by way too fast. I think I need to watch that again...man I hope the pilot gets a second episode 😤
worth the h*ckin' wait egoraptor!
BAMAN PIDERMAN
Mighty punch! Mighty kick! ᵐⁱᵍʰᵗʸ ᵏⁱˢˢ﹖
Ok I love this. But on rhe DL, was the tortoise park supposed to be an actual Disney park or was it just made up for this? I’ve been to Disneyworld multiple times and I can’t think of which park that hell scape would’ve been.
MighTY SUPLEX!!!
Truly a holiday miracle.
Haha this was fun to watch. Can't wait to see what's next 😆
With love I hate this ❤
I like this show! Please make more!
The face during "OH CRAP" Will forever be the best.
oh no… it’s terrible… (animation style is amazing though)
So sad that we didnt get to experience mighty kiss😥
The bully is very much gay and very much open about it to his friends but not his work partners.
would love to see more!!!
Worth the wait ❤❤❤
Looks like Arin forgot how to animate EDIT: Sound mixing was done by a chimpanzee
Ok and I *do* need a season of this. I love that Slim Jim simply cannot form a single sentence.
That was wonderful.
i’m not seeing enough people talking about brian doing the music! we love to see friends supporting friends 🥲
Who is this?
I guess arin added three ‘O’s to his password on accident. Happy he finally found it lol
This was so good??? I need more. You have more, right? I need more!!
This is definitely an egoraptor video.
I love this
I miss Arin’s girl voice in this
Holy crap now I'm going to have to go and rewatch some Awesome videos, I can't believe you're still out here doing it you hecking architect of my childhood. For real though I have Metal Gear Awesome burned into my brain from Newgrounds since I was a teen. If this turned into a real show I would be very excited, keep it up you sexy man <3
This is hilarious dude! Id love to see more
I saw egoraptor uploaded 6hours and absolutely lost it 😭🖤
forgot I was still subscribed
Even if you have to quit GameGrumps to bring me more of this, That's okay.   Okay don't ever stop Grumps ever or I'll die.   But still I need more of this.  Forever.  Or I'll die.
This is so good omg
I can't wait for more of this show,I'm just very interested now
Carrot is too powerful
This is the most arin cartoon ever
I forgot that I was subscribed to this channel!
Obama is gonna flip when he sees this
Eh; not bad. Not really my cup of tea for comedy; I've seen better with Arin's work. However, this is only the first episode it may get better. Nice to see ya uploading on the egoraptor channel again Arin :D
gonna need a mighty officer tshirt for sure
"It's been a while..." REALLY? REALLY HAS IT BEEN A WHILE? I HADN'T NOTICED!
Sequelitis again please.
Brilliant work 🙏
Holy shit that was awesome. I'm gonna grab James by the peen and whip him around like something you whip around. I love him.
**thunderous applause**
I have no idea what just happened but I would like more.
Love that carrot had the lemon and bill voice
Holy shit, an Egoraptor cartoon!?
WHAT THE FUUUUUUUUUUUU?!?!?!?!
Phenomenal!
I'd watch a series like this
WORTHIKIDS HELPED MAKE THE INTRO BOOK THING 😫😫😫
This show is a wild trip! Love how Carrot's line "Looks like somebody has a death wish!" just works so well with him, especially after that "transformation". Thought he was about to pull some sick fighting shit.
Charming
I need more... MORE!!!!
well that was pretty amazing
Hmmm, I wonder what park this is based on?
All based on the truest events
The Power Rangers parody was funny. The rest can die in a fire.
Ego ooo
Can't believe I get to hear Arin name Venezuela on one of his cartoons
More Pls
Holy shit arin animated???
This is fuckin amazing
I really hope this does well, I NEED to see more, like...  INJECT IT INTO MY VEINS, I NEED MORE MORE MORE
This felt like a fever dream and after watching I don’t know if it actually happened
I'm so confused at what I just watched it was amazing though
No fucking way!!!!!! ❤❤❤
wow i really enjoyed this i cant wait to see more
glad to see something uploaded to this channel. SMALLBU doing amazing as always.
Kinda wanna throw money at this. Or ✨kick✨ money. I wanna ✨start kicking✨ money at this project.
WAKE UP BABE!! NEW EGORAPTOR UPLOAD BABE!!!!
YAAAAAAAAAAS!!!!!!
Yo he’s back
The best about this is that no feelings were hurt :)
I liked it 😄.. have always been a fan of girlchan y paradise.. still watch it from time to time
It's been a while since I partook in wacky comedy like this. Ngl, just a tad too fast for me. I'm sure I'll adjust.
0:01 IT'S TRUE! IT IS MAH BOI!
I never thought id see the day with another animation posted to here
its ya boi
can you please make this a tv show...or at least a series on your channel. PRETTTTTYYY PLEAAAAAASEEEE
I love this so fucking much
Wait who's Egoraptor and who is Arin Hanson???
Weirdly, I love all of Arin's voices EXCEPT the main one. It feels totally unfitting, but I think it's just because I watch him so much on game grumps, I can't hear his normal voice as a character... My brain just refuses to accept it.
Ehhhhhhhhhh, it's ok dude. I feel like the voice acting is kinda lacking
If no one is gonna say it i will . . . Mighty Kiss?
This is marvelous. I’m so happy rn
My brother in Christ this is so delightful
This guy's name is egoraptor? I thought it was arin  Because its been 50 years since egoraptor said anything.
"Arin you're scaring me"  - Danny Avidanny, 2015
take about 5 dozen eggs,
I wonder what the theme park was... DEFINITELY Six Flags!
The knowledge that worthikids helped on this project makes me extremely happy
Oh its so chaotic. Perfect.
Thank you so much SMALLBU, Love your work as always and your voices in BIGTOP Burger.
Those Doug whooshing sounds tho
Omg
BAMAN PIDERMAN
I currently work at a certain theme park, so I find this amusing.
Cackled when she did the dark ritual to get into retail worker mode. Very relatable.
This is such a classic Egoraptor cartoon.
I love this and I need at least a 25ep season or 7 more of it.
I would love for this to be a continuing series.
Bruh this cartoons everywhere omg. I can see inside Arins brain, but I get the basic concepts about whats going on. Needs a little structure tho. Other than that I love it.
Anyone else notice at least half the characters sound like that arnold guy from game grumps?    (Seriously though, great job. I really hope this becomes a real show I already love it.)
That...was an experience........and yet, i want more
That shit was great.
This is giving me Super-Jail vibes and I am here for it!!
I sure miss the days when Egoraptor used to do Let's Plays
Please make more. So much more. Including the laughing while saying the lines. It's great.
some of the audio is very hard to hear, like the first time whispers about anime to james. IDK how big of a production this was but if it was really small, not bad at all, kinda hoped for more darker vibes
The animation isn't exactly Vivziepop standard, but rarely does that happen for a pilot. Pretty psyched to see more of this story. And Arin is totally pulling a Venture Bros with his voice being the majority of the characters here, no shade lol. Looking forward to more, Skinny Legend! Get me quakin'!
*sniff sniff* Smells like Egoraptor...
A little fast paced, but it was damn funny
one brain juice please
It’s nice to see a let’s play legend like Arin get into animation. He’s surprisingly pretty good at it!
This made my day, welcome back! 🥳
tbh it feels like its missing that old egoraptor touch. I loved it nonetheless but yeah it felt like that magic touch was gone
ITS ABOUT DAMN TIME YOU DREW SOMETHING AGAIN.
Babe wake up, Egoraptor uploaded on his main channel
This show should be on Adult Swim
Some funny bits, pleasingly chaotic, but- The schtick with the stammer-talk-plus-crazy-poses gets old fast. Was funny the first two times but you gotta use some restraint on that.
The character introductions might have been the strongest part of this pilot.   James and his awkward physicality are hilarious   The weeb guy had the strongest presence.  Hyacinth seems to be the competent, on her toes type worker. She could've had more to do  Sunglasses girl is the one with the most experience and inside knowledge I guess. I feel like she needed a bit more time and presence tho.  James' girlfriend doing the candle ritual to put on her uniform was strong imagery to reinforce the setting, but she didn't do much else.  Carrot and the CEO tease an intriguing story
This was great
Wow! This was such a great animation! Great story, flawless frame by frames. Loved it so much. Everyone did an amazing job. Such an inspiration
I'm sorry what was uploaded 5 hours ago?!
Love that arins making cartoons again, this one looks 🔥🔥🔥 I hope there’s much more to come!!
4:23 - 4:39 is funny, fluid and chaotic in one huge burst and it's fantastic. Wishing you the best with this project!
I need moar
everything about this is beautiful
Yooo
No way! A video here? After 3 years? Nice!
That was really funny please make more
Arin this was fantastic. You never lost your edge... You sharpened it. Great job!
A lot of Invader Zim-absurdist humour feel from this - hope there's an appetite to create more animation like this!
I think you just pushed the boundaries of how absurd a cartoon can get Like, wow This seriously blew my mind I've never wanted to animate more than I do right now lmao
Wow that was funny af
Egoraptor's hazbin hotel moment? No.  Is it good? Yeah. Good enough for tv or streaming platforms? With a bit more polish.
More please.
Dude! That was awesome!! Love love love the animations! XD
cool -_- b
Yayyyy
Ah man Arin, this made me happy. Missed the chaotic vibe of Egoraptor
It's 2008 and wow, Egoraptor's getting the most out of the 10 minute video limit YouTube enforces.
It looks really good it's all so pretty funny that Aaron voices pretty much all the characters
Mighty kiiiiss?
Yes yes yes yes that’s nice, I support it, and I’ll probably love it, but where is sequalities????
Not gonna lie… this is amazing!
That was awesome ! Enjoyed the style and animation quite a bit.
4:48 I sincerely missed Arins style of making pupils colored. Its a little thing that makes the character pop and cute. Whenever i see it im like, "thats Egoraptor".   Love your style, man. This made me smile. Hope to see more : -)
This also works as a voice demo reel, huh
This was an absolute fever dream to watch. Id watch another episode
Egoraptor AND Smallbu!! Of course it's awesome! I love this, y'all! ♥️
The audio design sounds static in this one. The vocals sound like they are dead center throughout the whole 10 min pilot. Visually it looks amazing! Loved the animation!
More I need more       (Suplex kick) arin in the background
someone didnt take his Ritalin while making this
It's incredible that animation has finally come back to this channel... And it's not by arin
I very much enjoyed this content. Thank you for making it.
This was awesome! The animation is so dynamic and the voice acting is on point! You can tell you guys put a lot of love into it.
This pilot is so enjoyable! Arin's voice acting is just the best.  Can't wait to see more hopefully!
God that was awful
"I like it." - Bugs Bunny from The Looney Tunes Show   But for real, I like it. 👍
Comment
Duuuude! That was so good! I loved Harley on the bus. All the characters have so much life to them
I thought you said that animation was mean spirited and evil >:(
I wonder which Leonard she's talking about?
If all the male characters are voiced by arin im going to lose my ass by laughter
I like it! Glad to see you working on animations again, even if it's as a creator/producer, I'd love to see more if you're up for it.
ITS BEEN 3 YEARS DUDE
Best early Christmas present by far!
I'd LOVEEEE to see Arin animate again, but I'll take this.  I GUESS.
I literally have no idea what was going on but I want a full series of this right now
YEEEE
This was really good!
Congrats to the team! I don't know how you made 10 minutes feel like 5. Amazing!
Need more episodes pls
This is like an adhd fever dream... I love it
I wish Arin would do more let’s plays.
ARIN BACK AT IT AGAIN WITH THE VOICE ACTING LOVE THIS LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ARIN AND IKE
Doth mine eyes deceive me? An ego raptor animation in 2022? Truely a Christmas miracle
The animation was okay but the script is choppy and bad.
Lol is the poo thing even real to you working at the park lol?!
I like the animation style and the writing. The scene and shot transitions are so interesting and fast paced. Good job, Arin! :D
It always gets me when a punch or a kick is paired with the sound of a pat or a slap.
BRO... 10/10 need more. where is the patreon
Do you think a streaming service like Netflix might pick your show up? or you're going to do it like how viz pop is doing it
AAAHH MY CORNS!
more. arin. please, more.
So much nostalgia for Arin's voices.
I actually watched this like 10 times already, its pretty good :)
From the extra stretchy and well-rounded animation style to the absolute, batshit crazy story, this was one hell of a ride and I'm glad I got to watch this. I didn't realize how much I missed watching your old animations like Metal Gear Awesome and Sequelitis until now. Anyways, see you over on Game Grumps!
I wonder if Arin will ever actually animate himself, he hasn't done it himself since he used his newgrounds account
I really hope at some point the "World's Most Conniving Boss" mug becomes a thing.
Love this!!!
Arin my brother in pies ima need like a lot more explanations of this world
Incredible. Ima need more.
I really like the music, or rather lack there of. It adds a lot to the voice acting and the sound effects!
Weird ass Disney from a park worker experience is a very strong concept.
This video sure exists.
Well this looks like it took 3 years to make XD. The amount of frames this has for a youtube video is amazing.
GIVE ME 6 SEASONS AND A MOVIE RIGHT NOW
Watching this left me traumatized, confused, and a little nauseous. I want more. GIVE. ME. MORE.
"Michelle, get in here! Arnold finally got off his ass and made a cartoon!"
Great job on this pilot Arin! It’s so nice to see your animation and creativity again and all your voice acting coming to play again! Everyone did an amazing job bringing it together. Hope to see more!
TORTOISES[Hell]
He’s back. HE’S BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACK!
Love it
I'd watch 7 seasons of this.
Cool
This legitimately feels like something one would imagine while playing a park in Rollercoaster Tycoon. Especially that "evil" park, that's prime RCT type of shit with guests having to suffer.
why does this make me laugh so much. God I missed Arin's voice just screaming and saying random shit.
I had trouble following this. Not because it was chaotic, but because hearing Arin voice so many characters threw me off.
Bro awesome stuff,  as per uuuusual
the audio levels were allll over the place
I loved this so much.
Omg love seeing Arin and small bu work on something
I swear this has regular show on like crack vibes
What-huh-fa? Egoraptor?! Ugh my pnis cant handle I-aaaaaahhhh
Lmao loved this. Good job to everyone working on it.
Dude I love the baman piderman dudes! I remember when they put out the original video on newgrounds back in the day! I don’t know why but I felt compelled to message them on there and be like “dude this is really great it could be a series!” And they responded and made me feel heard, then I totally forgot about them for like a decade and redound the entire series in full on YouTube during an old nostalgia trip! Loved binge watching every episode during an all nighter. Good times. Thanks for coming to my Ted talk.
Wait Arins still alive but I thought you died in Zanzibar
We need more !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This was great!
This was absurd and chaotic, and it has a lot of potential. I really liked it.
Not great.
He finally remembered his past
Arnold Handsome is an animator?  I had no idea. o.o
I knew there was a reason to stay subbed to this
I like it but kinda bugs me is the trying so hard to b "lost for words" bit
This was amazing Arin and crew!!! I hope to see more really soon!!
God that was amazing.  Carrot is the best.
I can't tell where reality ends and where creativity begins. What comes next!?
It's always so heartening to watch something and get the sense immediately that everyone involved was having an absolute blast, good stuff <3
2:17 Legend has it, this costume was inspired by Zipper T. Bunny!  Also love how calmly the line is delivered!
not great
Worth the wait🤣❤️
Never knew Arin had a cousin that does animation 🤔
9:09 that was the most Egoraptor looking animation I’ve seen in a while
If he didn't say "if like some pounnnd cake" then opportunity missed
SEQUELTITS
Hey, this is fucking egoraptor's style
That was decent ... i mean venusaur
Arin sounds having so much fun dubbing the characters, and the animation only helps with it
Honestly I enjoyed it and loved the jokes and comedy on its face but it needs more than just Arin for all the male voices, that was honestly the only thing to take me out of it.
A well made pilot, but the humor isn't really my thing.  Wasn't that funny to me.
The blue bayou, expensive prices but worth the childhood nostalgia.
WHAT!?
This was lovely.
Man, I miss when Arin used to let's play.
Arin still knows how to animate????
Brought back the best mechanic in animation: reuse of action! *wipes sweat off forehead*   Loved the whole thing. Who is the writer? ;)
Lmao I feel like I'm on acid watching this
What the hell is going on? Arin uploading again?
REVIVED REVIVEEEEED
I. Love this. Moar please
This is way too high energy way too fast
aww arin i missed your animations buddy hahahahahah they are the greatest i especially like how your laughing and enjoying it too hhahahaha
This gave me a lot of unease. Awesome
This resonates with me on a soul deep level. So great, so clever, so funny, please do more!!!
Bwoh. Wha , no, qhua?
Real
Amazing animation as always man
Green Screen explosions added to the experience.
The way carrot moves is killin me lmao. That mf LANKY KONG
This was absolutely wonderful, I enjoyed all the cooky characters, its was an overall vibe lol.
easily one of the videos of all time...  denouttaden
I love EVERYTHING about this
Carrot... is on loan from Abandoned By Disney, isn't he.
This fuckin rocks
HEEES BAAAAACCKKKKK
Yoooo this is awesum 😮😮😮
I like the art, the humor wasn't for me tho.
Lil fast-paced to process, but gosh damn the Awesome vibes hit so good. More along this direction please
......I'm so confused lol
I said "This has Baman Piderman energy" and I oop-
god I'm so destined to hear that Arin finally remembered his old animation channel back in 2017  also i didn't understand any of the context in this project lol
wow..... this feels like something that could be a whole series..... PLEASE LET THIS TURN INTO A WHOLE SERIES!
Worthikids and SMALLBU worked on this project????? Plus Angeli Bhamani is in the voice cast?? Omg
Mighty kick!
HE’S BAAAAAAAACK LETS GOOOOO
Interesting. Good job.
Is it just me or is the dialogue in the video kinda quiet? I’m straining to hear this great writing!
Man, whoever did the music sounds like a man who has a Phd. ;)
Okay swoozie i see you
THE EGORAPTURE IS BACK BABY!!!!!!!
The potty “jokes” were awful. Not too fond of them tbh. At least the animation was fun here and there. I could see this project being done well. A lot of the humor just seems forced.   This is an opinion. I realize I will receive a lot of negative responses.
@1:59 that absolute maddman that is "that muthrfuggin, sunglasses wearing ass sun"  seems to be conflict of interest, seeing how-well, he is the sun..
This feels like I'm back in rime watching Awesome cartoons again <3 Mad props to all involved :)
4:30 You can really feel the weight of whatever hellspawn Carrot is.  I, too, would've peed my pants
I laughed and woke up the people downstairs. Good work
Why won't you make a series with your best friend John?
I love this so much , James is an anxious dork and as an anxious dork myself I see a lot of myself 😂❤😂❤
Dude I cant believe Arin and Egoraptor refused after so long
This is great and all but, this is way to close to home... all of this happened to me, even the birb eating my skin part
Woah, totally based on a true story. I worked in this dept. store once. We had a Carrot, but his name was Screetch, and I'm pretty sure my boss was a being from beyond our dimension. The pay was meh, but the benefits were sweet.
You got Worthikids on this too?!?! Gah’dangit that’s fking awesome!!!! Tell him i love him.
yes
I'll never look at a carrot the same way again
I'm in love with this
Mooree
Gotta love those chaotic, but ULTRA expressive motions and faces
YouTube must be acting up. Got a notification that Egoraptor uploaded. Weird.
would have been better if arin animated it. But its ok.
Its sah right.
Arin's looking good, keep up with the boxing, bro.
I loved this
Ok, but can we talk about how at 6:27 you can hear Aron in the booth loosing it? Because that’s amazing that they left it in.
So this is the ok ko pilot everyone who was looking for
Really loved the pilot. The animation was great and Arin voicing almost every character was hilarious. I hope to see more of Happyland Incorporated in the future. Keep it up Arin^^
I was wondering where I recognized the art style from, then I saw the Officers 😂
I don't know why, but I want more of this. It gives me Helluva Boss vibes. I like it. :)
I know you are curious if I like it. But, I am going to need to see another episode before I can disclose that information.
10/10 pilot, I hope it will become a show
This is really cool!!!
…whaaaaaaaaaat
'I HAVE TO PEE!'
James Longdong. That is all.
my best friend got out of depression because of you
I’ll watch more of these
awesome to see new videos from mr. egoraptor
Feels very inspired by Oddballs. Also love the collaboration between all these artists that I got to know thanks to Arin and Game Grumps. :)
This is what I imagine goes on in Arnold's head
6:45 image if one of them end up saying "PULL THE POO AND THROW IT IN YOUR FACE TECHNIQUE"
It's been a long time coming.
thanks for the great cartoon
ew
wow! that was awesome!
4:46 :0 uh
1:12 Power Rangers & Super Sentai Reference
Damn I still had a sub on you? Amazing to be back!!
I love this! I wanna see lemon and bill review it 🤣
3:15 : 0 ayo
I Love This! I don't know if this plays different on a phone but, I have to point out that on a TV the sound effects are WAY louder than the dialogue. The audio leveling on GG is super consistent and this could maybe do with a second pass to get it on par. Critiques aside, I'm thrilled to see more animation and can't wait to see where this goes! ❤️❤️❤️
6:24 during this segment, he really missed an opportunity not saying "Mighty _kiss_ ?!"
This style of fast-paced humor gets me every time!
The time has coom. Raptor time. 🫠
i fucking love smallbu animations so much, everytime they do such an amazing job
1:03 why this fit so perfectly
Bro the mighty Cops give me huge SPIDER Kiiiiiiisss? Vibes 🤣
The Small-Buteras are so damn good at animating. Makes me want to rewatch.
I like to imagine that this is verbatim what happened on Arin's first day working at [COMPANY NAME WITHELD].
Season 1 trailer? Where?
Oh no....
since when did this guy make cartoons?
Egofaptor back in the game🎉
So like it’s all toilet humor? Idk I think I’m to old now ngl
Wow i unironically kinda love this
I would watch 10 - 22 episodes of this.
The animation was pretty good, but the voice acting, writing and humour took a nose dive.
Egoraptor I want more of this series in my eyeholes at your earliest convenience. The mighty people's elbow made me lose my mind 😂
I love how the audio is absolutely dogshit mixed.
Well smack my ass and call me plump, sweet and begging for cream. An Egoraptor upload in the year of our lord 2022? The gods must have finally heeded all those sacrifices I made 😊
For the love of everything that is mighty, MORE MIGHTY OFFICERS PLEASE LMAO
Ok but when are we gonna get more cause that was amazing!!
aaaaahhh this was absolutely incredible arin and everyone who worked on this!!! so funny and creative and interesting and well made I'm so invested in this story and world now already
If I were to give some constructive criticism, the audio mixing was really throwing me off throughout most of it. Same with the sound design on top of that. Felt kind of...empty. I really wanted to like this a lot. I could see this getting polished up into something better though!
I would have thought the title would have been happyland incorporated awesome
yes Happy Land definitely not Disney land very different and legally distinct I assure you
A NEW VIDEO
There better be a damn episode 2 😠 because this show is SO FUCKIN GREAT AND INTERESTING
I wanted to like this but it’s just kinda boring with a bad sense of direction. Too chaotic to follow everything going on No of the jokes really hit either
Holy sh*t is like V sauce or LEMMiNO uploaded…. Thank you for this
This is super cool :)
He’s back
This was amazing! Watching this made me feel for the early 2000's pilot shows Cartoon Network used to host. Thank you for making this. :)
The video starts off with Arin saying that it's "based on my experiences working at a certain theme park" By 4:32 it turns into a horrific action sequence only reminiscent of "Akira" and "Attack on Titan". :P
there is potential on this, the setting is amazing i want to see more,  the sidecharacters maybe need some rework the bully character i can see it being tired to fast, the cool girl could work but it feels 1 dimensional but the one announcer she is amazing, like the power rangers satire and there interesting lore.  but feels it needs a second rework but this has potential for 3 seasons and can see this for a netflix show, hell you could add characters by exchange programs,  a more solid world building with the park but this is good
This was written as if Arin is still 19. It's so beautiful.
Excellent work my dude
More of this please.
PLEASE. FUCKING. MAKE. MORE OF THIS. this was so goddamn entertaining
This was amazing. Man it is so funny. Slim Jim is perfect.
Love Arin but this simply is just not good. Idk what other commenters are seeing that I'm not. Needs an overhaul for sure
😂😂😂
just gotta say, you've been missed.
glad your back ego
This is gold!
Yeah this was not funny at all
Man, its been a while.
Man this looks awful
Reallly weird seeing him call himself "egoraptor"
Why is Arin Hanson saying he's egoraptor, did he kill and eat egoraptor?
FAWK YEAH!!!
I think that it's interesting but yeah gotta like flesh out the characters more of course but the anime guy talking about poo mouth is perfect don't change a thing about him
This is very exciting. Hearing baman and piderman brought back memories I didn't know I still had! Can't wait to see what comes of this!
The jokes are aimed at like 5-6 yearolds which is fine but the animation is aimed at an older audience. But with that being said it has potential it's just super rough right now the only character I want to see a full reimagination of is the bully as he's just really annoying.
This smells like Egoraptor...
Welcome back
Why is the same guy talking during most of the whole show? Even when other guys and that lady are talking it's just the same voice from the main dude. I'm really confused. Are these different characters or is it all just the same voice actor not even trying?  Also Doug Funnie called, he wants his transition noise back.
4:42
Have to say man, that is a hell of a return. Really great animation and storytelling. Yall did an amazing job.
😳😳😳…. Someone call the Emmys, cause we got us a future BANGER OF A SHOW ON THE LOOSE!!!!
SmallBu has such a distinctive art and animation style. I love it so much.
The audio mixing in this is atrocious. I can’t understand what most characters are saying.
Looks like all of comments from Obama's troll account about Arin getting back into animation finally got to him.
Hearing all the different Arin screams at 4:38 just reminds me of the ol' Newgrounds days.
Love to see the old channel active again, though I do wish we could see Arin animate again, it's been ages since I got some of that sweet sweet steez
Arin you are not a good enough voice actor with enough range to make every single male character sound distinctly different. I know it’s in your name, but you gotta hold back your ego.
Was Jacksepticeye the Raccoon?
Damn, that had me laughing, awesome.
Nice to finally see this channel up and running again
He returns!
Who is everyone's new waifu and why is it Carrot?
Is arin is everyone?
Instantly love the energy we got going on in here
love it
Do I even wanna know what happened to the audio?
What the heck is this? It looks like an early 2000's amateur animation project. With much better animations, like Helluva Boss, this pales in comparison...
cool to see more smallbu
good
I like berry good Ned more plz :]
More like this pls?
I'm so confused
I didn't care for it.
I laughed once but why does egoraptor studder so damn much. Like its not real stuttering. I know its suppose to show the characters nervousness but it gets annoying fast
Little too chaotic but high quality.
I genuinely would love to hear every detail about this true story unedited
This was amazing!!!!!!!!!!! It's so good to see you back!!!!!!!!!!
1:08 Lindsay's hippy voice is hilarious.
amazing. finally a cartoon that is the embodiment of my attention span.
EGOFUCKINGRAPTORRRRRR
Well, well, well…
Eh, I liked him more when he played video games and made jokes about them…
This has so much potential and I can't wait for more episodes great job to everyone involved <3
I sure do miss the old egoraptor. this is just some animation that Aaron voiced.
The way I saw “Music by Brian Wecht” and was like no yeah this whole cartoon feels pretty Ninja Brian adjacent 🤣
Cute! Expressive!
Dude hasn’t uploaded in 3 years and immediately the audio is off sync. Incredible.
That was amazing !!
This looks great for short series on YouTube. What I fear is that the series won't be able to get monetized because this site is for little babies now.
Arin sees that one of his old friends is doing better than him.  ... Instant jealousy 🤣  Instead of, "love the show Zach, great job".  Arin says, "but I'm egoraptor. I'm the famous Newgrounds animator. How come he gets a show and I'm stuck on YouTube. It's not fair!"
I wonder what Arin's nickname was at that *other* theme park.  Probably wasn't Slim Jim.
Really enjoyed this. It's an unhinged fever dream, and I already want to watch it again.
That was surely something
The super freakin Parody Rangers😮
Getting some "Dead Leaves" energy Love it
This is an incredible artistic composition on all levels. Excellent. Hope to see more animation from Arin in the future.
6:26 - 6:48 ARIN WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED HERE
Welcome surprise
I can get behind this.
this part killed me lmao 6:30 u can even hear arin laugh
already cant wait for the next one
Is this what it's like to work for that Florida theme park?
Very 2007
imagination not restricted after all this time
Not gonna lie, that was pretty awesome.
hilarious man this was dope
what the heck was that
meh
Hmm. Fun concept, would have liked it to have it spent more time in the oven though. The pacing was kinda awkward. But do hope this means there's more animation projects down the line.
I love that Smallbu did this, their style is so perfect for it
I love that Ninja Brian did the music
Well this was a surprise. But a welcome one.
I loved hearing Arin quietly snicker to himself while he came up with more wacky mighty officer attack names. Brilliant.
Did you work alongside Swoozie at some point
Arin, I can't speak for everyone. But I am looking forward to you new cartoon. Just remember to have fun making it. And once it stops being fun, don't force yourself to make it. Appreciate you man.
This is FANTASTIC!!!
This was... exactly what I expected.
I miss when Arin used to do Let's Plays
I like it. Hyacinth has nice energy and Begonia has a great VA. The freakish bunny suit bus driver (Carrot?) is probably my favorite character. Arin nailed every line on him. Arin's voicing of the mighty officers was really good too. Lindsay Small-Butera is a name I'll start to look out for cuz I really enjoyed how the scenes flowed together and how the characters interacted visually. I felt engaged with it  The sound mixing is a little strange in some places (the bus scene) and jim comes off a little tropey (a Deku type, but wimpier). I don't wanna mention too many critiques bcuz I'm not good at critiquing really. I've seen this twice and may watch it once more. This has something interesting about it. I'd like to see another episode.
Oh my god, the king returns!!!
Nice
Why is Johnny Test's mom the evil CEO lmao
"I got the subs torrented tonight" love this character arc
It was fun! Good work from everyone and i hope to see more!
Sick
is it me, or is the audio off in the intro?
A minute in and I need more
arin making animation again feels great, nostalgic and this was awesome
Egoraptor...? I haven't heard that name in a long, long time...
This... This tastes like egoraptor
This was alot of fun! I appreciate all the art that went into this and the wacky arin humor that the team put into! Awesome work everyone! 👏 👏 👏
I have no idea what I just watched and I loved every bit of it
wildest notification I've ever gotten
What’s up w this audio mixing?? It’s really inconsistent
This was really good, I hope it gets picked up so we can see more!
YESS!
was expecting a mighty kiiiiss but ill let it slide
This is fantastic! Congratulations, everybody!
I think this a very fun pilot, If I could make a suggestion having a lot of characters speak rapidly nearly all the time eventually becomes annoying. Even Rick and Morty toned down the whole ad-libby, tripped up, ramble’y dialogue… it’s not very pleasant to hear people talk like that for often.
Mighty KICK Mighty kiss? Mighty KICK!
The bully that secretly likes anime is my favorite character in this
Arin, that was very impressive. You make excellent use of your animation software, your style and timing is really effective and cohesive, and your voicework works really well. This is good shit, and you should be really proud. I really look forward to seeing more :)
So THIS is where SmallBu was hiding!
This was freaking awesome I hope to see more!!!
"AHHH the Babadook!" Love the script writing
I would totally watch a full series of this just to see what kind of absurd monstrosities Carrot is gonna turn into
Shouldn't have watched well eating, almost choked on my food multiple times lol
Carrot needs to be stopped, absolutely loved the pilot Arin!
Ooh I HOPE this gets the smiling friends treatment!!!
I love how Arin does the Justin Roiland where he voices the majority of the cast and still has their own personalities, it's so cool seeing him and the crew doing animations again
Ego humor died in 2013. Please stay dead
long time no see
Yeah I’d watch it
I don't know what I just watched but it was funny
Even without his voice I could instantly tell this was created by Arin, and great job to all the people who were part of this
This was so chaotic
wish it was funny
And he wasn't fired 😃
Watching this after drinking alot feels like a bad trip.
Amy getting ready for work is by far the funniest part of this whole cartoon
this video was made sniffing white powder  xD
This is AMAZING
Is it bad that I was confused during this whole thing?
Not very funny and worse than Smiling Friends, which I'm sure you were trying to take a jab at with the title of the show. Guess somebody you thought was below you rocketing past you made you a little jealous and insecure. You should go back to your terrible gameplay channel. Or at least animate the show yourself next time. Your voice acting isn't great.
UH OH, I... HAVE... TO MAKE... FANART!!!!
This triggered so many memories... didn't this guy used to animate?
I like this, I really do...but Arin if this took off you need more male voice actors. You were perfect as Slim Jim tho.
i swear every time i hear arin with a voice impression of an angry man it just reminds me of him explaining a story on game grumps and this just makes it more funnier every time he does it.
I don't think that's a DDT. Looking forward to more.- Dale Gribble
This is hilarious, it’s like they took the old egoraptor animations and mashed it together with superjail.
I love this so much!
Bro wtf, I used to watch this channel
Cool
This was so good, i feel bad now that it ended :c Looks Amazing!!!!!
More please...
RETURN OF THE KING
New phone who dis
Too bad Arin is a lame gimp these days
This is epic! Glad to have you back Arin
Hopefully this is where all the money that the soulless husk known as Game Grumps pulled out of the algorithm is going?
Well, This exists.
Wtf this mans been dead for 10 years
Couldn't watch, the audio levels were mixed like shit. Damn eardrums nearly ruptured.
NO PUKING
This... This was a wild ride. Beautiful, yet wild. <3 <3 <3
I don't know what I just watched, but I love each and every one of these characters.
Art! ART I SAY! I love this
This has been nothing but chaos and madness and I LOVE IT!!!🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
“People who post high quality shitposts need to be feared and respected” -someone probably   Seriously though, even though I have no idea what was happening, it was super well done and I loved it
Nice animation, hit or miss humor, weird sound mixing, but the fact that there's something new in this channel is so nice that it's almost enough to excuse the flaws.
Congrats on finding the password
Quality. Also, I’m kinda into the lore of the now.
Wow. This is just bad.
Really wanted to like it, caught some game grumps references, but it's just not for me. It was kinda all over the place all the time.
Awesome!!
.... Whelp.  Arin was pretty much every character in this.. lmao.  >.>
May all your dreams come true!
This was great, Arin! So glad to see you producing! ... but if you re-dub this with more voice actors, heaven help anyone trying to match lip flaps with a character you voiced... :P
WHAT. SmallBu and 1/2 of Game Grumps??? WHAT. Yes PLEASE.
Given what I know about when Arin would’ve been at Disney, his aspiration to become a power ranger is honestly so sweet.
this is amazingly written thank you arin for all the hard work you no-doubt put into this
Oh wow, Arin's doing something with animation again. Even if he's not animating it himself. :o
I don't know who the intended audience is, but I would not watch another episode. I just don't get it. I don't follow anything that's going on and there's no plot structure that I can make out. I think jokes are being made, but I can't understand any of them. I was just confused the whole time. It's a mess. If you asked me to recall what the episode was about, I honestly could not give a straight answer, nor do I remember or care at this point. Maybe that's the intended effect, but I don't like it.
The captions:   “High I’m Air in eagle raptor”
Holy shit, he's animating again.
I have a feeling this ISNT based on real work experience he had.
I don't know. This ain't it, chief. There are so many things to unpack.  I got overwhelmed watching this thing. In a bad way, like really bad. Mostly because of the audio, it's abysmal. Sound mixing, audio levels, very very cheap stock background music and sfx. This has no low budget appeal and comes across lazy and amateurish. Art itself and animation is ok, crazy amount of work went into this, but still looks very off. Like there is no consistency it's all over the place. Scale is off and everything seems so flat, like i can see one plane, illusion of depth is totally lost even when characters make crazy poses. There is almost no blend between animation frames, it hurts to look at motion, again it looks like an slideshow of a storyboards.  I can go on and on about how plot is basic, characters basically SCREAM "i am here to be quirky and this is my thing, please like me and quote me". Annoying, stupid and not funny at all. Writing is cringeworhty and pathetic.  Really sad to think about that this was acceptable for him to present after all this time. There is no growth in any way from NG days, only downgrades. This didn't made me feel nostalgic it made me sad, that he didn't progressed at all.  His legacy is farting in a couch while playing Zelda very badly, because he's too ADHD to read a 2 sentence prompt.
Damn, that’s some good shit
This is so good. Really has that Awesome series energy that made my childhood memorable
Oh wow! It's my boy, Egoraptor!!!
amazing
Holy shit he uploaded
It's been 3000 years
holy crap come back with a banger my guy, I loved the anime bits 2:42 😂
Man it’s been 3 years since the last video
I love the animation
"Based on some of my experiences"  So now I have to know...what part of this madness was true to life?
YYaaaaayyyy
ALL HAIL SMALLBU
can't believe slim jims so slim when he eats so much POoOP
A theme park mascot being a legitimate eldritch horror is oddly fitting.
What
Honestly the Smallbu crew is a perfect fit for your hectic style. This is looking pretty fun!
The writing feels a little rough, but it definitely feels like the old Awesome series in tone. And hearing Arin voicing everyone, and having conversations with himself, in his normal voice, gets progressively funnier as it goes along
I love this, i never knew arin animated too!  In actuality i am a really big fan of this. It's funny and random but not too random that you lose the plot. And Carrot is definitely someone i want more lore on lol.
…this is…one of the single most unfunny things I have ever seen. He’s not as good as voice acting as he thinks he is.
How about that sequilitus?
How is their 9k likes on a video that has 6k views?
MY CORNS!!!!!
Bruh.. this channel haven't uploaded animation for so long
This is an insane fever dream and I expect no less out of arin after all these years
MIGHTY KICK! MIGHTY PUNCH! MIGHTY kiiiiisss?~
Holy shit this was so funny. Loved the part where it was just arin screaming with himself as the guards
LOVE IT. Completely unhinged. I hope you have more planned for this series :>
Aaron Egoraptor Hanson! We need a whole series!!!!
Can't wait for more! It's so fun I love it ❤
Obama will be so happy.
not my favorite writing or character design ive seen from  Arin, but it looks like a cute and quirky show.
This has the same energy as that one movie where jim carrey played almost every character and tried to get rid of some kids, Don't remember the movie name sadly. Otherwise good animation!
Mixed feelings about some of the animation choice, or how you eat poo, but I like the concept, and Carrot seems chill!
Arin really saw this animation and thought “yeah this is good”
After 3 years upload video, better now them never
Welcome back brotha
That was not good. Like at all. The animation was a mess, it looked like Steven Universe if it was a late 2000s flash cartoon, and that weird meme-y pixel explosion wore out its welcome fast. This felt barely like a retelling of someone's life at an amusement park, it was a bit too off-the-wall for that. It should have been a bit more sub-dued so that you have the contrast between the wacky family-friendly atmosphere of a park and how it's just another day of the mundane lives of the people working there. The animation could have even reflected that, having a toony style with very minimal tooniness. None of the characters were funny in slightest, apart from maybe the bully guy but even then he was just very one-note. The main character was just boring, the tour guide woman was just "woooooah I'm a woman and I'm funny", and that clean one was just like "I'm a woman and I'm serious". There's nothing more to these characters so I have no reason to be engaged in the slightest by them. Even the gags couldn't carry this because none of them were funny. I already mentioned the pixel explosion but the rest are just as bad, like way too much time was spent on that mascot being like an eldrich demon, and there was too much repetition of gags that weren't funny to begin with.  I would not take this series any further unless I was willing to improve it. It's a good concept, I think a comedy series set in an amusement park could lead to some good hijinks but this execution of it was a dud
The VA of Symmetra for Hyancinth? That's awesome :)
I, for one, am glad that the main character is in a supportive relationship, it’s VERY refreshing to see in animation🙂
This cartoon was completely unhinged  And I loved it
I miss the good old days when Arin used to make funny let’s play videos
For what ever else this was exactly 10 mins of Arin.
The return of the King
This was excellent 😂
A little to fast maybe. and maybe they where a little to mean toward Slim. But som fun characters and world
THIS is a certified TRIGGER INSPIRED classic
Honestly this was fire
Arin's hot girlboss energy is off the charts.
Happy egoraptor day everyone!
Arin is my favorite character on the Egoraptor show.
Holy shit egoraptor! Hows it been my dude, its been ages since weve seen you
Damn where to begin:  The vibes fun, and the story has some great hooks to it  Its nice seeing Arin's comedic timing  put into a cartoon besides GG animated clips  The intro scene looked very much like something Worthikids would do so I was really happy to see he was the one that made it  I figure Amy was inspired by Suzy given her witchyness (awesome transformation sequence)  I've got a soft spot for bully characters who actually have a personality outside of being a bully so that was fun  All in all good pilot! Yeah its a little rough around the edges but you can feel the passion and love in each scene. Hope y'all are able to get this picked up by someone so you can make a real series out of it
The guy from that game show is doing animations now? LOL Okay.
I love that there is something darker afoot. I just watched Dead End Paranormal Park (loved it) and this is giving similar vibes
main guys voice sounds a lot similar to that one guy that showed up once on rick and morty for like a few seconds. and also similar to arin's uncle. Yah might be arins uncle's voice
"heh Nice anime pin, DUMBASS"  So happy to see a new upload here
Omg I need to know more about what Carrot is
He’s back
Starring: Arin Hanson Arin Hanson Arin Hanson Arin Hanson Celebrity guest voicework by: Arin Hanson Arin Hanson Narration by:  Arin Hanson Cameo voicework by:  Arin Hanson Arin Hanson Musical accompaniment by: Arin Hanson Sound affects produced by: Arin Hanson mouth Voice line direction provided by: Arin Hanson Extra voicework by:  People who aren't Arin Hanson
HE RETURNS
I loved it, it's very arin and the animation is incredible. The humour lags a bit at times but I can't hold that against you, I'm excited to see more and I really enjoyed it!!
This is interesting and I can't wait to see more
the boss lady already awoken something inside of me :(
I want this on a t-shirt!!
Egoraptor...there's a name I haven't heard in a long time!
See you all in 3 years for episode 2
Megaman!
I honestly forgot I was subbed.
Damm, very cool idea. Would love to see a second one
Feels good to see you heading up a new cartoon, man.
Obama’s gonna LOVE this one.
hello i would like to order 5 seasons please~!
I admit I was not a huge fan of this, but maybe it's just pilot weirdness.
Do nada
holy fucking shit it's been 84 years
Pretty good. Very hyper. Even at 10 minutes long it gets a little exhausting keeping up with it. Maybe tone down future episodes just a wee bit? Other than that I think the premise is interesting. Looking forward to character development!
I love how Carrot moves. It’s so creepy and just great.
"Created by Arin Hanson" dont you mean "uploaded by Arin Hanson"
"It's your boi, Egoraptor " - Arnold of Game Grumps
So many fun things.  Some new jokes mixed with some older ones.  I saw those homages to street fighter
_Aaaaah the Babadook!_
this is just amazing, We have to have more.
This is pretty nonsensical, so I guess this is in line with the old stuff.
The excitement I felt when you brought up baman and piderman omg
WHO GAVE ARIN A SHOW@@@@
Arin animating again?! I never though I'd see the day!
that was a fun watch. had no idea what was happening but i had fun with it
Nice!! Very funny!
I have no clue whats happening and im here for it
Wait? How does the video have more likes then it has views?
Omg! I was wondering why for a while nothing was happening on this channel. I miss when you made animations! You need to continue Girl-Chan in paradise! Please! It was so good! I still have the poster from Anime Expo that has your signature on it. I know you are busy with Game Grumps, but think a lot of your fans will like this of you did an animation on this channel again. 🙏  P.S.  This was a amazing animation! Very good with a lot of the detail that was put into it! Love the voice work and the humor! Looking forward to more episodes!
Based video, raccoon in first 60s
Putting this on the egoraptor channel feels very misleading.
I’m surprised that the mighty officers didn’t give James a “mighty kiss”
More
MY CORNS!
My Disney experience in one video
Its really nice to see egoraptor collabing with big channels like game grumps.
should I show this to my parents?
I liked him better when he did Let's plays... What a sellout.
This felt like a total fever dream. Arin being almost every single character contributed to that. I can't wait to see the next one!
I love that Arin voiced most of the characters, I love that he took such big roles in voice acting and animating.
1h ago??? 😮
Whatever you do, do NOT pitch this to Netflix or WB
The best part was when all of the screaming security guards were Arin.
Anyone remember Cartoon Cartoon? The thing Cartoon Network did to pitch new shows for the network? This has Cartoo  Cartoon vibes. It's fun and has incredible potential... but like... zero control... I wanna see more though. The characters are so unique
I was excited to see a new Egoraptor video pop up... but then I read the infobox and saw that he didn't animate it himself... but still 10 minutes I could have spent worse :P
I think this cartoons suffers from lack of clarity and sound design. I could barely tell what some characters were saying, and things didn't visually make a lot of sense some times. I think with a lot more polish on the writing and sound, this could be amazing. It's definitely a good starting point.
I fucking love this.
Best day ever, the dude that made me want to draw and animate stuff has finally uploaded something cool!   I can't wait to see where this series will go!
hopefully this will get picked up would totally watch this on amazon or netflix if it got picked up for a full season plus it would give you the freedom to add more detail and have a bigger budget from the already great animation here i can tell time and dedication was spent here imagine we get an nsp or star bomb for the theme song
Been following Arin and watching Game Grumps since 2012, this is definitely the content that attracted me to him. Awesome animation, the plot is understandable yet all over the place. Gold
I order 3 seasons and a Halloween special.
Honestly shocked how much of the original style of humor is in the animations, even years later!
even though Arin didn't animate this I can DEFINITELY see his influence in the style. if you told me out of context that the creator of the Awesome Series produced a cartoon this is more or less what I'd picture. great job Arin and team!
I miss when Arin used to play videogames.
6:16 what anime characters think they look like doing their special moves vs what they actually look like to onlookers.
Really cute and fun! Definitely had me laughing out loud multiple times
Honestly laughed a bunch! Super fun
I love this so much
It is criminal how little views this has gotten so far
Mighty-KISS wha- what? Mighty punch Mighty kick *Mighty KISS*
I love this!! I can't believe all of this happened to Arin exactly the way it has been animated when he worked at that theme park
What a nice surprise! I really like it
If ever I had a fever dream this is what it would look like.
Slim Jim...why not lames, already have to throw away the characters name by immediately call him Slim Jim
I love this. I love it a lot. The one critique I’d give is it doesn’t quite feel polished up, in the sense that some lines are too low in the mix, or sound muffled, and some visual effects are a bit rough. Other than that though, which honestly aren’t even that big a deal, this shit is awesome. The VOICE ACTING my god Arin, you truly are a professional, shit was hilarious, timing was great, animation was great, and I can see how Arin absolutely had control over the direction but how all the artists contributed in unique and cool ways that makes it worth watching multiple times to catch things you missed. Good good shit bro.
Arin laughing while voicing the mighty rangers killed me xD
I miss when arin use to animate - Dale gribble
Alright Mr. Weiner Barf. I'm sold. Looks good. Liked the gags. Carrot fight scene gave me life.
Well, that was a rollercoaster
What is an animation doing on this channel?
Do you remember when Arin used to animate? Pepperridge Farms remembers.
This is a fever dream I can follow melania’s attacks like it’s a slideshow but this has melted my brain
Glad to see that SuperMega's ritualistic human sacrifice of Arnold worked in resurrecting Egoraptor
Love how The Mighty Officers have some similarity to the Super Go squad design-wise
Egoraptor: The only man who can literally turn procrastination into an artform.  Glad you finally remembered the password for this channel, lol
MY CORNS!
That was legitimately enjoyable.
Animation was fun! Arin voicing every other character sucked ass, the story was shit, and the dialogue is putrid feces, still love the animation style looked great
this tastes like egoraptor
“This guy eats poo and wants to kiss me” I really want to find a way to use this in my daily life
Dale Gribble Voice*  I miss when Arin used to animate. What happened to that sellout?
there's too much going on it's like trying to keep up in a conversation with your friend that's been off his meds for a week
It just feels like a special day or moment when Arin uploads on this channel.
Lol, loved it, wouldn't say its cohesive enough as a show, but definitely love the return to form of the old animated randomness. Love you and game grumps.
Dang I kept getting pulled in wondering what was gonna happen next paired with Small-Beau's iconic snappy animation- I am enthralled
That was awesome!! Good to see our boy Aaron is still in touch with his animater roots!
This was fantastic, I NEEED more
i don't know what's more surprising: this out of nowhere animated pilot or the fact that Arin referred to himself as "Egoraptor" for what must be the first time in years
This looks great
I think James' voice direction is too 2011. With everyone having an over the top wacky personality, I feel like James should be the voice I'd reason character, even if he himself is a bit crazy.
That sure was something.
Wat ze fuq?
6:36 that is a shoocharu inspired birb if ever I've seen one
As a wrestling fan, props to him for calling it a Frankensteiner.
How does this have more likes than views?
Never thought I would see the day
OMG HAPPYLANDS ARE AN ACTUAL THING IN MY COUNTRY AND I LOVE THEM (They're kinda like arcades tho) (hope Arin doesnt get sued jakskaks).  Also i really liked this!!! 💕 Specially for the potential chemistry between the main cast. I do hope though that if they end up making more episodes that they take the jokes per second down a notch so that more actual character interactions happen jskakksas  GOOD JOB!!! ❤️
The Mighty Officers are a certified Egoraptor classic
Let’s goooooooo🙌🎉
Well damn, this is great!
that was delightful
👍
For a sec I actually thought Arin animated something after a century... Sorely mistaken, but good to see egoraptor uploading anyways!
It's been 84 years...
I can already see …certain types of art of some of these characters.
It seemed like a stable job
6:46 "IWANTSOMEPOUNDCAKE!"
Very cool BUT Sequelitis, please and thank you
Yo what
Arin Harin?!???
I like it.
When’s the next sequelitis?!?
3 years damn bruh
Who... Is this for? Too dark and violent for child audiences, yet too outright stupid for adults. This is like if characters in Spongebob could bleed. Maybe the next episode will be better, but the pilot is subpar compared to Arin's other content. Then again, the other content was made when Arin had balls. This humor is completely gutless.
I didn't have this on my 2022 bingo card..
This was the first video I've truly enjoyed in a very long time. I want more of this. The heart and love put in is unmatched. This was wonderful, Arin. Thank you for bringing this to life!!
Me gusta mucho :)
Smallbu kicked ass on the animation!
I just hope this gets more eps! :D
This feels so much like arin trying hard to be his old self but it just isnt vibing the same
Bro, the fact that Anjali Bhimani made a cameo in this is dope. She doesn't sounds like Symmetra at all; it's seriously like night and day.  Also, the whole wrestling fan service after the Mighty Officers beat the shit out of Slim Jim was gold.
Masterpiece, great work arin!
Loving arin voicing a dozen  characters😂
I am having such a hard time seeing past the fact that I know all of these voices Arin does, so it just sounds like Arin to me whenever any of these guys speak.  It's either I watch too much Game Grumps (which, I wouldn't say it's too much, but I do struggle to find any episode I haven't seen) or Arin is a shitty voice actor (which, obviously, he isn't. He's clearly great.)  I did enjoy this, however.  Very on brand for the Grandest Grump.
And when the world needed him most, he returned
Holy Shit, this was AWESOME!!!
Yikes!!! Arin what were you thinking? I'm heading back to the Game Grumps channel. Bye.
I really wish I could get into my uniform by performing an unholy pagan ritual…
Amazing!
Wow, I actually thought it was good and want to watch more. I'm used to web shows being bad or cringey at first but I actually enjoyed it. Good job, guys!
A lot of Youtubers drop cartoons but they eventually decay and fall flat. Arron being an animator, having an appreciation for animation and being really funny gives me really high expectations and hopes for the show.
I never realized how much I missed Arin's animated stuff. Hope there's more of this on the way.
Worthikids did a great job!!! Love to see such a great show and hope it gets picked up!!
fk yeah, super cool animation
my CORNS
I WANT SOME POUND CAKE!
Well... Who is ready to do a Starbomb marathon?
Yo the volume oscilates too much man. Can't listen to shit then BOOM SCREAM Other than that this is cool
I miss when Arin did Game Grumps.
This feels like old Egoraptor shit and I love it.
man, i thought you fully forgot about this channel
How can something feel fresh and new while also feeling oddly nostalgic? That is *the Egoraptor magic.* Laughed all the way through.  I am so on-board for this, Captain Arin. 🤣
I tend to forget that Arin was originally a Florida boy before he moved to Cali.
baman piderman fame!
I like this a lot! The exposition was a little fast. But it was a 10/10 from the bus scene on. could see the on Cartoon Network
sorry but this isn't very good
Welcome Back Egoraptor
I have no idea what is happening right now…
Arin, I thank you for the many inspiring things you have done over all these years. And it's thanks to you, that I'll nevER WEAR COMFORTABLE SHOES AGAIN.
Holy crap this was great!! Loved how spastic all the acting was, and how many sight gags there were. So funny and fun! Great job by everyone involved!! 😍
Oh my god it's so good to have you back
When you show your first child some love 😂
Egoraptor: "Goddamn Adult Swim gave psychicpebbles his own show!  Where's MY show?!"
This jumped all over the place and I loved it
I love this so much bearing arins little giggles while voice acting is so fun
The algorithm is strong with this one.
I'm gonna be honest, I skipped over the intro, and I have no idea what's happening. Gonna go back and see.
egoraptor animating finally?
This was... a lot. lol Funny but very all over the place? You obvs had fun tho!
.....I need episode 2 😩
Omg, I love the baman and piderman guys :D Good to see some animation again.
I love that he's most of the voices
This was fantastic!
Love it
What the hell did I just watch?
Yeah, this definitely sums up working at a certain theme park.
So much work, from voice acting to animating this, I love it <3 Thank you
Really cool to see someone like Arin break out of his comfort zone and try something new like animation.
Holy sh*t the two who made Baman Piderman helped make this?!
Great work to everyone involved!
I absolutely love that Arin is basically every voice ❤😂
HE POSTED!!
Very interesting concept.
This pleases my ADHD brain.
That audio mixing was really hard to listen to.  It was hard to understand most of what was said, or even follow what was going on. The voice acting from Arin specifically would jump from way too loud, to way too soft and fast very often.  Small Bu's animation was charming, but the writing was hard to follow, the narrative structure could use some tightening.  Now this last point is very subjective, but for me,  the jokes really didn't land.  Maybe not my kind of humor.
I'd really like a creator commentary track with this.
10 minutes of high quality animation on YouTube, am I dreaming?
Anyone else miss when Arin used to make let's plays?
Someone please explain to me why this animation style reminds me of a certain "mime" cartoon...
The sound balancing is pretty awful
MY CORNSS
Hahaha funny Arin voices make brain go brrrrrrrrr
Already better than RWBY.
This left me super confused. The good kind of confused
Egorapter uploading? Unpossible!
Not too bad. Lots of hilarious things I have to watch a few times. "MY CORNS!!!".
Can't wait for part 2 next year
LOVE LOVE THIS
I love it I want to see more wow!!!!
Bruh this was the most unexpected but welcome surprise ever
I can see that Arin never got out of the mid-2000s mentality of how to do animated comedy. Good luck, buddy!
I sure miss the days when Arin used to play video games.
it was grate man i love carrot hes the best
Wow this is very Arin and I want more please. Good job everyone on the project
High quality products even if the humor is not my cup of tea
Wait, the Shufflemaster hacked Egotaptor's channel? The Game Grumps aren't gonna be happy about this.
Just woke up from a decade long coma, glad to see my favorite animator egoraptor is still animating
I hope this means that we might get another Sequalitis then
Yikes 😬
Hyacinth's VA did a great job, I need more of her in my life.
Wtf...did I just watch an acid trip 😂🤣😂
Omg Where did arin used to work? Hell?
love the multi Arin universe
Never thought I'd see the day
Love this
More of Carrot please!!!!!!
christ, ego uploaded? next micheal reeves will put out a new vid. Also, it would be sick if you two worked together on a dumb robot idea using your animations for the digital face.
The myth, the legend!! He's back boys!!!
Wait  you know carrot too?
What did they do to you at Doosneyland, Arin
"Hella" excited to see where this all goes. I found the characters super charming and likeable and I look forward to seeing them all in action as the story progresses. Good shit, Arin!
If only blockbuster wasn't a netflix show, arin's history as a nutbuster would be interesting
YES ARINS RETURN
SpiderKISS
Did Arin record all his lines outside?
Amazing he lives!   Though This determines if he’s become soyraptor or remains egoraptor. I get the former vibe. Will come back after its done. Noice he didnt force soy down our throats
Its like Super Jail on crack. I love it
The Animation is incredibly creative, the expressions are fantastic and there are a lot of visual joke that are meant for animation, which doesn't seem like much but in today's adult animation scene, that's actually something. Also, the poses are wonderfully readable.
you are my hero bro
"hehehe looks like somebody has a death wish"
I could listen to arin do voices all day 😂
I’m glad Arin got to voice a lot of different characters!😂
This has a really classic Newgrounds unhinged energy. Definitely looking forward to more.
More plz
i want. to see more
Ngl, if this was a full on show I would watch the shit out of it
No fucking way
Ambient noise
Imagine being an animator but paying someone else to do animations on your channel.
WOOOOOOOOO!!!
He finally animated something
The fart jokes and Super Sentai stuff is so Arin haha Good to see an animation again though. For a 9 minute introduction to characters, the setting and a sort-of mystery plot, it was enjoyable, really fast paced, but enjoyable.
This is a suprise
I love this. I need moar
That was great!
Very interesting
This was very good! Congrats Arin and the whole team!
Well, that was really good.
After watching so much game grumps, I can pick out all of Arin's different voices pretty easily
👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
I do be enjoying this pilot tho, its supes fun and like, entertsining and stuff
I don't know how much of this " might actually have happened" to Arin when he worked at Disney, but somehow imagining him getting the shit kicked out off by the Disney crew in costumes is both the saddest and most hilarious thing i can think of...
Is this eeegoratpeerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr???????????
Wow I can't believe Arin "Egoraptor" Hanson is alive! Wonder what he's been doin all this time?
Anyone else just binge a bunch of old Egoraptor videos?
What did that guy whisper 2:45
Godspeed fucker!! 🤟
Is this what it's like to be in Arin Hanson's mind outside of Game Grumps?
Welcome back.
This shit was so all over the place my lord
I LOVE U EGORAPTOR ✨💖
LETS FREAKING GOOO THAT WAS FIRE
This was really fun, I love carrot
Please come back 😅
As a member of the Other Park, I can confirm everything in this video is 100% accurate
I LOVE IT! I WANT MOREEEEE!!!!, MOREEEEEE!!!!
Ok I like it
Man, the voice acting is truly awful. Ever heard of the German word „Fremdschämen“? This is it.
Saw the upload and was immediately disappointed that it wasn’t a new sequelitis, then got super excited bc this show looks really neat.
Glad to see you still got it. Hope to see some more, and also more of Jim's "girlfriend". Satanic shit cool
I genuinely thought I'll never see the day
It’s like an early Christmas gift! :D
I love this so much
oh wow that really is what a frankensteiner is good job
Holy shit
Damn. That's super nostalgic. I was the loser that recited old Egoraptor cartoons with my friends at recess by heart lol. I look forward to more of these, hopefully!
Other than some pacing issues I love this. Lindsey and Alex small-bu are amazing animators and I'm always happy to see their work and the plot seems fun!
"it's been a while".. How many years again was that? :-D  Great to see more content though, for sure.
Now THIS taste like egoraptor
oh boy almost everyone is voiced by Arin
I remember my stint at Disne...Ahhh mean Happyland!!!
This was a lot of fun, and I think I love Carrot ❤️ shows got a lot of fun concepts and I'd like to see more of it :)
I actually laughed a lot when she used a satanic ritual to Don her uniform.
liked it ^^ _insert joke about Arin doing animation again_
The dub is a little akward to me for some reason, i'm happy this exists... But i feels a little jarring... it's good animation regardless tho, very creative stuff and ideas love it, thanks arin
I love this! Very wacky and love how it's just riddled with Arin's personality
Wow, Arin from GG does animations now?
The Grumps should play High on Life
Ok 3:42 genuinely slayed me so hard
06:30 He left the laugh in 😅
Ok.....I'm down and I love this.
6:46 A-TAP-TAP-PUUUCKET
Hey, Arin it’s great that you’ve returned to your animation roots, but I feel that your years away from animation have hindered your ability to grow and evolve as an artist the pacing, comedic writing, character designs, and animation all feel stuck in the past.
Lets GOOOOOOOOOOOO
This is very Arin, but it’s good :P
Does Carrot like men
I am seriously happy that you made this, thank you!
wtf did I just witnessed.  I mean that on so many levels.
i what? wait, yes. no, yes. no... but YOUR HIRED! more episodes when? next year? sooner? whenever you do make more i will be here. I will BUY a mug that says "I DON'T EAT POO!" on it. whatever it takes, i will support this.... I think my brain melted a little bit however i do sincerely love this. the animation style, the writing, the fact that i could tell that Arin did most of the voices, i love it all!!!
Love the animation on the boss lady character
I like how at 6:25, you can hear Arin in the studio laughing at himself lol
Hm, I am interested in this
This was quite excellent, and enjoyable to watch!
Wow didn't expect anything
Lol
non stop laughs hope yall had alot of fun working on this it was awesome
*turns head 180* W H A T
Did Arin just walk into the booth then it was sealed behind him so he just did almost all the voices to get out
That was a great pilot!  I gotta say though.. If this is based on experiences of Arin working at a 'certain theme park'... That is one messed up theme park.
while I am glad you uploaded a new video on this channel... I'm  just gonna be honest the animation sucks in terms of appearance at least and the story was a little all over the place that said i think you have good idea it just seemed poorly executed to me at least I dont know about anyone else nor do i really care. anyway take mr egoraptor hope to see more starbomb music vids in the future
5:11 does anyone know the language they're using their bodies to spell with?  Totally fine with any language or not. Just asking.
'I liked him better when he made haha video game videos' -Hank Hill
I'm excited to see this! 😁
Wow that really cool 👍🏻
🔥 AFTER ALL THESE YEARS!!! 🔥  🏴‍☠ OUR PATIENCE HAS BEEN REWARDED!!!  🏴‍☠
DID YOU SAY "OF _BAMAN PIDERMAN_ FAME??"
MY sweet star child make a link to this video your pinned tweet, Arin! Daddy can't be tasked with using a search bar
Arin voices so many fucking people in these 😂 what a man
Man, I miss when The Shuffle Master used to do booster box unboxings
Father came back with the milk thank you for blessing us again >:)
Whoa!  Been a while, glad you’re still enjoying all you do/did.
2:40  Only Arin can write something like this. I love it
This is really good, I want more.
king is back
Is no one gonna talk about the whooshing sound effect when he goes into a daydream, sounding IDENTICAL to Doug on Nickelodeon? Awesome Easter egg!!!
OH SNAP! it was awesome an animation!
I really like this! The sound design is uh All over the place though… It’s just… off… And i would suggest having everyone recording with similar mics and preferably, in the same environment… Though I would guess you knew that. Again, congrats on the release! :)
Oh my god! Egoraptor upload! Lets FUCKING GO!
I loved this XD
that was so fucking good
I kinda wish Arin had more friends to help with the voices, just seems weird for practically everyone to be voiced by him.
Wow.... so mickeys brain IS hidden in the underground facility at Disneyland....
Good job to the whole team that worked on this.
Omg this is amazing I hope to see more I love it so random my brain understands it all I love how he does all the voices too great job egoraptor my new favorite show
As soon as I saw the power ranger lookin guys, I knew small-butera worked on this lol
Dam just dam
Sort of makes me think of Superjail!
FRANKENSTEINER!
during the mighty attacks i'm just picturing Arin in front of the mic improving each name haha
Jesuscrist I don't know what it's going on and I like it 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Pure. Chaos. Love it.
Good work!!
Is the other park supposed to be Knotts Berry Farm or something?
Wait. So it's NOT animated by Arin? It's just produced and written by him (but not only him)? Oh, man... 😔
Rotparoge did an upload!
Yooooo.. they got Symmetra's voice actor to come in and play Hyacinth?! That's actually awesome.. what the hell... but.. I hope there's more of this.. cause I am super stoked to see it take off..
Lot's of snappy spastic movements... I like it 👍
I loved everything about this
I love how dynamic and snappy all those poses are! Also damn Hyacinth can get it
Love that Ninja Brian did the music for this, it's so good! <3
where's season 2, plz its needed
Wow…this was garbage. Sorry but stick to game grumps. Making shows isn’t your thing anymore.
Love this, would watch.
Haven't even watched it yet, but dang there's a lotta people I like in the credits
3 years…
Worthly 3 years waiting
Oooooh boy
I’d be into something like this.  if you’re looking for feed back
I feel like you just animated what ADHD is like lol
A good showcase of Arin's writing, voice acting and directing talent; not to mention the stellar animation by SMALLBU. Every character had their narrative roles and designs clearly communicated. I know for a fact that he and everyone else involved in this production has a lot more to show, and I can't wait to see more.  If I'm allowed a small bit of constructive criticism:  -Audio mixing was good overall, but in some very small sequences could have been better. Mainly when Harley Wayne is whispering at 2:45. There are also some moments when the mixing doesn't add up with what's onscreen, like at the end in the locker when Slim Jim is a little more quiet as he's yelling across the room to create the illusion of distance he's still at the same volume when the camera and the viewer is brought closer to him at the end of his line.  -Meryl, I believe her name is, the boss/manager character, has a voice that's just a little too close to our main character James. I know a lot of this pilot is Arin talking to himself but it felt most apparent with these two. I'm not sure if the solution would be to give her a different voice (Either another Arin voice or a different VA altogether) or to go to pains to make sure they don't speak to or after each other so often, but given how I enjoy the character interactions I think I'd prefer the former over the latter.  -If I can have one final nitpick (and I'm REALLY reaching to have a third nitpick here) it's that at the very beginning intro when the book opens and we see a transition from claymation to illustrated animation there really should have been a "pop" in the music to accentuate the feeling of "diving into" the story (maybe with the song increasing in volume, some of the instrumentation becoming better defined over the others, etc.) but with the song remaining static it sort of takes away from that transition.  All in all, this is great. I love it. It's a small step away from being even greater, and that's what I love to see. That's what makes me want even more. Please, let's make that happen.  Random thoughts: I'd love to see more outlandish mascots (evil or otherwise) The jokes about the rides and different sections of the theme parks practically write themselves, can't wait to see more of the park. Some returning characters in the form of park visitors would be nice, to create that dynamic between employee and the clueless "Disney adult". Let's blow that already existent absurdity out of proportion, yeah?
The audio sounds like peak Egoraptor. As in they added every other VA’s lines later after writing their script to adapt to the recording they had of Arin ad-libbing characters, lore and scenarios for over an hour on a sugar high that left him comatose until they were ready to animate (probably a month)
Also I must say after watching this it is a masterpiece
this is so egoraptor
OMG glad ur still at it dude!
HE LIVES
Here’s hoping this reaches Vivziepop levels of fame, cause I love this
this was amazing!
I’m gonna be real, I just didn’t think it was that funny. A lot of jokes fell flat, which is unfortunate because they feel pretty interchangeable. It just doesn’t feel very original either since it feels like a knockoff of better episodes of better shows. Art and animation was great and I hope the people who did that are able to turn it into something positive. Idk, that’s all I really got. Hope to see you try again. I don’t really like not liking this tbh.
It may not be animated by him, but the humor definitely feels like classic Egoraptor. I especially like the bully that has an almost Helga-like dynamic with James.
I still need the "Do do da do do, choose the movie you want to watch." Jingle.
Wonderfully weird, I love it <3
Very good
Too much about poop
I think we all know something about not trusting golden bunnies
As a former amusement park employee named James, I relate on a spiritual level
Please, sir, I'd like some more cartoons...! Please? PLEASE?! MORE CARTOONS. PLEASE. WHERE DO I THROW MONEY AT YOU TO MAKE THIS HAPPEN?!
Wow I didn't know Arin Hanson from shufflemaster did animations
This animation was a bizzarre, crazy and wild ride.
I'm really distracted by the sound mixing on this... I have the volume up so I can hear most of the talking but I keep having to cover the phone speaker for tHE _REALLY _*_LOUD_*_ PARTS_
:D
Animator gets credits on the fifth page of credits lmao 😂
haha that was pretty entertaining. nicely done.
Man, this is actually seriously good. The comedy style is genius. No joking, this should be on Adult swim or something.
That rabbit scares me, why does it scare me so much!!!
I’m not surprised the criminal on the run in this mascot ridden theme park is in a yellow rabbit suit
THE GOAT IS BACK
ITS BEEN 1000 YEARS
Love it.  Here's hoping the Mouse doesn't get wind of this.
This was a whole fever dream. In the best way
no fuckin way
Ever since i saw your old art videos something just awoke in me and since then i have been drawing every day trying to improve, i just want to thank you for being one of the biggest inspirations for me as an artist.
SMALLBU animated this btw hope the people who didn't know that see this K bye lol
Omg he's still alive XD
I humbly request 4 seasons and a made for tv movie more of this.
idk why but the boss is uhhhh....damn👀
egoraptor would have change for a 20...
Oh no man... I think I took acid again...
the insane ramblings of arin never looked so good, thanks everyone
I don't know what I just watched, but yeah, that tracks.
this looks like egoraptors style
I followed the secret code in game grumps. Must watch, good look on this new show I am very excited to see how it goes! ⛳
Really needed the laughs this provided!
is this fuckin egorapter
I sure miss the days when arin used to do let’s plays, what happened to that sell out
Man it's a shame Arin started animating, I really wish he'd go back to let's playing.
glad to see you havent gotten rusty
I feel like instead of "Poo eater" Arin was called a "penis licker" when he worked at that park lol
.... YOUR STILL ALIVE?!
5:42 - I hear that voice and my mind immediately goes to "It's a fine day for mayoring! Oop! Death approaches!"
ID LIKE SOME POUNDCAKE
Oh my God you're still alive I've been super worried and even commented on the last video of your Channel about your comeback. We missed the game raps and you.
Those were some of the best 10 minutes of my year. Egoraptor doing stuff again is just great 👍
that was a trip and a half. fucking amazing
Great job
THIS ROCKS
1:39 Very Impressive & Effective use of Occultism there.
I like Carrot, I can't wait to see how their arc plays out
I love how the mighty police sound exactly the same! Loved the animation!
Some Gainax shit happening at 4:35. LOVE IT!!
I honestly need more
I cant believe this all happened to Arin Hanson at Theme Park
8:45 That ginger guy wants he 422 eaten by the main guy soooo gosh darn bad. my sides hurt when ever he's on screen
Omg I love this!! Also love how clearly Amy, the girlfriend, is based on Susie. So cute
the audio mixing is very poor and needs a lot of work.
This is.... Practice your scripts bud
Couldn't tell what was going on the first few minutes, but otherwise super fun to watch! He's still got  it! /)^3^(\
Small my beloved
Very strange, but it has... Potential.
Love it
The bit with Harley secretly loving anime was really well done lol
Fresh af my guys and gals
This is a weird episode of bigtop burger
What year is it?!?!
You can hear arin laughing to himself during the mighty attacks and it makes it 10x better
I am so looking forward to this.
... there... are no words... for what I just watched...
loovveeee this would love to see more!!
The animation is really good! Love the "diverse" cast too!
I hope a part 2 of this gets made
no way spring bonnie at 2:20
No Happyland it kinda not great though they could make another good potential out of it to ummm be better like Awesome you know Awesome.
what a fun place!
Egoraptor looks a lot like Arin from Game Grumps. They could be brothers.
Return of the king
This was so enjoyable and had such a fun chaotic energy to it. Also Arin is an insane voice actor god damn
It was a little hard to follow the central story with such a rapid pacing-- I'm not sure whether there were two flashbacks, or just one. Too many characters were introduced in too rapid succession. Other than "Slim Jim", what was any character's name? When we're watching a flash video with characters we already know it's fine, but this is effectively the pilot for an animated series.  Generally, I'd say the next episode needs to be longer and have a slower pace so we can better digest the kooky characters and scenarios. But the important thing is that he's uploading again!
Awhile, man you haven't uploaded in 3 years
smartbutera + egoraptor? gee i wasn't expecting this, came out pretty good too. i can see definetely see this becoming an amazing series, the charm is there and a little more polish and direction could really make it great.
Looked alright, but the vocals were all over the place. The chick in the sunglasses was hard to hear, while almost everyone Arin voiced was too loud.
Carrot is my new favourite mascot
Arin's mind terrifies me, but you know I gotta see where this leads
I'm glad to see animation on this channel again, but the script on this thing could have used some more work.
It's so weird hearing Arin refer to himself as Egoraptor after all this time ;) I mean, it's been a while since I last heard him call himself that in a video intro is all.
This was amazing to get a notification for. I loved this so much
Nice, welcome back to Youtube, Egoraptor!
I love it.
Guys this aint real egoraptor died 3 years ago remember?
I really missed Aaron’s voice acting
the animation was nice, flowed well and snappy and fun.   the pacing felt like Ok KO though, waaaay too fast for me. Like nothing ever got to breath.   a lot felt empty too? there wasn’t a lot of bg noise / music, and with arin doing most of the voices it felt unfinished. like story board levels of VA/sound design, where one dude does it all and there’s only 1 sound active at a time and often it’s done by mouth sounds.   liked the bunny thing, adds some interesting horror aspects.   overall. idk man, the pacing just killed too much of it for me. like constantly trying to get my attention to different things all at once. maybe it’s made for little kids? like  8 and under? i might not be the target demo for this
i'm invested now. i gotta know more about Carrot
Created, not animated.
I actually love how the characters in this animation move, they are so expressive and absurd. Please let it blow up and get a million views then another episode
Dammit arin. I've missed you
there were a lot of good jokes in there! :)
Egoraptor uploaded. I can finally unplug this life support now.
Arin looking like a skinny legend, we love you bromocado!
Umm what?
i just woke up from a fever dream and when i saw this upload i thought maybe i was still dreaming, but then after watching it i KNOW i'm still dreaming. thanks arin
Arin has come a long way since Newgrounds! Back then he had a shoestring budget and voiced 100% of the characters! Now he voices 90% of the characters with a shoestring AND aglet budget! Congrats Bud! You always impress, finding the time to be everything to everyone across multiple channels, platforms and industries while occasionally giving us an extra treat like this. If Superman came from the doomed alien world of Florida instead of Krypton, he would be you. The order I said that in is intentional. He WISHES. 💛
Arin you just made a grown ass man cry with joy.
nice! i'm happy to see you're enjoying yourself as an artist again.
Arin, SMALLBÜ, and Worthikids? I did not know I needed a collab like this!
Reminder when he used to be funny and talented.
Wtf I was just looking up the sequelitis oot video, you back from hiding?
Super enjoyed it. Can't wait for more!
Wow, who knew Arin of Game Grumps can animate?
Pretty colorful and wacky, had a lot of egoraptor energy of course, good enviroment and character building, a bit violent just for the sake of it but meh still funny, overall like it a lot, the sideplot of the rabbit is very interesting, nailed the human resourse comedy, and the personality of the characters is strong and easy to identify making a cool and colorful cast, awesome pilot 10/10, would watch.
Either way, I'm all for more happy? HappyLand 😁
kinda boring
*MY CORNS!*
Fuckin loved the animation on carrot and the cops at 4:17
A very exciting and heartwarming surprise Arin and collaborators have worked on.   Absolutely amazing to see Arin’s voice acting skills in action, however I feel his voice falls flat on Slim Jim. Like, it just doesn’t register to me as a match to the character. Perhaps it’s just for plot reasons, but would love to see more options for Slim Jim.
It's cute. Hope we get to see more.
I honestly don't have much to say about the actually content. It was alright, but not really my humour. But what was with the audio mixing? Everything felt so quiet and subdued for the quick and bombastic tone this was going for.
I like. I like a lot. Thnx. 👍👍
I miss when Arin used to do Game Grumps.
Hot dog, that was funny! I vaguely remember you mentioning this tram story from either game grumps or shuffle master.
I never thought Arin Hanson would ever return to animation
I love this
O:
No flipping way
Smallbu rocks.
Cartoons RULE! I like the part with the Mighty Officers.
wonderful <3
I can’t wait to see more!! Great job, Arin and team!!
Eh... wow... This was awesome?! I mean.. I loved it... eh yeah👍❤
This whole thing is an acid trip and I'm here for it
It's pretty good! Tho really fast paced😅
AHHH THIS WAS SOO GOOOD I LOVE IT
I can't believe this all really happened in real life exactly as it's shown here
4:25
BRING.......BACK..........THE..........AWESOME............... SERIES........... PLEASE
Me when Egoraptor finally uploads: 😳
I don't know if it would make more or less sense if I was high on mushroom
I can’t even believe this exists. Something new on this channel being released
That was fantastic, absolutely amazing. Need more happy land in my eye holes!!!!! Carrot is love, Carrot is life.
Was super great ! I love it
Wait this was 10 MINUTES- we’ll I mean time flies when your having fun ig
uHm this looks like egORaptOr
That was great! Hope there's more to come in the future
2006 me would be so hopeful for the future seeing this
I really hope this takes off
I like the animation and the characters that weren't Arin, other than that rest was not for me
OMG, a new Egoraptor cartoon!!! POG!!!
This reminds me a lot of my fever dreams
2:45 that shit was so funny knowing his high school life
I’m so exited to see more of this in the future if it ever gets picked up! I’m so intrigued by Carrots and what the hell that’s about
Remember when Arin was funny ?
W
for me it really clicked at around 5:00 everything after that was super fun and Id definitely keep watching the part before that was a bit too much cramped into too little a time frame imo. but if it keeps up like the later part Im absolutely hyped for more. tho I think the audio levels need to be evened out a bit more
Finally egoraptor is back
Wow! That was funny!
Loved it. but the pacing was a little inconsistent if this does happen im sure they will balance it
that was literally so fkin amazing jesussssss i have to rewatch qvq love the smallbu art style with the added spice of egoraptors anim style and obvs his voice acting and comedy which are a major part of his anim style. felt like such a refreshing mix to have these people collaborate and MY GOD the intro by worthi???? this team is insane congrats to everyone who worked on this!
This I like
This is a masterpiece
I absolutely love this. It's so nostalgic as someone who watched a lot of Newgrounds animation back in the day with the wacky pacing and mindless humor that's meant to be over the top and silly. I hope to see more of this!!
I'm gonna tell my kids this is Neil Armstrong 0:00
Arin this is so great!
Love it
oh. kay.
*sniff* This...this smells like Egoraptor!
This…tastes like Egoraptor
This has got Awesome series vibes and I love it!
Umm… what did I just watch? I got none of that, but I need MORE!
Please please please don’t let this be just a pilot
Me over here waiting for a new sequalitus featuring Dan
all the lil giggles during the mighty officer move names kills me
I can’t believe this actually happened to Arin
I'm starting my internship at a certain theme park similar to this in January and this is not encouraging, thanks!
holy shit happy days, arin "egoraptor" hanson actually made art again.    as much as i joke about him not doing art anymore, i am legitimately happy he's making stuff on this channel again.  his newgrounds stuff was basically my gateway into the wider web.
I hope you're planning to make more of this at any point in the future! :D In the meantime I'll be rewatching this over and over again lol
First belly laugh to an animation in a long time! I wasn't sure about this at first but the "don't talk to the camera" bit killed me and I was sold 😂
*insert joke about Arin remembering his password here*
What is this dialogue. I feel like I’m having a fever dream.
why aren't your words matching your face?
huh.
Such a big inspiration to me, I will watch this show if it comes out
It’s good to see his style again I missed it
I LOVE this and I want MORE!!!
I am very confused
What year is this?????? a new upload??? Lets goooooooo
I'm still waiting for the next Sequelitis.
this is so cool
This was really fun and stupid! I can't wait for more!
glad to see egoraptor finally put out a project
Aw man, i cant believe Arin got beat up by legally distinct multicolored soldiers at one of the many Florida theme parks on his first day at work.   Youd think he'd tell this story on Grumps since it's totally true
This is genuinely amazing and I laughed so much! You and everybody who worked on this are awesome!!!
Yooooooo so cool
Commenting for engagement. Glad to see you back, keep this quality content coming!
Definatly has potential but very incoherent
YouTube captions be like: “It’s your boy, Eagle Raptor”
That was fun! A bit hectic, jumping from one thing to seven in an instant Arin voicing 90% of the cast was a bit weird though, maybe more  voice actors will  be there in the future? Excited to see more though!
Whooaw an actual upload!
Had no idea smallbu and egoraptor were affiliated
Yeah this slaps imma need more
Oooh I can't wait.
It's so interesting to see Egoraptors comedy style voiced by more than just himself.
congratulations on the new project!! i really like it so far, & i'm excited to see where it goes!
I loved the pre-work ritual 💀
Watching this series made me realize how much I miss the Awesome Series
I’m gonna point it out but PLS DONT TAKE IT OUT but at 6:28 you can hear arin giggling in the background for a couple more seconds hahaha idk if it’s on purpose but i absolutely love it 😂
I loved the Mighty Officers screwing around with each other, that scene got me 😂
I hope the audio spiking so loud at certain points (when the bully shouts "DO YOU LIKE THE WAY POO TASTES!?" for example) was intentional, but either way it cracked me up for some reason.
Wow, that was a trip.
I loved it :) The part where the spandex dudes were just yelling fight moves had me dying
So cool an upload on my birthday!!!
I'm so glad Worthikids did the Title work. I hope to see their animation more everywhere.
This was all over the place, and I love it!!! It has the same energy as those old videos you made! Keep it up; might give this series a check-out.
This was a lot of fun!
well worth the wait, and well worth the watch!
There were too many things I liked about this to comment on just one, so I'll just say can't wait for more!
I like how the scene transitions sound like they're from Nickelodeon's Doug
I love you Arin, but that was messy
Well... Here is the keys to my soul. More now. Please , thank you.
Wow this story was amazing!
It was amazing!!!
This was so refreshing I'd definitely watch more
Congrats on an extremely charming pilot! You're all very talented and i enjoyed this. Thanks!
Invested with Slim Jim's jobs.
Aron finally uploaded 😌
I can't believe my eyes
This rocks.
Mighty.... Kiss??
I'm okay with this
Ya poo kisser!
🥕
That was intense. I LOVE IT.
I don't know what I just watched, that was a fever dream.... AND I LOVE IT
Looks like he got tired being compared to spooney
And I think I loved it
Quite confusing
That was absolutely insane and I love it
THAT WAS HILARIOUS
Carrot the GOAT
was impressed
This was fun
That was sheer chaos
That was the shit. Can't wait for good comments.
carrot is already a favourite of mine!
Oh no Arin got fired from game grumps! 😢
This was absolutely glorious and I'm so excited for more!!!
That was fun! I'd love to see more
Amazing
WHAT A CLIFFHANGER
That was....quite funny and fast paced.....I see potential.
Wtf ?
👏👏👏👏👏
I absolutely loved this!
This is lovely.
I loved watching this.
What happens in Disneyland, stays in Disneyland.
Finallyyyy
Let's go, I'm ready for this!!
I always knew keeping notifications on for Arin would be worth it regardless of how long it’s been since the last upload.
I love this
I'm looking forward for these promising VAs to get their career growth from this to voicing high profile work like Kira Buckland once was!
Having now watched this, I can see how Arin got Smallbu in on this. An excuse to draw buff himbos in power ranger suits
👹
Whoa what? Arin animated something.
This all happened to Arin
Lol. That's a solid babadook joke.
I missed you dude
This is most definitely something written by arin. It feels like an extended egoraptor sketch
When was his last cartoon? I feel like I was in my 20's.
3 years was worth the wait
I see Arin had to start posting on this Chanel again after they stopped letting him use the game grumps revenue on bongs and weed
waow 😳
how come the sound mixing is so bad?
Sir Reginald’s happy land is very Arin
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO *sits down and animates for 6 hours*
I swear, I always forget I'm subbed to the Egoraptor channel for years at a time. Then out of nowhere, BAM Kingdom Hearts livestream... and now BAM, new animation!
Is good! 👍
After 3 years Arin's finally back? Best early Christmas present ever!
I'm sure Barack Obama is very proud of Arin/Arnold for animating again
Wow it’s been 3 years I’m so fucking happy to see another upload like extremely happy
ITS BEEN 3 YEARS
Side project huh.
Takes me back to his newgrounds days
Yoooooo
Is this the Sonic the Hedgehog convention and fan meet up?
Only a brisk 3 year break, nothing much
SMALLBU! So excited to see the lineage of my beloved Baman Piderman carried on!
Didnt have this on my 2022 bingo sheet, def wont have it on my 2023 one either lol
Arin finally posting on his channel after 50 years
Holy shit hes back
What is this😮😮
Just leaving this comment here for the historians who document the return of Egoraptor.
@ me who also got tricked into thinking this was steam train 2
YouTube nostalgia at its finest
SHIT HOLY!! EGORAPTOR MADE A VIDEO?!?!!?
Youtubes been telling me to rebinge everything on Egoraptors channel, now I know why!
I'm here!
Egg
I was here for this.
I can't wait to watch this 200 times in the next eight years it takes for arin to post again.
Egofaptor has returned
Let’s gooooo
Nice to see an upload from this channel!
I'm gonna pre
Somebody tell Obamarulez98
Holy shit he’s uploading o.n this channel
Return of the king
Wait Arin animated again??
Holy shit Arin is producing an animated show?? Hell yes!
Welcome Back To YouTube, Egoraptor.
It's been 84 years....
10 THOUSAND YEARS
Holy shit? New egoraptor animation?!
THE FUCKING RETURN, it has been so long.  :') ah man welcome back, even though you were on Game Grumps that I enjoy.
oh cool arin’s back
My wee wee hurts
what is arin cooking
I miss when Arin did Game Grumps. Now all he does is make animations. :(
This is a fever dream right?
HE CAN ANIMATE!!!
HOLY SHIT EGORAPTOR IS MAKING NEW VIDEOS ON HIS YT CHANNEL AGAIN  Even though I am sad that this wasn't fully animated by him, I'm glad that he is uploading a new video on his channel after so many years
A video on egoraptor? This is not a drill lads, get the champagne!
let’s freaking GOOOOO
OMG Arin, SMALLBU and Worthikids on the same project!! ♥Is this a dream?
The Return of the King
Oooh!! I’m hype!!
Holy shit, it's been so long since I've seen an egoraptor animation.  edit: so while not exactly an egoraptor animation. It's awesome to see the animators of baman piderman
Oooo Music by Brian Wecht?? Love to see it!
egorapter
Arin remembered this channel existed, it's  a Christmas miracle!
Seeing this notif gave me a stroke
He may not have animated it, but he did create, write, produce, and voice in this, which is also amazing! So proud of you Arnold 👏🏽
this isn't the return of egoraptor, he isn't animating this. check the description for the credits. kinda hoped he'd actually animate but I like his voice acting so atleast we get that
Whaaaaat the shiiiiiit?  An update? What the shit? Golly!
Omg no way, what a nice surprise
3 years later
He’s finally coming back 4 years after those amazing music videos
You will never be Psychicpebbles, Arin.
He produced and voiced a bunch of characters! The joke about him not animating still lives!
I wonder if Arin takes after his Uncle Cecil (*the*  infamous Dr. Cecil H. H. Mills) in his ability to write 🤔
Here before 8M
Regardless of all the obvious jokes about you animating, I'm psyched, Arin! This looks great, I can't wait to see what you and your friends have created!  Edit: I was not disappointed. And now I have a crush on a woman with Arin's voice. god help me.
It's been 84 years...
OH!🎉🎉🎉
Hoping for maybe a TryFOURce, but happy to get new content.
I'm gonna miss the jokes about how Arin hasn't animated in 250 years
Unbelievably excited to see SmallBu show off their animating and Arin show off his skills as a writer! ❤️❤️ CAN'T WAIT!
The way my jaw dropped
I say this and thought that this was either a mistake or a troll. I hope to god this is real!
More awesome series
I'm glad that Arin's finally helping with another animation... just hoped that he would be animating tbh... Oh well.
WTF have you been doing for 3 years ??
See you all again in 3 years
: 0 u now posted..   He is worthy of the posty posty statue :00000
And they say passive agressive bullying does accomplish anything. Well read it and weep! The "I remember when Arin used to animate" movement finally paid off!
This Egorator guy should be on Guest Grumps
Oh look arin is back is was been 18 years but is here
Ain't no way
is it true, is he back
I wonder where Arin found the password
Let’s have it, Mister Raptor!!!
WOAH WHAT HES ANIMATING AGAIN
BRUH!!! HE'S BACK!!! YES!!!
OH MY GOD???
IT’S BEEN 10,000 YEARS! And this better have a teaser for the next Sequelitis!
Tamuld!  TAMULD!  EVERYBODY TAMULD
I missed you!!
This is a miracle
Is this a joke?
Ewaaaaaaaa?
Oh wow 🤩 I’m very excited for this 😀
YES, its been years
Yeah, baby! This is why I stayed subscribed all these years~ Havent seen it yet, but I always love seeing Arins art and animation. Can't wait to watch~
Arin, from one man who's put off his creative outlets to another, I just have to say, you steam a good ham.
Excuse me WHAT
he's finally back.
Holy shit an egoraptor animation??????
Well shit I have a lot more health problems now than I did the last time a video was made on this damn channel.
Egoraptor? Oh, that's the old channel that Arin from gamegrumps used to use. 🙄  I was a big fan back in the day, which I guess is a while back now.
Oh snap, Arin finally wants to do something other than talk about Poopy ass dicks over a sonic game with Dan.
Omfg yes
​3 years ... I've been waiting 3 years for something new ... FINALLY!
when will we see an animation of just arin.
Dude I was Literally looking at this channel yesterday thinking to myself "It's a shame Arin doesn't know the forgot Password button".
Wait…ARIN MAKES ANIMATIONS??
A new Egoraptor animation? What the hell
'This smells like fucking egoraptor!'
where is john
Damn, Has it been 5 years already??  How time flies....
Wait what Oh wait he didn't animate this, nvm
animation? on arins channel? awesome.
Ayo??? Egorapter??????
:D
wow, the credits alone has me giddy
Woah das cool, new egoraptor
It would be unfortunate if he didn't atleast have a small hand in animating this.
I’m in a state of shock seeing this
Wait whaaaaaaaa...
I think arin forgot to delete this channel for a while.
huh, color me pleasantly surprised.  lets see if he's still got the spark
It's been 3 years, welcome back.
You know that arin and dan are getting burnt out with game grumps when dan starts a new band and arin remembers the egoraptor password
Holy shit its been 8 years im so hyped
SMALLBU ANIMATION??? BLESS ARIN HANSON BLESS!!!!!!
happy to see you again.
Do nada kk
Yo he got the password back?
Ummm EXCUSE ME?
I don't understand why Arin stopped animating.  -Barrack Obama
omg animation from Arin Hansen???
Arin, if ya ever DO animate again, we'd love to see it. Just saying.
This is total adhd and im very invested
Let's goo its 2012 again!!
What a pleasant surprise.
Oh my lord no way
Welp, looks like it's the rapture.
HE'S BACK
He's alive  0
jumpscare warning arin geez
And some people had given up hope. If my experience with Mega Man 11's announcement has taught me anything, patience is the shield in a world of impatient swordsmen. That's a 'Raptor Pro-Tip for the masses, free on me.
WHAT YEAR IS IT!??
You're not an animator anymore. Stick to what you know. Being a shill and a hack. Seriously your work looks dated and awful now. Don't upload artwork again until you've spent a bit of time practicing and remembering the fundamentals.
AYO WHAT?! WHAT YEAR IS IT?!
Wow Smallbu is awesome!
It’s as beautiful as the day we lost it
HOLY F*CKING SHRUBBERY, THERE'S NO WAY THIS IS REAL!!
Pardon me, what?
No fuckin' way
The new Sequelitis lookin' strange.
Didn't know arin Hanson famous for game grumps animated??? Thats crazy!
Holy shitsnacks
Nice :)
Bro really forgot his password 💀
First (real) Egoraptor video in 8 and a half years?! LET’S GO!!
Yoooo, I never thought I'd see a notification from this channel since starbomb ended
Bro I’m finna nut! When I opened my subscription tab and saw a little blue dot next to his profile picture, my heart actually skipped a beat. I genuinely am very excited for this as I wasn’t able to experience Arin’s animation or any of this sort of content when he was popular on Newgrounds and early YouTube. I was like 7 at the time, but oh my god I’m so excited.
did he finally remember his passcode
did he finally remember his passcode
Awesome
Hopefully he remembers how to be funny. Game grumps has not only hurt his image, but his sense of humor as well
Why does a short animation need an entire team of directors, producers and other shit? So fucking corporate
YOOOOOOOO
Wait, you're an animator??
Gonna be interesting to see if Arin still knows how to write comedy after all these years
i know this on youtube but.... NEWGROUNDS ARIN ANIMATION BABY 😘😘😘😘
Now when is girl chan in paradise??
i just checked to see how long it’s been since he’s uploaded and oh shit, there’s a new video coming??
Was gonna be happy seeing that he animated again till i saw credits, still neat tho
I remember when Arin used to play video games.
I'm more pumped than Justin Timberlake!
Better be 4 hours long
what!
Dude...no way its egoraptor
When you see this premire in your subscription list: 😨
you WHAT
SHOOK- did he finally found the password??
SMALLBU IS ANIMATING THIS??
Holy shit that’s crazy to see Arin animate
WHAT
I can't believe it, I keep rubbing my eyes expecting this to dissappear. Is this real?
When did this happen?
Oh my GOSH I'm EXCITED. It's a christmas miracle! <3
It's been 84 years...
hype
4:56 god i wish that were me
She has a right hand on her left arm in the thumbnail c'mon bro
aint no way
I know it says in the desc that he didnt do the art or animation.. but its just so nice to see he’s uploading at all! Love you Arin thank you!
Wait what?!?! Oh boy am I excited
HOLY $#1+ YES!!!
Alright who held a gun to his head to make this happen?
After three God forsaken years of the channel basically being abandoned for one reason or another, he finally returns
No fucking way, I just started rewatching this channel to take me back after going through a drastic point in my adult life..  Can’t wait to witness the fuckery 🙏🏾🔥
Let's Gooooooooooooo
Randy Cunningham
“It’s been 84 years”
Mf decided to quit being lazy and get back into animation?
The reminder to do my annual watch of all other Egoraptor videos
I'm literally shaking and crying right now
SMALLBU ANIMATIONS??????????????
so many cool people involved in this!
I almost had a stroke when I saw this when I was scrolling through my subscription feed
Arin remembers how to animate what a world
Oh, he-hey! Awesomeness!
Nice Animation. Sure would be a shame if someone farted on it.
holy shid
Hello true believers
They called me a fool because of my hope. And yet... Here we are
An ego raptor cartoon in like forever? wow
McFuckin’ScuseMe?
:0
Omg, passwords have been found! Channels are alive!
Wow. I’m impressed that Arin came back to his own account! Idk why tho
Arin uploaded something to egoraptor. I’m so hyped for this to drop!!!!!!!!
Awesome! Matt Watson is back!
This is the best surprise ever.
Hypeee I thought I was dreaming at first 😱😱
Wow it really is Christmas!
So when can we expect Metal Gear Awesome 8 to come out?
Arin Animating is one of the signs of the apocalypse it has begun
"You know what I don't understand though is why he stopped animating" -Obama
I'm in awe that Arin knows and has worked with worthikids and hasn't like gone off about em on game grumps
Is Egoraptor actually back though?
3 who years since you made a video
3 years since a video landed on the channel 8 years since we got an animation that wasn't a collab and was mostly Arin
Wow who is this animated by?
Biggest channel comeback since Your Favorite Martian
I've been dying for scripted content
Lovelies:"Remember when Arin used to animate?"  Arin: Uploads an animation  Lovelies: "Remember when Arin used to play video games?"
Oh sweet lordies, he hath risen! 🙌 It's a Nondenominational miracle, Charlie Brown!
What is this, 2006?
Egoflaptor? Is it really you?
I miss when Egoraptor used to do lets plays
Who the hell is ego raptor
I’m so excited.
Arin finally uploads on his channel again and it's not even him animating it.
Hey I’m Grumps, And I’m not so Grumps,  And this is Animate-Grumps!
WHAT IS THIS?! AN EGORAPTOR ANIMATION!?!
I sure missed the days when Arin used to animate. - Dale Gribble
When the world needed him most, he delivered!
Anjali Bhimani?  Symmetra?
The King returns
It's been 3 years
WHAT
I can finally stop playing tetris!
Finished playing Buttcraft, I guess. ;)
First upload in three years I can't wait!
Are YOU kidding me?.... I've never turned on notifications for anything, but I might just do that for this
Wait... WHAT?! Egoraptor uploading a Video?!  *Shocked* *Realizing my heart hasn't beated in years.* 💀
??????????
He's still alive WTF
EYYYYYYY WE BACK BABEYYYYYYYYYY
Eyyyy Smallbu animated this one! Thats fucking awesome. Best animation power couple! 💜  Edit: Yoo and Worthi did the title!? Damn dream team working on this
What is this a cartoon?
It doesn't matter what its like, nothing will top lemon n bill
Now *this* is The Return of the King!
I’m sorry…WHAT?! Arin do the draw thing again!
Do you remember when Arin used to animate? Pepperidge Farm remembers
I'm sorry, what?
Wait he still does this?
THE LEGEND RETURNS.
Oh boy it's been a while, this is exciting
This guy is completely ripping off Egoraptor's style...
Oh wait, hold on. Do my eyes playing a trick on me Arin is uploading in the egoraptor channel? And is an ANIMATION?! this is the year of the lord! Jesus is coming back baby!
Woah, wasn’t expecting this
I get real nostalgic seeing this kind of classic art style again, after so long! :D
Legit one of the best Christmas presents for me so far this year.
as a gamer and artist, whatever your reasons for taking a break Arin, i get it.. as an artist i havent drawn in over a year and it was a much needed break.. maybe the passion is gone... but whatever the case may be, ppl always ask me to draw and its hard to tell them why i cant.. ive been drawing my whole life. sometimes we need a break. GLAD youre back though buddy. i expect brilliance no less! 😄
Took a double take when i saw the reminder, holy , it's happening, it's hapPENING
It doesn't have to be perfect man, you know that. Looking forward to seeing where your passion led you this time.
I'll stick around for the small-buteras
oh shit
Excuse me sir Christmas is in 11 days, I mean. I'm not complaining...
Art and Animation by SMALLBU  calm down nerds
NO FUCKING WAY AN EGORAPTER ANIMATION IN 2022?!?!
Egorapter uploading another animated video ever after a 3 year absence since the Tetris Rap is truly a big miracle on the Internet.
Waaaw itz been so long
The prophecy has been fulfilled!
The image made me think for a second this was from randy cunningham 9th grade ninja. 🤣
Holy shit
¡¡¡ ITS ALIVE !!!
Life is *good*
A video from... Egoraptor?....holy shit it has been SO long
Finally after ten thousand years...
Well color me excited
Holy shit?! Holy fucking shit!?  nice.
HOLY SHIT EGOFAPTOR
There's gonna be a lot of jokes about Arin finally doing animation again, and I will be one of them, but I just genuinely want to say thank you for the effort you put into this. And not just to Arin Hanson, but to everyone who took the time to add to this project.
I completely forgot I was subscribed to Egoraptor. That's how long it's been since he last made anything.
The voice credits tho
Just when you think this channel is dead, Arin decides to upload on it .
I've waited 4 No... 5 THOUSAND YEARS FOR THIS!!!
I couldnt be happier rn i think I'm gonna cry
Ngl , I think it's been like 3 years since I didn't check this channel, idk why I checked this at very moment and wow... I just had a feeling something was coming.
I’m sorry, WHAT?
Wow. I forgot that i was still subsribed. Been 3 year. Very surprise
It's been 3 years...
*MOOOMMM DADDDD Get in here it's Happening!!!!*
God Damn, even if Arin is not Animating any more, it is still surprising to see him upload once again. Can’t wait for the next one next year!
My god. Somebody consult the scrolls this was not foretold!  Quickly, gather the people, they must know of this!
Guys, I don't have proof, BUT...I think Game Gimps host Arnold Hussain might be Egoraptor.
Is this real
HOLY SHIT
WHAT? WHAT? WHAT? WHAT? WHAAAAAAAT?
My brain didn't process this was an Egoraptor video at first, had to do a double take
I KNEW I shouldn't have had that extra drink. Am I seeing this correctly?! HAS HE RETURNED?!
He felt guilty telling people he's an animator
Pardon me???
…What?
But it isn't April 1st? 🤯
What in the holy balls is happening?!?!?!
Please… sequalitis pleeease…
NO WAY !!!
Holy shit I never thought he would actually post again on his channel. I remember being a huge fan of It in highschool. Hopefully he’ll finally finish Girlchan in paradise.
👀
Arin finally remembered how to draw
Oh isn't that the video game boy?
The return of the king
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!! I've been waiting so long😭😭 Thank you YouTube gods for bestowing upon us this greatest of gifts!! Oh and Arin too😆
Wtf?! An animation in an animated channel??
Holy shit! It's Arnold! He's returned to make another prequelitis.
The king, HAS RETURNED
Christmas miracle !!!!!!!
SMALLBU OH MY GOSH-
OH MY GOD THIS IS AMAZING
UM- WHICH TIMELINE ARE WE IN-
interesting to see all the comments that didn't know he has been active on GameGrumps this whole time lol
Wait WHAT-
ALRIIGHT! Very excited!!
WHAT?
about time 😎
"Parental Controls: DISABLED"
* best christmas gift
Everyone: He's back! Me: Oh this dude actually alive?!?
This... this cant be right? what year is it?!?
Am I hallucinating? A new animation on egoraptor? With Arin Hansen as producer and provide some help writing with the main screen writer? A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one. :D
SEQUELITIS: Old Newgrounds cartoons vs. The 2022 return of EGORAPTOR
“Back from the brink Captain?”
I stopped watching game grumps 6 years ago
👀👀👀👀
Dude remembered this acc's passcode again.
IT'S A CHRISTMAS MIRACLE!!
a relic of the past
Holy shit. Best birthday gift a guy could ask for. He's back. Almost brings a tear to me eye.
Already can't wait I love your content big cat
Looks like Arin finally remembered the password for this channel
Sorry????
Hype!
Bro you alive!?
An egoraptor cartoon???
Two years later
A decade later.
EXCUSE ME?
Woah. Now this is epic!
Yo wat dis
