Hogwarts Legacy Deluxe Edition Giveaway: http://bit.ly/3DcL3UN ➡New Open World Gameplay NO COMMENTARY: https://youtu.be/8bFDWpnDBys ➡New Main Quest Gameplay NO COMMENTARY: https://youtu.be/v2VTPMoF1rY
I'm 6 hours in and still haven't gotten to the flying classes😑
How did you get that green cape??
if they didn't try to cater to people on decade old tech gaming could evolve
"The female preset face shapes are different than the males" No sht.
I wonder If one can turn off some marks for maps or these guide lines? Id really appreciate to have the option to find your own way and everything
Jus pre ordered...canny wait
The con I see so far is it looks like every dialogue is a cutscene, which breaks immersion.
Do we know more about the actual story at this point?
I'm going for story mode, only because I really just wanna chill and explore.
does your wand have different effects based on the type or stat boost
Мне очень понравился момент с обрушение моста в квесте с дракона , ведь если ты прогуливаю уроки и исследовал замок, то ты можешь не знать нужного заклинания для починки моста.
Imagine this turned into an mmorpg
Thank you for the video. Do you know if the game will have the moving stator cases?
Looks boring
"Female face shapes are different than male face shapes" FUCK YES!!!
My only gripe?      No quidditch :[
I have it in my hands and have played 4 hours. I ordered the deluxe edition from Electric Games and received it today. Its as amazing as we have all expected. I spent ages trying to pick my name lol
I have a feeling I’ll end up walking around the castle aimlessly for many hours
I use to religiously follow your AC playthroughs. The fact that youre so into this game really confirms me getting this game- looking forward to your material on this game man!!! Cheers!
Paid influence video
It’s not levioSo it is levioSa
Your voice is annoying Af, but thanks for the video I guess.
You say believe the hype but I’ve nothing but bad things
This game comes out 2 days before my 18th birthday
It looks like a PS3 game lol
Man hearing you say that the hype is real and confirming some things I wasn't sure about is just getting me more pumped for this game. Never been more excited for a videogame in my life. Thanks for the video!
Low key the enemy standing on the ledge made me lol, because I expected a simple “push” option
8:51 Petrificous Totalis does not kill people, it petrifies them and makes them immobile
If the game ends up sucking we can call it  ''Awkwards Legacy''.
I’m so glad they delayed this game    They’ve done wonders with this
Still hurt we can’t play quidditch I mean cmon … everyone wants to play quidditch
I'm 44, have seen the movies many times, read the books, played the old games, and this will bring all the fiction kind of to reality. Love it.
I hope the quidditch is a multiplayer game.
Gonna be making myself Frey from forspoken.
Nice review…. Thanks for sharing!
I made up my mind when I saw we can cast crucio and imperio.
Can I ride a wyvern or a dragon
I’m so excited I’m pretty sure I’m gonna cry when I launch the game on my ps5
Really tempted to get this game, looks good.
If they come out with a vr mod for this I'm all in.
I want to play as a female, but don't want to wear skirt. I hope they let me either wear pants or transmogrify some
Why are men so pervy that they absolutely need to be a female character to run around as even if theyre a literal child? Always?
Wish they went live service
HUGE detail here that I love: No prompt for using Repairo on the bridge. I absolutely despise how modern games treat their players like they're brain damaged and need their hands held CONSTANTLY. Every single action has a quicktime event or a prompt telling you precisely what to do. If Hogwarts Legacy does away with that and just says "no hand holding, figure it out bro" with all its puzzles and stuff, it's gonna be a must buy for me.
Ok I'm sold, definitely getting it. I just don't know if I should do it on ps5 or xbox series x
greetings ,just a quick question .Am i the only one who noticed that when flying on broom ....the hair is motionless ?? is that a thing or just lazy or to hard to code maybe ?
What a transphobe!
I want to know big is the castle itself?
I'm glad that you were honest about how it feels to change between the spells menu, because after unlocking most of them it's going to slow the action down a bit when you're forced to switch spells in combat, but I still can't wait to play it, that's a small issue right now
I don’t see anything special about this game.
Accio balls
it looks like a wonderful game! 🤗
Honestly it looks like a lot of fun and would prbly pique my interest if I had little or no familiarity with the IP. It's just a shame I don't feel comfortable with the idea of owning a copy, let alone spending money on it.
Can you craft potions?
60fps? this video 30fps?
Can we have two different saved games so we can be a male character and a female character? Also, for different houses?
I'm not a Harry Potter fan nor am j gonna play it but i'm glad microsoft finally has a good developed game.
let me guess the sport will be paid dlc you want it pay for it and the pc version will run like shit because fuck pc
All I wanna know did u go Voldemort on hogwarts ?
I'm making a Harry Potter look alike and going with Slytherin
Can’t wait for it 😊
GFX look kinda meh. Are they just using the ESO engine or something?
Is anyone else extremely exited for the HARD mode!?
I'm realy excited but the fact that they put in a crypto miner thats named Denovo in the game puts me off
Less hype than cyberpunk, same reaction
Got you so hyped  You changed you profile pic
01:10 SSSSSUUUUUUUUUIIIIIIIII
What do you think, if you can change the outfits of the colors of your female character? eg, dye your tights to look like nylons? (brown or beige)?
Be cool if the spells were voice activated  and if you say the spell wrong it could have a negative effect on the user. Like an alternate way to do spells as well as pushing buttons.
Ga alsjeblieft je accent fixen
I recon pretificus totalus should be a unforgivable curse instead of imperious be a unforgivable curse cuz imperious isn’t even that bad but I would absolutely hate it if I had petrificus totalus casted on me.
It has pay walls. I'm good
I got big balls so riding that broom is gonna be so uncomfortable..
Hmmm....when I look at the graphics im not that exited tbh. Seems not really state of the art, reminds me of the older Harry Potter PC games. But, I could be mistaking. Thx for the review but for now I pass
I'm so glad you're covering this game!  You got me through God of War and Horizon Zero Dawn with your in depth but simple tips and tricks.  Do yourself a favor if you're watching this and you're not subscribed...  Smash that like button and subscribe... This game is going to be huge and you're going to need all the help you can get to not miss anything.
Harry Potter is making being a nerd look cool
I could see quidditch as a DLC. It wouldn’t be required, but I could see it as a potential multiplayer expansion. You get into teams, you select roles, pick a team name, mascot, etc. I could see this having a lot of potential.
Not really a harry potter fan but the tiktoks made it seem like you could be a voldemort style dark wizard so I was vaguely interested. Sad to see that’s not the case.
Why do you hate Trans people?
i hope they do an online version like RDR2 or GTAV.  add a couple towns with events they can add to over the years, give it a 10 year life span.
I will gladly pay $70 for this game!!! 😊
Looks far from beautifull but beautifull from far. Generic, boring, too big and cash grab style. It's like modern movie industry; all about thé visuals but no real in depth engaging content. Not buying it.
Thanks for your preview, glad to have been informed. It's a shame but I'll be cancelling my preorder abs probably won't get the game unless it's in a deep sale. Oh well :/
You are not allowed to add smiles anymore since it might insult people that feel so miserable they feel offended by a smiling face in a character creator.  Could actually be true nowadays.
As a Harry Potter fan, I see that this game is praised like Cyberpunk 2077, even before it came out, even the channels that claim to have played it praised Cyberpunk very much at the time, and when it came out, it was a disaster. I hope that there are no fake comments in this game and that the bad comments about the game are not real, like the fact that there is only Hogwarts and other places are repetitive and feel empty.
You must hate trans people 🤪
The way capes move in the wind looks worse then the first Assassin's Creed game, from 2007.
Bro what is your 1st language
Is this a single player or whats is it about?
I have to wait till april because I have a ps4 but im still HYPED
I’m still curious like when i was a kid so i would try anything 😂
where I would have given up on. Thanks Brother
What a horrible game…..
Elden ring has more spells than this game 🤣🤣
Can u play this or we have to wait
I hope we'll not be able of using avada kedavra on anyone and anything and making game easy as hell
Is it going to be open world like will other people online be running around at the same time like gta
I'm getting this as soon as it comes out!
Thank you for choosing a female character! Most previews had males, so it was nice seeing a female character experience all these things :)
So excited to play!
I don't think I have been THIS excited about a game release. probably the only game where i will be a completionist.
Bertie Botts Every Flavor Beans
It would make sense to me that Quidditch would be one of the things they think "oh we can add that later and charge for it" But avalanche have learnt their lesson with microtransaction DLC from middleearth. thinking that if they do make dlc packs at this point, they will actually be worth it, much like the apology dlcs made for middle earth which were seperate single player storylines. I think if they added a fully fleshed out quidditch experience it would be worth the DLC natural payment.
I can't believe the hype, game is good but too short for money they ask. Not worth it.
100% getting this, 100% going to be a dark wizard if possible
i can’t wait, i trust your opinions plus i like magic! wooOoOoo
I will automatically kill ANY fairy's I encounter in this Game.. Hagwards Legacy put a bounty out on Them/ It / whatever.. 🤷🏻‍♂️
I already pre-ordered but gotta ask. Is the creatures portion worth it ? That's the entire reason I got it. I really hope we can tame ALOT of the creatures. At least one dragon to use as a mount and lastly maybe some smaller ones to keep In our base like monster hunter world did. Does it have at least one of these things ?
So much for transvestites' feelings
Ahh yes the "White" male Presets look like Lesbians, cheers for that.
OK this actually looks awesome.
what is this YouTuber's accent?
I carn’t wait to play
I appreciate you using the feminine character customization because I was having a hard time finding videos that did. It’s disappointing how flowing the capes are but when you’re flying the long hair is pretty stiff
Can you also fly over the high mountains or is that the limit of the Open World?
I take it you can complete assignments/missions whenever you feel like it? I'd prefer to explore for a few hours first...build up the talent points and book pages...before completing assignments etc. I def can't wait til Feb 7, it can't come fast enough; I wish I had pre-booked time off work.
For anyone who enjoys the movies or "Harry Potter in anyway,should enjoy this game. "Prisnor of Azkaban is my favorite "HP movie. Great video "JorRaptor 👍🏼
Meh. Tomorrow's chip paper
Hi,can we do our own wand or is it the same one for everyone?
I'd like to know the budget for this game
Do you know if we can choose/customize our wand? I hear there's some linking with Pottermore or something but if you don't have that, are you stuck with a default model wand or something?
It would be nice if we could become death eaters
This is going to be a masterpiece ! Thank you to the game developers you guys did a great job !
What you doing? Oh just minding my Hogwarts Business 🤣🤣🤣
Hope its ok on xbox one (it defo wont be) 😢
Not even a Harry Potter massive fan but I may even buy this
I'm a PS5 player. Is this a Beta or Demo before the full game release?
Ben jij Nederlands vanwege je accent
nice vid a question pls if i buy the standard version i can use the avada cadavra or crucio spells or its only for deluxe edition?
As always, thanks for your overview. This has been on my "must-play" list for some time (as it is for many HP fans) and I am counting down the days. So excited. And the Repairo thing was a really nice touch, as well as the whispering dialogue (yay for big production budgets!).
does this not sound like kwebellkop to anyone?? or just me
Of course you prop up EVERY game. Even craps like Valhalla. You get paid for it tool...
You have effectively assuaged nearly all my fears for this game. Thank you.
is this pc footage?
This game looks so good you know even the crazy trans activists will be playing it in secret lmao
is there different benefits for different houses? like exclusive spells?
I usually never pre order games, but seein all the amazing reactions and gameplay that has come out not to mention the developers who have to deal with worrying abaout the boycott stuff today i pre ordered the deluxe edition on series x. Im looking forward to running araound hogwarts again. The last HP game i played was Azkaban on PS2 man that was a great open world.
Can't wait to play this
Haven't saved enough money yet but I hope to buy it 😢
Good to hear your reviews on this game!  Followed you quite a bit on Valhalla, looking forward to this release.
Its disappointing to see this game being hyped up. The creator of harry potter, JK rowling, is extremly transphobic and antisemetic.
It’s not leviosooooo it’s leviosaaaa
A little nervous for how Grey the world looks
thank you for choosing to look at the female options in character creator! all other videos i've watched they only choose male which seems very exclusive
Any word on how the protagonist gets referred to by other characters? Obviously calling them by name isn't possible, so are they given some kind of nickname? Been a point of curiosity for me for some time, as depending on how they handle it could determine how natural certain dialogue feels.
Please please tell me i can put red eyes in the character creation??
If you like to fly around in a broom and flicking and swishing the shit out of your wand then this is for you.
Hopefully I'm off work Feb 7 as I'll pick my deluxe edition at GameStop the night before going to be so asswome
Thanks jordan cant chuffing wait for this game
I hate the color palette. I really wish they change it to look more like the movies. These are way too cartoony and soft textures and colors. OMFG WHY DOES EVERY STUDIO HAVE TO MAKE ITS GAME LOOK LIKE FORTNITE??????????????????????? It's like they want it to appeal to 5-year-olds. Harry potter 5&6 video games had better color design being more movie-like. I want to relive in the magic world of the books in the appearance of the movies not in the appearance of Fortnite. They have somehow managed to make it look like Fortnite but with washed out colors. The appearance doesn't seem super magical like the books or movies. It looks like a typical fantasy world as the likes of God of War but with harry potter mechanics. If you replace your character with the character of Kratos and his axe, I'm sure you will not find the environment in odds with your character. It doesn't have the breathtaking 'magical' atmosphere you expect it to (even the very old games had a bit of it). I'm being super critical because how many times in every 10 years do we get a HP game? And to hell with the boycotters. I'm a fan.
The friggin' insane system requirements for Hogwarts Legacy, that's the REAL controversy.
Did i just hear him say "and you can explore hockwarts"
Is the patronus spell in the game?
I’m so damn ready to nerd out!
How about perfomance?
I promised myself no preorder after cyberpunk, but I. CANT.RESIST.
how were you able to get early access to the game?
what a difference seeing someone sugarcoating a pretty meh game and pretending shit to be there thats not. very different to watching an actual  gameplay review from hogwarts legacy that doesnt cut gameplay clips short so u dont realize its only fake .........   game is beautiful but pretty meh and underwhelming. story might be good tho who knows but thats not what the game should have been about anyways. open world is a big fat lie for sure to say the least. another "MAKE IT OPEN WORLD" for the sake of it game and then its a completely dead world. well still better than forspoken i guess x)))
From a gamer perspective it’s just your average run of the mill action RPG but the fact that it’s in the wizarding world. Something we’ve never gotten before Bumps it up tenfold for me.
God I'm so excited
I know they will go all out on the dlc shit going to be lit 🔥 😅
Can’t wait to explore!
What are you show us it looing promising to be a good game but we will see at premiere with day one patch , my hype hitting a roof already
My favorite part is how you can't swim
Idk. It's harry potter so its already lame. Reviewers lie. Fans have little concept of 'bias'. I'm still skeptical
I’m a little disappointed that you can’t dive under water but other than that I’m hyped 💚💚
Wand creator or section?
I haven't been this excited for a game for a LONG time. The Harry Potter franchise has always been dear to me and I vividly remember playing all the previous games and hoping for a true open world experience and here we are...
JorRaptor, how was the graphics? For me it's good on the character but not on the surroundings and stuffs after watching the trailer.
Can't wait to do a playthrough guys it's been a long time since the deathly Hallows part 1 and 2
So do you have to like Harry Potter books for this to be likable?  Seems kinda kid like from what I seen briefly
nothing takes you out the moment more than when you're trying to sneak and a NPC follower shouts "ENEMY OVER THERE" when your behind one and the enemy doesn't respond.
Just remember, everyone LOVED their 5 hour preview of Cyberpunk. Don't EVER believe the hype. Wait for reviews from trusted people i.e. not IGN.
I really hope this game will get a implemented mod system, so ambitious people can create their own quests/spells/enemies etc.   I’m sure some guy will create the original HP experience and remaking moments shown in movies.
Looks like the dream Harry Potter game everyone is excited about, i wonder if there is an option to have the hood up, same as on the game cover art, and also wonder if we are able to sheath the wand so we dont have to constantly run around with it out. I'm super excited for this game!!!
Голос неприятный, как с листка читает. Без выражения и не интересно
I wish this had came out when I was younger playing games just ain't the same when you're 30
I’m so excited for the 7th!!!! This has been too long coming but good god I haven’t been this excited in a long time. It’s like it’s own little holiday for me 🎉
I have a question !! Does your character say the spell when you do them in combat?
Imagine a battle royal at hogwarts using spells
That is cool
Please someone test this on 8 gig RAM. Nonetheless, i should be able to launch it and play around 30 FPS on my GTX 1650.
I like that they added an easy mode for players that just want to chill and explore.  I know there's story mode, but I don't want it too easy lol.
are they still charging us extra to get the full game? like deluxe vs standard edition with standard not getting the same content apart from cosmetics as the deluxe?
This just feels like the most shilled of videos. No real opinion behind these thoughts.
Small problems are are hair physics and your character stays dry after exiting the water
NOT WORTH IT TO BUY, NEED MORE IMMERSIVE, LIKE IMMERSIVE INTERACTIONS, IMMERSIVE EATING, SLEEPING, ETC. AND DISSAPOINTED THAT YOU CAN'T ATTACK OTHER NPC WHILE ROAMING. AND LOOTING THEIR ITEMS.
The graphics are not consistently beautiful, specially outdoors. Anyway i am still gonna get this for sure.
After the disappointment that is Forspoken, we needed this.
So freaking excited
Soo, 0:11 ... Students play something similar to Tennis, using what looks like Quidditch gear, but there is no Quidditch in  the game. Subtle.
i'm so excited for this
Jeez they got more options then cyberpunk
As someone who has never read or seen any of the films, but digs some rpg games, would you recommend this to complete newcomers?
I'm pretty sure you were not allowed to show the spells though lol...
Omg look at all the spells we haven’t seen!
The spell menu isn’t supposed to be posted dude lol it’s in the NDA 😂
Is it online?
Do you know if the spell expecto patronum will be or is in the game?
I absolutely love that green dragon, we haven't seen that dragon yet in any of the trailers or showcases!
there  is stealth in this game?! oh boy
I just hope ''hard'' difficulty is actually challenging in this game. I haven't heard anyone talk about the difficulty levels and differences.
it's hilarious that a full combo meter allows you to turn an enemy into a chicken xD
Well i have xbox series X  i have to  wait until April .  If i win that free deluxe code of the game.  :(
Now I know why the Twitter are trying their best to cancel this game cuz they know it is good and better than Forspoken. Thanks for this it makes me realize that the hype is real.
Does pre ordering the deluxe disc version still let me get it February 7th? Or is that digital only?
It's almost time bois...and gals
Hermione: "It's leviOsa, not levioSO" 😂 6:39
Im  glad people are enjoying this so far because its just not my type of game. I think its the whole Harry Potter and swinging the wand thing I never could seem to get into the movies but Im definitely not a hater im glad people like Im buying for my son's ps5 i hoping he will enjoy it.
It has saints row 2 level character creation which isn’t bad but isn’t good like come one it’s the same thing with better graphics outdated even sr2 had multiple voices but again let’s make games without the budget or skill to do the actual things you and others wanted fans are delusional especially when the go off and make a video game
Amelia is the female voice?!? I loved her youtube videos!!! gues I´ll be a G.I.R.L.
Are you able to be evil? Can you use the curse spells on students and teachers? I want to make voldemort look like a saint.
Didn't think I'd preorder a game again, but I'm glad I was wrong!
Can we use the patronus charm? Or maybe become an animagus?  You know this game is gonna get some dlc.
Looks great! Hopefully there's a lot of after game content and a bunch of DLC!
This looks so sick
My expectation "This game worth to win goty 2023" On TGA while Starfield hopefully win goty 2023 on DICE
I'm gonna spend a very unnecessary amount of time flying around the quidditch pitch
Solid game with in-depth details but boring and slow. Should have had optional solo or cooperative focused pve.
I hope the PC version will be well optimised. God, please, not another Gotham Knights optimisations-like game
I'll still remain cautiously optimistic, cyber punk also got reviewer copies. However reviewer opinions and public opinion differ at times.
Im so excited for this! Thanks for hyping me up even more 😊
Shame all those "protesters" won't be buying this game 🤣 Their loss.
Damn is the pinned comment gone 😅
3 days before the 10th means the 6th at midnight (at the end of the day so basically the 7th?)
I see a lot of quidditch uniforms.  I hope we can wear on in the game
amazing …. i might get this to hold me over till SP2!
I hope the combat is fun
me a stealth player... humm yess yess yeeesssssss MUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
🪄🧙🏾‍♂️it’s almost timeeee and slythrin I go
Return to the quest... 😒
Imagine the hype they can give forspoken. A new game that did something different. But you have a wand and ride a broom and it’s a success.
interesting WB does not mind that you showed the full list of spells in the game?  other influencers were not allowed to showing the menu
I really don't like Disillusionment. Too OP. Seriously. It needs to be nerfed.
When I heard the controls for changing spell wheels a few days ago I had this exact worry. Maybe the d-pad is used for other things when not hiding R2. But hopefully  it's changeable. Or buy a dual sense pro for half the price of a ps5 and have back paddles 😂
I preordered from Amazon, the deluxe version and it tells me that it will be delivered by March 14. Is that just a mistake on their part?
I noticed that some of the wands wielded by npcs look different! Hopefully our wand will be unique with each playthrough. P.S. That ivory/bone wand at 5:49 looks so freaking cool!!
I can't wait to buy this game👍😊👍
You can’t play fucking quidditch the fuck oh naw
I can already tell this is the type of game that I'm going to immediately start a new playthrough right after finishing and play it completely different the second or third time. Maybe do a harry potter "good wizard" the first playthrough, second time I'll be tom riddles inspiration, third time maybe I'll just be some strange hufflepuff master of beasts & herbology lol.. so pumped
Is there romance options in Hogwarts legacy ?
Where's the pinned coment for the giveaway though?
when i get it on Steam          is it like Darkouls/eldenring better on Controller or Mouse keyboard?
It would be cool if you're a gryffindor and you were able to learn sword dueling like Godrick... help break the monotony of ranged spells.
All the haters are quietly wondering if they are beginning to get excited.
I want to hear a perspective from a person that don't know anything about Harry Potter. The game looks fun but I don't want to be lost
Oh no, return to the quest area. What about gathering items then? Don't take a quest?
The thing is, will this game have mileage? I’m a huge Harry Potter fan and I reread the books every single year. So I’m REALLY looking forward to playing this on the 7th, but will be future DLC? more missions? Wizards chess mini games? Can this game last five years with constant DLC or last five years of constant reruns. Way to think of it, will it last as long as Skyrim
Hartelijk bedankt, Jor!
You can do mini games but you can’t play wizards chess or gobstones like the old games you could??? Maaaaaan. Need this for dlc
So keen for the exploration component of this game. Wanted to run around a beautiful open world Hogwarts for years.
FIrst off thanks for uploading in high res! Normally ppl restric to 1080p. Second so Levioso not Hermoine style Leviosáh :). Third i am happy you got excited by the game! Third do you have some sort of NDA? Or can you go full in on telling everything about your game experience? If no there is no NDA then in the q and a i am curious how much of the castle you found to be explorabel. Is it as big and spacious in the avalable exploartion as one might imagine. Sort of your sense of how much you could explore the school it self. If yes you have an NDA  what is its extent? Thanks for this upload i wish you well in your content creation especially around HL.
ngl the mini games look boring. weapon wheel on pc will be unfortunate.
Hope this game have a new game plus
Can kids play this game or it’s only for 60 +
No pinned comment?
Omg!!!! It a game I've being waiting for for 20 years, but I wonder how does the graphic say if you play on pc??..  But really I can't wait for the deluxe edition release date.!! Gonna play live!!!! ❤️
It looks like I can have a sigh of relief that this game is going to be good once it comes out. Hopefully the game does well when it comes out.
Is this game coming out for ps4?
what about system reqquirement
I thought this was an open world game...what's up with that Quest area warning there?
*SpongeBob voice* "I NEEEEEED IT!!!!!
Great vid
Return to the Quest Area? What the hell was that and what happens if you don't?
I am a little disappointed that it’s not more of a “Hogwarts simulator” as people have called it. Like I do wish that there were classes that you attended every day, kind of like Bully. Still though, it looks good, and I remain skeptically optimistic for this.
Ok so I don’t get my version until July 25th! For all those getting it before me, please do not spoil the game, until I can play mine! I do not want to mass block people but I will if I have to
How did it run on the ps5 ? Is there a 120hz option ? Pre-ordered the deluxe edition so bring on the 7th!!
An important question, can you sit down and enjoy the ambiance in the game?
Its pronounced leviosAAAAAAAH.
Can you actually attend any classes out of story mode?
Willingness to show raw gameplay early is pretty much one of the deciding factors whether a game is going to be good or not. Look at Forspoken; the game was a flop and they refused to give anybody review codes even!
Thanks for the video Jor! It definitely looks like it's shaping up to be one of the best games this year! :)
I've never been interested in harry potter but magic and flying has my attention...
is there an amount of items you are able to carry?
I think that there is a line between hand holding and reasonable direction. Considering the apparent size of the map, having the trail to follow is probably a good thing, but it still clearly has elements where you have to use your brain and pay attention to succeed.
seriously wtf are those graphics?
Can you pick a pale white skin tone?
I see i hear a difference in video over your forspoken video a good difference. How the dailouge with other characters?
This might be the first time I splurge on a collector’s edition of a game. Super excited.
WOW, the sound design at 9:26 was really good! I am so excited for this game :)
I can't wait to get this game to be an evil Hufflepuff
Common game journo/Twitter baby L
I don’t know if I want  This game for ps5 or xSX. Which should I get?
Cannot wait to see the Slytherin common room
Glad they delayed it. It seems like they put some good love into the game. It was not on my radar but now I am waiting eagerly for it.
My question is can you put your hood up in game cause all these cool robes I wanna have my hood up??
Level 90?
Slytherin here I come
Omg that cloak at the beginning is GORGEOUS 🥹🥹
Let’s gooo. Overly joyed for this game. Just pre ordered delux
I can’t wait for this man as big Harry Potter fan I’ve been waiting years for a game like this were we create our own student
Thank you for playing a female!  I was hoping to see how they were portrayed.
Does the game have a photo mode
That was definitely a big tease!
I played it. Really impressed with the game.
Yeah, this solidified my Deluxe Edition pre-order.
is there swimming or not
WogWarts Wegacy
I wonder if we run into any muggle born students or if we can get into the chamber of secrets
How do we enter to win the copy of the game
Fuck it, im gonna pre-order it on ps4. And if you guys think that's not a good idea then pls let me know
Thank you for not being awful at combat like in the IGN video
There's no way they won't do quidditch as a dlc I will buy that the moment it's available, they have the stadium and the flying already just make it a dlc game mode with a quest line in a perfect world you can play the quidditch world cup series id be happy with just being able to play games in that one stadium alone !!!
Looks like PS3
the fact they let people try it out this early is a good sign
Shame the first footage is of NPCs playing Quidditch... yet we cannot. Still super hyped for this game, even if it's incredibly short for a Single-Player RPG
I really don't care if u ever answer a q ever again I must know about the stairs
did some of the staircases move
it's annoying me the house logo in the top left corner of the screen is just blue and doesn't change w what house ur in
Hey @JorRaptor, does your character automatically draw and sheathe their wand or can you do it manually too? Like drawing/sheathing swords in Witcher 3 for example.
quidditch dlc needs to happen
Wow, Conan age of sorcery chapter 3 looks good!.
Great preview! It's amazing how we all played the same 2 hours and came away with different experiences! Love some of the things you noticed and pointed out here.
Looks great but I remember cyberpunk having previews too where people played the game and raved about how great it was.
I hope you can call people mud bloods and watch them run away crying
W0ke: this game is too violent  GTA: am I a joke to you?
I just hope it gets to April 4th and i get my CE for my ps4 pro and not have the game be canceled last min for my console. Im praying for a "gone gold" announcement asap in the next 6 to 7 weeks or so.🙏😔
Even if we won't be able to change the way on how to swap between Spell-Wheels, i think we'll most likely get used to it during the game, it's always hard and confusing to be thrown into a late game build and be expected to be a master from the get go. I somewhat had the same issue in Forspoken with the Demo, i didn't like it then, but now since i'm playing the complete game start to finish i really like the game.
YOU CAN WALK ON THE DAMN QUDDITCH PITCH AND NOT PLAY?? I will riot
How do you win the deluxe edition?
I hate how games in the last decade or so, are so grey, like playing in fog. So lack luster in color and clarity, so bland looking.
O' No!!!! He played it on a console!!!!  Such disrespect to a Great Game!!!! -THE PC MASTER RACE.
1. What about fashion/transmog/glamour, is that in the game? 2. Does your character actually talk or is it just a voice for when yu attack roll etc. like Link? 3. If you played it on PS5 how was the haptic feedback?  The bridge did give a prompt it lit up after you destroyed it.
Did you play on PC? Im worried that the PC port will be all glitchy and unplayable like cyber punk. I’m waiting to pre order specifically for that reason, if it’s all good then hopefully i can still pre order a few days before it releases.
Maybe the Quidditch World Cup will be a future expansion to the game.
Swimming??? Did you go into the water at all???
hey how do you start the early acess? i got the deluxe edition
There goes argument of all those people who were complaining that ai students were just standing around doing nothing.
10:19what do you mean it didn't tell you to? it had a quest marker right there. Are games just made for retards these days where if it doesn't literally say "use reparo" then that's impressive?
Quick question how many youtubers did you see because i would love searching there gameplay to
Is this like over 1000 hour game?
Already preordered for PS5 so I’m glad that it’ll be worth it
My pumped need to buy 3 copy both my kids are alll over it will be fun 👊😎💯💯for us
Where is the pinned comment?
Omg the idle characters….they’re looking at us…omg!
I knew this was going to be good.
This does sound really cool! I am pretty excited for this!…
Can you play this game compleetly ofline? And without a internet conection  I still don,t know because i heard you cant at some point.
is this guy @nathie too for vr i swear
Not sure if i missed it because i was hyped so much but you said you had some critique points but i didnt hear them beside having to hold the R2 to switch the spells (i think ive read there is an option in settings to make it hold/toggle but im not sure if it was this). I would like to hear more critique/cons about the game, if there are any 😆
Omg I wish I was you 🫣this game look Soo fun
Question is can we play wizard crackers?
After watching multiple gameplays, my hype for Hogwarts Legacy has kind of died.  A few things seem to be wrong for the game to be successful.  For instance, graphically, there is a lot of pop up textures that load once you get near, but too late, so you just see them pop in front of you. This also extends to NPCs, which breaks immersion and just looks bad.  The colors and shadows look bad inside the school. For example, in the scene with Lucan Brattleby, where you enter the duel club, every time the camera switches from the main character to Lucan, the lighting is different. Sometimes dark, sometimes lighter and its very noticeable. Furthermore, the lip syncing is just off in all scenes.  But what looks worse to me is the fact that the world feels dead. There is nothing to do. You literally only have scripted interactions with very limited NPCs and the missions. I wonder what will happen after you finish the main story or in between missions when you‘re just roaming around. There are basically nothing to do, apart from riding your broom. Maybe we haven‘t seen everything they have to offer, which is probably true, but this wasn‘t a very good first looking.  Inside Hogwarts looks very dull. School is all about interacting randomly with other people, and this rarely happens in the game. You could literally do the craziest thing in front of a student and you won‘t get a reaction, like in the side quest where you take the butterfly back to the mirror. You‘re litarlly walking around with a butterfly flying around your wand and no one even cares. I get it everyone does magic there, but at least a look or a quick word to let you know people see what you do would be nice.    So yeah, I was thinking of pre-ordering but I guess I‘ll let the game be out for a while and hope they add stuff to do, other than the main missions.
This gonna be my new addictive game, I can't wait to play it 😀
I’m excited for this game , just WISH they added a online coop option. That would be perfect!!!!
Weird question but does anyone know if you can stow your wand away? It looks like you always have your wand out.
Booked 3 weeks off for this 😊
Things like not being able to leave Poppy without failing the mission and having to interact with things are both more than fine IMO. Like, it's a videogame. The game has to go "Where tf are you going, the mission is this way bro." And that's fine.
can you turn off the white highlight lines off on the enemies in the settings ??
Now I'm afraid its going to play like a Ubisoft game
Looks like the BioGender of the character is chosen through presets like Pokémon scarlet and Violet.
I wonder what gliches I can exploit in this game. 🤔 hehe
Havent been this hype for a game in years
Wizard Boy from Goblin Slayer is getting made
omg I can't wait for this game ❤❤❤
You got to level 20 in 2 hours?
Typical paid reviews, I got to play hogwarts but on the condition I say it's good, it looks very last gen and dated, flying looks so stiff and boring, it looks terrible
Kind of wish I sprung for the deluxe edition, but can’t wait for my preorder to arrive.
It’s going to be a good one, I properly cannot wait to get my hands on this game!!! Hope the Chamber of Secrets and Quidditch are lined up for full on DLC 🤞
How evil can you be in the game and  will it change things
Infirmary: "Why are so many students coming in burned and crippled?" Suspicious Fifth Year: "It's a total mystery."
THE QUIDDITCH PITCH 😍
One gripe that will take me away from the emersion is if charactors do the same thing constantly all day and night. One water a plant from the morning till til the next morning. I hate that, days gone was terrible for it you had charactors doing an assault course for ever...pr someone chopping wood at midnight
They probably left Quidditch to be added by the Modders lol.
When do you get early access?
Where's the link for the giveaway
I wanna enter the giveaway but can't find the pinned comment.
Bro come on you said the same shit about Gotham knights and claimed it was amazing 😂only to find out it ran at 17-20 fps 😂 this is on the same engine design it’ll run just as poorly
My only complain for what I've seen all day with these previews is that bodies disappear, it's minor but it breaks immersion for me hehe, other than that, can't fucking wait.
System look like AC Valhalla I'm gonna like this game
Am I tripping or is there no like button?
If they haven’t put wizards chess in the game that is a SERIOUS over-site 😂
Accio, Balls!
Most important question, are there hooded robes??
Thanks Jor, I've been on the fence about this one but think I'm now going to get it, looks like it's my kinda jam.
Amazing work incredible
How many spells in total?
Pre-ordered the deluxe edition
Will it be worse on the Series S? It already looks and performs horribly on the PS5...Not happy!
Magic vs Magic: Hogwarts vs Forspoken: Wizard vs Sorcerer
Of course you play a female bro😐
Hey Jordan, how are you! Great Preview with lots of information. I really liked the video. I just have one question after seeing various reviews and previews that surfaced today: how does the game perform? I'm not sure if you said that, or anyone said that in the videos I've seen so far.. How's the framerate? Were you able to play at a steady 60 fps mode? I would really appreciate this answer! Thank you!
Thank you for delivering a review that's actually about the game rather than something completely unrelated
Wonder how it'll run on my 5600 and rx 6600, that's why I ain't pre ordered it, waiting for performance vids first
For years I hve thought you & Khazegaming were the same cause y’all sound exactly the same🤦🏼‍♂️🤦🏼‍♂️. But thank u I can’t wait for this game😌👏🏽
All say what but we all get play two hour then lunch going crash because have test on one thousand people and alot pay this game just few tell was okay not good enough come you play would us our thoughts on it I don't believe this video this not tell me truth untill get play this game for two hours like all us should have the right play like old days of demo that I new this game video don't convince me at all or enything I'm tell I pay for this so fine if ture that shit or good for  one get do early is not doing for untill any of us get touch this game going panic over untill my heart stop test this game trust me if don't with crash on 7th of February and everyone probably want there money back
Feb 7 feels like a year from now. I cant wait any longer
Omg SKYRIM VIBES
Is diagon alley in the game???????
Oh god that dragon is HUGE i love him already i will do anything to save him
what about photomode?
7 February can't come soon enough
Can you put away and take out your wand at any given time?
I saw on deluxe edition promotion screen our main character wearing dark arts outfit with hood up. Can we do it too?
This looks like a well crafted RPG set in the Harry Potter universe. Glad I preordered can’t wait to play!
Hardest difficulty is hard? that's disappointing. Wish there was something like the witcher 3 death march like difficulty
i really really hope it won't be a flop like Forspoken adn i wanted to ask does our character got a voice or he/she doesn't talk?
I know not going lisson to but everyone should play two hour of hogwarts legacy before it get go heard this was test is not going be able handle all of playstation or xbox or PC on 7th it probably not work need test it on all platform I do what take risk of not working properly on lunch 🤔 🙄 🤷 😐 😒 😕 🤔
my mind at 5:25: "Luna" 🥰🥰
Looks pretty good, I will be live streaming it on my YouTube channel, come check it out.
Really cool! But yes like you said, they should change the way to switch between the spell-wheels, don't know why they decided to use R2+button to change between them. But great vid!
You didn't tell us, whether the invisible spell have a time limit. If there isn't any, this might be bad and ruin the balance of the game.
Can I wait for hogwarts legacy. I know that this is going to be a great game.
Deluxe edition, here I come!
can u find new wands
I cant wait for Nexus Mods to get there hands on this game!
Character shadows look really poor quality and just off.  It’s really distracting also the lighting looks really last gen especially outside of main areas.  Close up textures are not detailed either based on what you have shown.   The characters just don’t look properly grounded in the world partially because of the lighting.   It’s certainly no Witcher 3 when it comes to visuals or texture quality  This just looks like another disappointing overhyped game outside of the novelty of exploring Hogwarts in more detail than on 360.   I just can’t see it holding up when it has none of the famous characters people know and love  in the world.
looks amazing!
Is the 60fps mode on ps5 1080p or 1440p? Really wanting to know that the sacrifice for 60fps is
it's leviosa not levioso
Can you speak at all on the effects on the ps5 controller? Haptics/rumble or anything?
HOW ARE PEOPLE PLAYING THIS EARLY?!
This video is the best news I have received in a while 😂
bro im so hyped for this game, got dead space in a day basically and then this!!! we gonna eat good these next few weeks
can I have each eye a different colour? and can you change your hair during the game or is your look set in stone?
Can you mount a dragon? Can you swim and/or dive underwater?
This will be my Bully 2.  What about the classes? How do they work?
Is there photo mode ?
Showing so much gameplay this early and especially raw gameplay shows how confident the developers are about this game
the game looks amazing!!!
This could be the biggest studio flip as far as videogames go with production quality. I'm sure they will get a lot of attention and be held at high praise only to be pressured into rushing out something bad in the near future, that's my prediction, though if they know what's good for them they will expand on this title and add additional features and content. That's not to say the game doesn't already look impressive because it definitely does and I'm sure they put a lot of care into it.
Ima have to play as a female cause I'm not gonna listen to that sabation actors ungrateful mouth through the whole game he a P  word cause he apologie for having a job and i mean that in a nice way and I can't wait to play this game and thanks J for making this video your one of the best yourubers out there
I've been a Gryffindor my whole life, until life changed me into a Slytherin 😂😂
No quidditch? 😞
I was cautiously optimistic before but now I’m getting hyped. As always great job with all of the new information.
the door opening animation could need some work tho
Does the sorting hat pick for you or can you pick your house?
I wish we could become a vilain 😂
The hype is real!!!!!!!!! Jor thanks for sharing. Feb 10 can’t get here faster!!
I don't see a link anywhere for the contest.
Thank you bro. Also Petricus Totalus DOES NOT kill, it is a body binding spell. Killing curse is Avada Kadavra.
I'm so excited for this
I haven’t been this excited since Halo 3. I’m on anxiety attack level of hyped.
I wasnt in doubt before but now there are no way around it  Im gonna buy the deluxe edition next month 😍🔥
I'm not seeing any high ponytails for the female character, or any braided hairstyles? Why? They are so common lol
Perfect game for me!!! 🎉🎉👍🏻👍🏻
But why does that woman face looks like a man?
I’ve heard multiple times all pre orders get the thestral, can anyone confirm or deny this? Edit: think I’m gonna start with a slytherin play through, wanna learn the unforgivable curses for sure…
The cape you’re wearing is so beautiful!!!
fps drop?
I’m speechless
Sold! Thank U Jor.
DRAGON FIGHTS!!!
He repaired the broken bridge….thats all I’m gonna say
Looks 1000% times better than Forspoken.
the broom flying looks terrible to me, its so static, your character should lean to the side when you turn and stuff, its just a static model, it really really looks off and looks like it should be in a much older or much lower budget game
I would like to be in the giveaway but I don't see the link for it
That radius you need to stay in for quests is not my favorite design choice
Hi, did you pick up any loot for wands? How did wand customization work? Can you even have different looks for wands? Do they have stats?
7:09 did you cast that fire tornado????
I am personally very excited
Nah, last time I “believed the hype” I spent $60 on Elden Ring and didn’t enjoy any of it despite trying me best to do so. I went back to Sekiro and Nioh to fill that itch.   Not saying this games gonna be bad (the opposite actually) but I’m just done believing what others say.
the way you say books is funny. But nice gameplay touch!!
It looks amazing, the game I have always wanted as a kid.
Is it only me or do most of the male characters look like Tom Holland?
subbing commenting and liking all creators support this game.  Lets gooooo
Love your content and your positive descriptions of all the new games. Very thorough explanations and walkthrough s of the games you cover have kept me interested in games where I would have given up on. Thanks Brother
Damn cant wait
Wow. Thanks for sharing this. I got one question. Did u get to try and explore the open world and are there enough enemies to keep u occupied? Maybe its just me but it seems abit lacking enemies from the ingame materials ive seen. And I hope those moments with the poppy mission that forced u to stay linear on the mission is only limited and not dominate in the game bacause I like free exploring :)
To destroy a bridge then be able to repair it without the game telling you is brilliant. Seems the player really needs to know the spells learnt. That Disillutionment Charm though seems really OP and game breaking... Thanks for the video.
But Jor, is there a walk button? Or another halfway analog press
wait… you got to level 20 in 2 hours?!?
Notice how clothing has collision! No clipping for the win.
looks good. just now need to know about DLC/ season pass, and stuff like that
Anyone else think he was saying boobs not books?
1:40 you can see the gloves he picks up say quidditch gloves. not sure if that means something though.
Leander might be molly Weasley's ancestor, with her maiden name being Prewett and both being ginger
Game is looking good. Thanks for the opportunity and good luck to everyone.
I'm really excited for this game, I hope it blows all expectations out of the water.
Just going to wait for a PC review to pre-order now. Everything looks promising as long as it runs well.
did they pay you for this one too?
Great to see thank you so much.
Just give me this game already 😭😭
If they can add the quiddich game with the same depth as blitzball fron FFX id be happy
Okey i have decided to get this game day 1 i hope i can finish god of war ragnarok first.
Dang, i saw on Instagram that you are allowed to swim. Its insane.
This game is all i ever wanted, the wait is killing me doe
thank you for the deep dive of the game! I got the game as a birthday present and was worried it would go the route of Forspoken but it seems my fears are unfounded.   *Note* I don't think Forspoken is bad per se, but I am going to wait for updates and patches before purchasing it. So far, the reviews for that game are pretty dismal. I hope they can fix the issues so many players are having with it.
This game looks like it has excellent 3rd person camera position and pretty good field of view. Character is not taking half the screen like almost every other game released lately.    I really hope this game does well!
I was worried with the political drama going on it would be difficult to get an honest review if glad from what I’ve seen it’s been honest and makes me more excited
I wonder if the chamber of secrets will be in it
It's leviosah not levioso you absolute buffoon
12 more days
Hey great video you’ve confirmed me getting it now also where do I join the giveway thanks jor 😊
There is no link to the giveaway, or am I not seeing it?
Love your videos
I have long thought this & with all the spells in this it only reinforces my thought: they need to add more buttons to controllers. Fight controllers have 6 face buttons plus elite controllers have back buttons. It would be far more useful to have more buttons for functions than that lame touchpad which is just a giant menu button (which you don't even need because the options button opens your menu as well...).
Based on the how the graphics looks, I'm definitely a little worried about how well my Switch can handle it. Might be time to look up getting something else...
Jor, was your gameplay session interrupted literally every two minutes for ads? Because this video was.  I'm not sure how much control content creators have over this, but regardless of who is responsible, this over-monetization is making your videos --which I've been enjoying for years--basically unwatchable.
can you swim?
You lucky bastard. I would love to even play a small demo of this game. Why didn’t they make a demo over forspoken. I’d love to play this game or just get a taste in a demo
The facts that you can just repair some things and the game doesn’t even tell you is so cool. Definitely went all out in this game
Enough waiting, I guess. Today is finally the day I pre order.
This game doesn't have microtransactions right?
The game looks bloody brilliant!   I can’t wait
This might be one of my most hyped games ever
Female character🤓
link for giveaway participation ?
Dang it's a "special youtuber" early test ugh I was looking forward to this game oh well still got stuff to play
thanks for all the timely updates videos tip tricks and review videos
That kind of hotkay system was in dragon age inquisition. It's really easy to get used to.
I absolutely enjoyed spotting nostalgic landmarks from the movies and recognizing which scenes they're from as you walked and flew through the Hogwarts grounds.
take out all the game stuff on screen like white highlighted enemies..damage numbers and cartoonish shield bubbles and the game is perfect..
Gaming?
I love it when hype comes together.
Can we sit down in the game? Even if it’s in specific areas?
9:12 he definitely died... xD damn, that poor guy hahaha
The 🎮 game of the year
Is it worth playing for somebody who has never engaged with any Harry Potter material?
It’s unfortunate that they don’t have the spells from the dumbledor vs Voldemort fight
I just finished my account and linked it to my ps5, can’t wait to play this game and it will be my first experience with harry potter's world. I haven’t watched the movies or read the books so this is all new for me, i'll keep my hopes down just in case even though most people say it’s as good as expected.
Now I just gotta figure out what house I wanna be in should I be Gryffindor, and be completely evil?
I just finished my account and linked it to my ps5, can’t wait to play this game and it will be my first experience with harry potter's world. I haven’t watched the movies or read the books so this is all new for me, i'll keep my hopes down just in case even though most people say it’s as good as expected.
ill have to preorder now this vid sold me on it tyvm
This game looks amazing! I can’t wait to play this. Did you get a chance to see the Room of Requirement?
Release the game already, I did my waiting... 12 years of it... In Azkaban!!!
Beauty play,😍
But are you getting paid to be overly positive about this game? How can you be trusted when there's no quidditch?
Damn now I really want the game I'm super hyped
From the previous gameplay showcases I already had a feeling this game would deliver based on how much content they're revealing and the devs' visible enthusiasm for the game. Hope the launch has a smooth sailing
Looks brilliant! They will really need to add Quiditch as an expansion in the future though, I really want to be able to play my friends online!
Do you know if there is an option to use pants/trousers if you play as a witch instead of a skirt? (sorry if the question is phrased weird English is not my first language)
I should be finishing up Forbidden West just in time for this to release. hell ya
There’s no pinned comment
It will be a huge missed opportunity to not be able to play Quidditch in this game!
Hype train choo choo!
I have to say this is lookint fantastic. Could you tell me if you got a feel for the outside world and the general size of it?
I imagine as we slowly learn more spells the menus will be learned along the way. It probably feels clunky because you were thrown into the body of a wizard you aren't ready to be yet.
In your short time playing as you moved around the world, did it feel alive to bring you more into the game or did it leave you feeling disconnected?
Nani!!?
Opening moments, climbing onto your broom on the Quidditch pitch.... 😑 I can't believe Quidditch currently is not in the game and hope it comes post Launch
Thanks for the video
In your video (7:01) I saw an enemie turn into a wolf can we do that also?
I hope there's bully's in this too a first yr 5th yr definitely should have a good bit of enemies
Look good
When is the review embargo lifting?
please PLEASE don't be a cyberpunk 2077 fail. LOTS of content creators also played a demo of it and said it was worth the hype according to the gameplay they got and it came out garbage
this is amazing
0:32 LIDL Avada Kadavra
I'm so hyped for this game
No early copies sent out for PC? Definitely would like to see the current state of performance on that
LOL, where is the pinned comment?
Can I ride a dragon????
Now some good news
Does anyone get kinda pissed off how content creators get early access? I understand about reviewing the game but it feels like so many youtubers get free early access and the rest of us get screwed over.
wow. I can’t believe the amount of effort they put into the world.
Since they built the entire stadium, it's almost guaranteed that there will be a quidditch DLC.
assassin's creed keeps getting less and less realistic these days...
Only a few more weeks to go! I can already tell Im going to be in character creation for my entire first session! 😆
I’m hyped for this game going to have lots of fun
After seeing forspoken reviews this makes me feel relieved thank you
"believe the hype" last time someone said this was with Cyberpunk lol
The gameplay seems fascinating. But the visual elements e.g. character movement, faces, animation, clothing etc all look like it is from 10 years ago.
Please tell me motion blur can be turned off on the PS5?
The adventuring part of the game is going to be epic idk I feel like the combat is going to be repetitive
bro is story telling is good in this game?
never cared about harry potter bc i never watched the movies but it looked good for an rpg apart from witcher 3/soulsborne games we havent had any competent AAA rpgs
JorRaptor has never steered me wrong. If he is hyped, I am hyped!
is threre free aiming?
how did that not hurt urself with the mandrake 8:20
looks amazing!! cant wait for it even more now.
all those options for creating a character are amazing feels like i'll be spending hours just there trying to create the perfect one
These days they can make a game about anything but that does not mean it has the quality needed to be a great game. this looks like one those rare games, the quality and attention to detail  the animations all look top draw here.
Seems so good how about the face animations know alot of people had a problem with that?
were all of those 2h in side quest?  or only the one for finding the 5 books? i'm a bit worried about side quest because every that have been shown is simple " go get/find me x or y"
I still hope it's a bit dark too. Visually. Lately I see a lot of games that don't know their target audience. Borderlands for example. Gibs, gore, violence, yet also that kiddy vibe. I hope this game takes itself serious, and if not I hope there'll be mods to make it more visceral. I.E. Corridor Crew 18+ Harry Potter stuff. Lies of P has that vibe I'm looking for. At the end of the year I suspect I like that game more than Hogwarts, even tho I like HP and grew up with it.
Is it me or does it look like the minimap is in low resolution?
i am so looking forward to playing this game cant wait lets go
Where's the pinned comment for the giveaway?
Avada Kedavra instantly killing someone: unforgivable Casting Petrificus Totalus on someone who is standing near a cliff edge, making them fall, face-first to their death, while remaining fully concious of what's happening, but powerless to stop it: LOL
Sorry but im not sure after being payed for testing, you can give a honest review
why dont u get in trouble for flying around everywhere and leaving school
These next two weeks will be hard
Is there a parry counter? I am excited but still fearfull it might disappoint me.. also for us poor ps4 pro user we need to w8 until april to play the game
So it looks pretty good and it looks like it's been running pretty smoothly too. Can't asks for a better game than that. Can't wait to play it for myself.
Did you have 60 fps, or there were some framedrops?
Well maybe this preorder will be worth it lol
Looks like quidditch is one dlc or one mod away!
i want to Play this Game soooo baddaddaddd but my PC is too Bad and i cant afford a new one😭😭
Stop capping
Stop your simping an pick a male character for once. Be a man!
Is this game available for Xbox or pc
Amazing how good it looks. I've been dreaming of a game like this since I was a kid. Hogwarts Legacy does not divide, but unites!   I'm already looking forward to February 7!
This can compete tears of the kingdom in GOTY
I have so much hype for this game! I hope it's not buggy on release
Looks like what forspoken should have been
I hope there will be a photo mode n I hope they add underwater exploration so we can dive and explore underwater areas and perform spells underwater and lots more.
Love that you got to go to one of the previews! So great to hear about combat from a different perspective.
I can’t wait for this game to launch!!! So excited!
What are the graphics options?
need to see this on a high end pc really....PS5 graphics are nowhere near what a pc can do
If you have the ps4 and you pre order the deluxe edition get you then 72 hours Early access
Video starts at 1:00
Great video mate, glad you confirmed what i wanted to know :)
Does it work in 60 fps
Lucky, glad to hear you enjoyed the game!
Looks like a GOTY and i like your new profile picture looks amazing
wait, how are you playing the game two weeks before launch? 😭 I get 72hour early access but HOW ARE YOU PLAYING IT SO EARLY?
Honestly im not even a big Harry Potter fan like that. I read the first two books and saw like 3 of the movies... Wasnt really for me. However... Even to ME, This game looks like its going to be the best thing to come to the gaming industry in QUITE some time!!!
These previews are getting me even more hyped
😱 ❤❤❤
☺️
My toes curled when I opened the video and was immediately greeted with the organic view of the Quidditch pitch😍🥺
The graphics looked better during the showcases.
It's all perfect the only thing that i don't like it's the red screen when you get out from the quest area. But rest of it is perfect
I hope you have the option to walk around, not just jog. Please have it like RDR2 walking/running
Good to hear it feels alive and NPC's are not zombies
Looks like a storm is rolling in at the beginning of the video, dark and ominous. I’m I love storms and snow in games.
Id trust you if you hadn't spoke so highly of Forspoken. Bought that game and its awful. LOL
How's the performance of the ps5? It is dropping below 60fps? Does it have a performance rt?
How is he able to play it first
How did it run on PS5 ? Did you play with performance mode ? Thanks for the preview !
I'm so excited. I'm going to preorder it when I get paid again next Friday
How did the game run? Steady fps?
Well that’s it. My overly high expectations are not gonna be disappointed it seems!! Omg I can’t even contain my excitement😂
Hearing your voice confirming many thing's that I was curious about especially the character creation and combat was enough thank you Jordan
I definitely gonna choose Slytherin
Thank you for that thumbnail 🥹 I’m relieved.
YESS 🔥Slytherin gang 🐍
How is the DualSense in the game???
Let's goo!
I can't wait to play this on PC
Jealous much 😂
first
It looks bad
Let’s go! Favorite part of your videos.
Remember they are locking gameplay behind platforms. Learn to pirate.
Damn I clicked fast 😅🤣
So excited for this game!!!!! Love your videos!!
first?
Hogwarts Legacy Deluxe Edition Giveaway: http://bit.ly/3DcL3UN ➡New Open World Gameplay NO COMMENTARY: https://youtu.be/8bFDWpnDBys ➡New Main Quest Gameplay NO COMMENTARY: https://youtu.be/v2VTPMoF1rY
