THIS IS THE GREATEST UPD8 MOJANG HAS EVER MADE!!!  now watch me delete all of their hard work! ^o^ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M1TgX_8M97k  EDIT: the world download is now up on the patreon :D
1:00 Fun fact: you can use this same technique to create skyboxes.
Mewo
mewo
Could we get some tutorials for these pls 🥹
𝙼𝚎𝚠𝚘
How do you move the hitboxes?
THE VID HAS 67K LIKESSSSSSS (Currently)
5:14 those are not diamonds 😭😭😭🤧🤧🤧🤧🤧
6:27 Emojis!
👁️‍🗨️
The Pig Face Was Funny 3:47
3:57  Misticat: a qué piso quieres ir  Cerdo: arriba ariba
I do not have Minecraft
Who watching this in 2025?
I found the secret memo hehehhe
pls all the maps :(
Diamond wool
Who going to tell bro 5:12
mewo
ive been told to comment "mewo" if you found this secret mewo :3)
name something this guy cant break
My man becomes more of a femboy every video
Its a SLAB not HALF SLAB
Mysticat, i sribed but i didn't get my cookie
halfslab=¼block slab=½block
Good job son
I’m goofing to this fr
Add a  phone 😂😂😂
It looks like create mod but is vanilla command blocks are op🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
Ples Help. My Cat is sitting on me
Mewo
Play Roblox
5:13
That is not a what you saying it is 0:42 0:47
3:58 "the face of acception"
NO CLICKBAIIIIT,,,,,, YEEEEEEEES
There’s a little tiny diamond block on the bottom (=-3-)
A halfslab would be a thinness of a trapdoor.
0:44 halfslab he says
I didn’t know u play Roblox 4:38
Hello sounds like mewo😊:3
Mewo
Please start making videos again. I want to see your videos.
R.I.P. Create     Minecraft humbled.
shortest sponsor video ever
I like the elevator
Mysticat is the only one that screws up every Minecraft update with all of the bugs patched
1:28 very colossal big as the earth colossal big diamond block
1:17 There’s a little tiny diamond block on the bottom 😂😂😂😂😂😂
TEAM MOWE!!!!!!❤❤❤❤
MOYANG?
31 minutes ago
Blue Wool 5:13
Mewo :3
OMG, my upcoming 2.0 version of an old map of mine that I've been planning on improving on is going to be WAY better thanks to this!!!! ^^)
mewo
Where’s my cookie? I subscribed! 6:22
4:54 you were right, it kinda looks and works like it’s from those tycoon games
Mewo:3
1:57 now i can combine every ore; ZARAINBOW
do you have a tutorial on the elevator?
5:18 ok at this point you’re just copying create mod 💀
Why does the second thing look like zed's avatar if you don't know who zeg is it's a glitcher in a roblox game called build a boat
how did you give it colision
Did the pistons say funny pistons??!!
5:21 ALAN B-
Who gonna tell him the diamonds are fake
Both the piano and the physics engine look like those scam ads and when you download the game it is completely different.
Lancer splat? MORE LIKE YOU KNOW ABOUT DELTARUNE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
:3meow how does bro know so much about command blocks
Mewo x3 (anyone else find the secret mewo?)
im wondering where the pixelmon. just a thought that came to mind
:)
0:23 short ad
3:55 "when pigs fly"
Mewo (=-w-=)
Is it available in bedrock edition?
OK, JUST CALM DOWN….A “HALF” SLAB YOULD BE HALF OF A SLAB. A SLAB IS HALF OF A BLOCK
Wish you could do this on bedrock 😢
𝓦𝓱𝔂 𝓭𝓲𝓭 𝔂𝓸𝓾 𝓭𝓸 𝓽𝓱𝓪𝓽 1:17
Your voice still confuses me
2 pl
That’s not diamonds. 😑 6:01
the channel has the word mystic so this channel is mystic
It’s not half-slab, that would be 1/4 of a block, or half of a slab.
Mewo
iron. stairs.
😊😊😊😊😊😊 1:01
6:01 that isn’t diamonds
6:30 who da new guy?
Cobblemon is superior
this update gave her way too much power
Can I tell you what makes it better pokémon *cursed pikathu picture*
Pixelmon crashes my computer
The reason I don’t follow you on Twitch is because I don’t have Twitch and I don’t know you did Twitch
Do a face reveal
Are you swedish?
Put he fitness gram pacer test with the display text
Four million views
0:23 the fastest sponsor in the world Bros focus on the vid 😅
Best update yet!
4:03 end of sponsor
5:00 MY HOUSE!
Mysticat, please, make a world download or show the commands…
If mysticat replys, ill give mysticat my account name and we can play minecraft for a video, we can both make a video on separate channels, sounds fun!
Hey mysti, could you make floating crowns above players heads using display entity’s, they could be rewards for tasks something
Mewo
Mewo :3
HOW DARE YOU MYSTICAT FOR ☠️ING A CUTE PUPPY😡😡😡😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
4:45 the pig gods have answered his call
Advertises: pixelmon (pokemon) Shows: naruto skin
Pikachu
"I punch it :3" Mysticat is now _legally_ the most adorable person on Earth, it's canon.
You are now knarfy
Mysty makes my day
Megalophobs left the chat.
Da hel why go daddy the sponsor I thought pixelmon was sponsore
404 error 4:04
THERE WERE MODS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0:58- 1:09  POV: those one roblox ugc items be like
ImLove You Mysti ❤❤😊
Who is kwilpla
We need this free on bedrock
WHY DID YOU KILL THE MINECRAFT DOGS
UwU
Pat patbox
How do you do this?
USE THE PS5 MC ITS 1.21.50-1.23.30
is there any tutorials? mystiiiiiii
🛞U🛞
MINECRAFT COOL :) YAY
3:00 bruh
0:44 half slabs are a quarter
1:46 captions: lancer splat deltarune mentioned??
There is no mods every time… except zoom mod idk
Cute cat is a ghost 👻
Do more NOW!
hi
Vanilla Minecraft ❌  Chocolate Minecraft ☑️
"People always wanted better pistons and redstone" It exists and always has, it's called the Create Mod
Pixelmon does sponsorships??
5:54 nostalgia
I hat vanilla ice cram
Roblos 5:28
Cute cat is a king 👑
Oh no cute cat died 😭
Pokèmon
When did shorts became uh longs? Like the video duration is longer
mewo
Huh what
(❤️_❤)
Dude pls make a tutorial. Your vid’s are so cool
2:55 Beluga music
How did you do the long piston one?
Mewo
oh my god, this was a year ago?!?!?!
Roblox raise a floppa two music 😁😁😁😁
Doesnt feel minecrafty to me😬
then mewo😂😂😂😂😂😂
7:24 lick the lever
Mewo
Meow
Biggest diamond block so giant to earth
6:02 Yeah, with blue wool!
my cringy comment: Bsjhjbhj
What does mewo mean?
Bro has fake diamonds
7:49 how are we gonna know what code work
Yo. What *mewo* means?
how u know the commands?
6:51 i subscribed but i didn't get any cookies :(
Mystycat what is the book in your hand?
finally there a video that SPONSOR is short
3:33 mongus jumpscare
mewo ❤
Pls don’t keep killing dogs🐶🌭🐾
1 year ago?! Since when?
Instead of doing all this complex things you just download the create modpack
mysticat how do u do it on an iphone/ipad cuz ima show it to my cousins
The subtitles are so goofy 😂
Is it true you're ethos sibling?
why do you have smooth lighting off?
how do i get a display block
The subtitles 😂 8:06
try axiom it makes display entities easier to use without commands
Bhb
HOW TO DO THE PISTONM ONEEEEEE
4:04 to skip the sponsor
6:05 the fact that the diamonds are actually wool points to that this may have used mods
I love the lasers
4:46 oh god
5:28 WAIT THIS IS FROM MARIOKART THE MUSIC WOOOOOOO
Mewo
Can you make a tutorial on how to make the elevator and laser door
your presentation was spot on, great job!
what is the command for the multisided block?
3:37 Cobblemon is betterrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
6:30 as a zelda fan, this really got me
And yet they still havent added sitting😔
Inside out... literally 0:57
mewo
AND LANCER SPLAT?! *Woa*
am I hearing mario galaxy music?
what releas is dis
5:54 I feel complete
"moyang"
0:57 Blockn't
Please make command tutorials!!!
mewo :3
D:
Cheater>:(
They need this in Bedrock!
(Siff) (Siff) i smell some texture pack
Every time I watch your videos I both lose and gain 1 of my 4 braincells....and I love it
6:01 That’s Not Diamonds! THATS LIGHT BLUE WOOL
Okay
3:26 Im Like What wut…?
MEGA FUN KIDS SONGS & NURSERY RHYMES BEAT YOUR SUBSCRIBERS
You killed doges
Helo
LOL UPD8
I can't wait till someone makes undertale in Minecraft (totally not giving ideas)
pleeeeaaaaase make a tutorial.
bruv traumatized the pikachu😂
What's the command called?
Your poor
The final stare lol 4:46
Spread the word of god❤
NO  NAME HUH ^o^ -____- ^o^
nice :)
This is a cool video
Meow😅😮❤❤❤
what is the command name
Bals
mewo
Subscribe for cookies bow:D
4:45 XD
Wait how?
6:06 ALAN BECKER PREDICTED IT
Can someone tell me how to make the elevator pls
3:56 (°o°:)ᴼʰ
5:30 mysticat can u make an tutorail for the laser door?
Give me a box>:(
Why are the furry game nerds always the coolest
wher my cookies :(
No
7:55 Mysterycar🤪
6:04  how
I scaled the giant diamond block 1 block in every direction, so no, it's not the biggest diamond block I've ever seen.
4:40 I was drinking a juice box and it squirted out my nose
My fav Minecraft YouTubers are knarfy and mysitacat
Your voice is sounding amazing! Idk what you did, but it’s definitely working! Love that for you 🥰🏳️‍⚧️💕
Where's my cookie :(
Oml. Pixelmon?? @w@ no chance, TwT
1:15 diamond thread
Wow all know😂
∆o∆
+ √ +
( v O v)
mewo
5:29 POV: you bought a “owner only door” for 1000$
Help me
How do I get pixel on on my phone 😢
3:27
How
well its noon, lets make a rum n coke and watch a minecraft video
please do a tutorial 😸
This... was one year ago. I cannot believe the passage of time anymore.
Why does the drawbridge shrink and expand midway through the animation?
Me luv picklmon
5:23 its all fun in games until somehow you get it into a hardcore survival world and accidently walk through it when its on 💀💀💀💀💀💀
“I never have to make a farm again”  “Isn’t that a farm?” 😂
I love this update!
mister cash, it's not a half slab, I have slept with half of a slap it's a slab
IT'S NOT A HALF SLAB IT'S A SLAB
2:36 😂
Pixel mon was a big part of my childhood, until the launcher got discontinued 😢
bro was farming the OP loot starter pack
mewo
Pixel mon
Already year already
I LOVE YOU MYSTICAT CAN I PET YOU?
Mysticat How Did You Die In Creative Mode By A Single Laser???
I not i
mew
0:01 Undertale OST: 054 - Can You Really Call This A Hotel, I Didn't Recieve A Mint On My Pillow Or Anything 2:44 Undertale OST: 026 - Dating Tense! 2:54 Undertale OST: 027 - Dating Fight! 4:15 Undertale OST: 054 - Hotel (if I may add, a better fitting song would be Long Elevator)  Hotel Count: 1 CYRCTAHIDRAMOMPOA Count: 1
Very upset that, almost a year later, Bedrock still doesn’t have this.
didnt pixel mon have a huge scandal recently?
Good on you for getting that Pixelmon sponsorship, but I prefer Cobblemon. It’s open-source to make mod modding easier, and the Pokémon sprites are boxy and pixelated and more Minecraft-like.
Show command pls
Wat
THIS REALLY SHOCKS ME in all ways omfg. so if there's a tutorial or something like that about this new upd? i do wanna learn this to make my server a whole new world.
Pixelmon link doesn't work ☹
4:45 i bursted out 😂
moyang :3 0:27
I HATE THE PISTON IT GO STRETCH AAAAAAA
People that who love mysticats videos 👇              I DONT HAVE ANYTHING TO SAY IM SRRY!
My brain thought of the zelda sound effect when the bridge opened
I…HATE…AMONG USSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS.!!!!
ITS THE SONG FROM DANNO CAL DWAWING! :O
How did you get the display entities on the elevator to have collision?
Mewo
Hi
mewo
Can you teach us how to😮?
“Half slab” its just a normal slab 😭
Can you pls show me how to make the elevator?
He has made a elevator in vanilla that everything in this video took a long time to , Keep up the hard work mysticat
All of this can be done in one mod called "create"
can i have the command for the elevator?
you so Funnt Bro hahaha
ur dad ur dad UR DAD
That's Light blue wool 6:00
Those were blue wool Not diamonds
He said half slab 0:45
Help Meeeee
4:04
3:59
2,422,009th viewer of this video!
When u realise the average player won’t ever be able to use this lol
when the dogs got ran over i laughed out loud and immediately thought "i am a bad person"
btf how to write this command
It is mojang not moyang
Meeo i saw that 😂
HOW TO GET THIS COMMAND?
Nintendo will sue you for pixelmon
1 sriber
8:04 BOOMBOOMBOOM
KAKASHI WITH A WARTORTLE?????
how do you make the piston extend further?
0:26 this is the shortest sponsor EVER!
If only I knew what I was doing and could make anything related to these
No hate but... Those are *slabs*. Not "half-slabs". Just warning you ◝⁠(⁠⁰⁠▿⁠⁰⁠)⁠◜
Can you make a chair with no mods?
It's not dimeds it lite blue wll
mewow
epic zelda refrence
if we create a plugin or mod that translates mod pixels into blocks it may be possible to play modded minecraft with vanila (vanila client to modded server)
Ima tire
Mewo
mewo
Why this guy sound exactly like the nerd emoji 🤓
can you make a tutorial on how to make the elavator
/Mysticat
You know more about the update possibilities than mojang lol
Mojang recently made a new snapshot...    YOU CAN NOW RESIZE MOBS AND PLAYERS (Working Giant in vanilla Minecraft)
my man is born to break minecraft
BUT HOW DO YOU MAKE IT WORK...
i love mysticat!
seeing nothing cast a shadow is so trippy
Who hates Pixelmon 👇
m e w o.
Did you say Roblox 5:28
I will download Pixelmon Mysticat
mewo
Bro smaller sponcer ever ☠️
MEWO
I love your videos so much and you should definitely make more videos
HERE WE HAVE THE K
Mewo ;)
You have earned another sriber😂
AYYY HE DID THE OCARINA OF TIME REFERENCE
mewo
Make a video where you show how to do that
Mewo
Turn on caption(*´･ω･)
0:46 This will be vertical slabs in 2023
Bro, did I just see kakashi from Naruto in the sponsor
MYSTICAT. TUTORIAL. NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It was not diamonds it was light blue concrete powder
oh gosh
(❤
How do you even make these things
one peice = bad
It’s a crime to not have shown the SpongeBob rock 😢
My switch trying to run these commands: Ka- *BOOOOOOOM*
how do you create these
8:01 Subtitles make an ASCII kitty
mewo
the multisided block helps allot but do these commands work in Bedrock Edition? And please teach me how to do them
How is your Minecraft bright Mysticat?
I want the mysitacat with wepon emoji
😂😂
Please make a tutorial on how to do this
0:29 “moyang”
This is the first time a youtuber got sponsored by a very good game
we can finally mmaketriple doors
wow, MOYANG added so much
the totem in farm is sad
Make rec room in minecraft
2:59 and then.. he killed the dog. *fart noise*
Bro the pig just look at him maybe the pig says brih
What are the commands
I’m happy that your rich:)
a m o n g u s
1:46 *deltarune flashblacks occur*
"Your diamonds" are blue wool
We need a tutorial
That was Kakashi picking up a Squirtle. They are literally from 2 different animes. Get it together, Pixelmon!
Very cool vid ^^ keep up the good work
Tutorial i need a tutorial
mewo
:0?
i like that OOT reference
Can anyone tell me the commands for the castle drawbrige?
5:50
is it in pe?
Mewo
am i the only one that thinks he sounds like shaggy from scooby doo
The dark theme is high contrast (in vanilla minecraft)
is this java
REAL LIFE MONEY!? I'M DOWNLOADING IT RIGHT NOW
ARE YOU SERIOUS!?
thank you for this video mister car
Oh im so exited to play in this update its not like bedrock sucks and you cant use theese commands (i actualy not sure but it seems too cool to be in bedrock)
㏒㏑
This vedio is sponsred by Minecraft
5:28 thats cursed 7:55
0w0
W Moyang
website for minecraft
bro I am mentally crying right now cause java only gets this stuff WHY MOJANG HATE BEDROCK
Don't go to 8:03
The subtitle/cc be like in the end: ummm... BOOOOOOOOOMBOOOOOMBOOOOOOMBOOOOOOOMBOOOOMBOMMMM😂 plz don't report me I tryna make a joke
O no my Pisten it’s broken
Shulkercrafts career is done for…
1:52 good for optical illusions
Who is the command?
me when spin
Mewo
Question this is the april fools update?
Can i do this in bedrock?
2:59 poor doggys :(
Is this Java or bedrock
What is the command for the multi sided block i m going crazy tryna find out this command btw love your videos
How can we get those?
hi mysty that's a problem if i use your profile picture? :D
mewo
please how do you make the cursed piston
So vertical slab is possible:))
mewo
Map makers after this update: reality can be anything i imagine
Yee
every time i think theres no more to break she breaks something else LOL
Tell me the command pleaseeee
What the command called for the aminaiton
Me at 3 am testing it out
we need this in bedrock edition
Pixelmon is sus bro I saw a creeper like a among us
4:04 skip ad
Moyang :-)
Yaaaaayyyyyyy
Hi mysti! Whats the Music at 3:00
Fnaf 1  Fnaf 2 mold fnaf 3  Fnaf nightmares 4  Fnaf sister location  Fnaf sister site Custom Knight  build fnaf 6  Fnaf custom night  FNAF VR: Kids Killer  Fnaf Security British  Fnaf Security British: Run FNAF: Intronic Hell
mapmakers are still waiting to wake up, little do they know, their dream has come true
UwU UwU is the best hoooo!!
Combine slabs
2:05 Mysticat Coding: Villain Arc
that's light blue wool not diamonds haha
now we can have real squishcraft
This is by far the best episode
Mmm seeds totally make sugar
how did you give collision to the elevator and its button? or did you tp the entities up?
6:30  The time you played it i ended up hearing storms outside
how did you get the dark theme
Oh no...our blocks....they're broken
How do you make that? 6:08
what happened to your voice? It used to be deeper…
Mewo!
can you show how you made the multi sided block?
I found a loop 1/3
1:19 i use it too it looks cool
Pls show us the commands
How to use this update?
Watching you, at 2 am, eating biscuits with my dad when hes working, standing up, school break, phone 15%    vibes fr
4:32 This really looks like Roblox’s elevators! Good job on making it!
mysticat update: wide piston update 💀
Why dont the pixelmon link work
3:34 AMONG USSS!!!!!!!!!!!!
Mewo
2:23 man fr took Minecraft farms a bit too seriously
3:20
No no, this can’t be possible
Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
That’s sus 🤨
how do you do that?
4:22 also, if you don’t like the piston texture, you can just squish a block on top of it to have a floor that looks good
/ mysticat
for the inverted blocks, you can actually make custom skyboxes if you make one big enough and cover the entire sky with it :DDD so excited to make my entire minecraft world have a tnt sky thanks for informing me about this im sure ill make crazy crap
Bro made bedrock players cry💀
Mewo
you can make block that is 1 pixel (0.063f i checked it) and make very detailed builds
What update is this
god
Can you do this in bedrock?
Tutorial?    👇
I Watched your earlyist vid
and thats wrong
.qt
mewo
After watching your circle video its crazy how high pitched you are now
6:04 I CAN FINALLY MAKE THE WINDMILL FROM ANIMATION VS MINECRAFT!
I came for the commands can anyone tell me what are the commands
Make the lazers green and make it so that you need odd tablets to activate them and yes this is all subnautica suggestions here😅
What snapshot of Minecraft is this I want to play it
This was 4 months ago?
that promo was nice :) (the first one)
mewo
what mod is used to make the lighting like that on the blocks?
8:06  SUBTITLES ON BOOMBOOMBOOMBOOM
What version is this Im late to the video
8:05
How do you make the collision work
I sub
How do yu do the display block command?
Sponsor is among us
MYSTICAT PLAYS ROBLOX?
honestly cobblemon is better then pixelmon
mewo
Stop it with the hatred for dogs.
first person i subbed to
I wish we can make guns in this game
mewo
I had subtitles on and at the end it said BOOMBOOMBOOMBOOMBOOMBOOMBOOMBOOMBOOMBOOMBOOMBOOMBOMMBOOMBOOMBOOMBOOMBOOMBOOMMBOO
mewo
EEVEE
Mewo. :3
I can’t go to Pokémon 😢😢😢
It's pronounced MOJANG, not MOE-YANG.
Ohio minecraft like:
STOP FAKEIN
My popper thing I can do is make you cry and evil in scary survival
Mewo
How did you just make that farm with just items not seeds oh well I love your videos
4:04 to skip sponsor
3:00 NOOOOOOOO THE POOR DOGS
Mewo
Version?
you can do a wind wheel with the mod of Createcraft
mewop is mewos bruther
mewo
Good job sponsoring Pixelmon. Pokémon is cool❤!
Can you please make a tutorial I love your content and I just wanna try it out for myself
mewo
5:58 OHHHH
Wat a worst mod ever made
I don’t think grains give sugar when pressed..
mewo
6:29 my man pulled out his inner ocarina of time
Mysticat is the reason why i make baldi’s basics mods, also mewo
Hahah bruh this video have no mods the sponsor Is pixelmon😂😂😂
3:27
this reward goes to : fastest sponsor segment
I don’t see twich
my guy went through reverse puberty
we building the plane in vanilla minecraft
please tell me how to make the elevator ill be so happy
The piston killed the dogs
We need a tutorial for this😶😶
I eat hotdogs
THE BIGGEST DIAMOND BLOCK YOU'VE EVER SEEN... I punch it
HOW- how is this not mods???
5:37 anyone see that player?
How do I use the dark mode then? For the in server menu?
Teach me the commands I only now basics. Like summon
The clickbait is coming
2:07 *run*
Imagine the 1 command block creations with this, I mean i wonder if thats possible, but the idea that you can cram a whole thing into it, Also Maybe like some datapack magic. The idea that you could maybe code it so that you can craft an elevator, and have it so that it does that dope animation in survival and stuff, I wanna see this type of stuff,
4:45  😂
can you do this on bedrock i dont have a java accont but i have switch so if dose work can you help me make stuff im good at commands /gamode a  for an example
that diamond block got buddha V9
Bro just made technoblade in that elevator
Ok,I just want the elevator pls😢,and how did you do it?
i like pokemon but ikm not old enough to use thje link
W mods
"When pigs fly" Pigs: 4:39
HE MADE ROBLOX TYCOONS
this is like the v-script of minecraft
can someone please tell me the commands for all this I've been searching google and youtube for days to get a list of commands like how to give a block display, collision or how to change the appearance its annoying
I'm the only one who noticed that the example girl wore deku's hero suit from my hero academia
1:46 Minecraft dungeons loading logo be like
mewo
This is an update?
MOYANG MOYANG not mOJANG MOYANG
who is moyang?
Me want elovatorrr
how to make this command ?
the amount of "minecraft in ohio" videos people are gonna make with this
subscarb
:awesome:
The time roblox gravity happened 4:31
3:00 the heck is rong with you 😢?
how?
“I think he wanted to go up another floor
^o^
Hi
S
Now we can make roblox in minecraft
Ok Mysty this is cool but can you do this with blocks from mods? Like im talking about blocks that are modded into the game
Mystic cat : "Look at all my diamonds!!!" him throwing fake diamonds
E
3:49 No, pixelmon is a minecraft mod and there is no such thing as "Pixelmon Launcher"
Wait, you can make very small room using multiple sided block
mewo
Smahd
4:03 the sponsor ends
We should have SO much respect to him for his content AND "command block skill"
/Mysticat
Survival player : all of this mean nothing for us
cool
Lol that piston
cool, if only i knew how to use command blocks
Poor dogs.
Mewo
can you please make a tutorial for this, i really want to learn how to use this type of stuff, especially now that it is in 1.19.4
You know what,I can’t go on 2d Minecraft so I wish I could make my job Java as the same as Renidrag
How to add collision?
whats the snapshot???
THIS DOES NOT FEEL REAL 😭😭😭 I feel like I’m in a fever dream whAT IS THIS
We need some only roblox videos
oh my god your voice is unbearable  your voice sounds like the type of person who would be texting a minor
I love Minecraft's New Update is CRAZY
Your videos are amazing. Keep it up.
Cool video, cool update and cool feature. This is so Inspiring. I always thought this was only done with datapacks or mods. i am also thinking of making a map.
While technically vanilla Minecraft, updates to the functionality of commands does not feel like vanilla minecraft at all. Even the introduction of those blocks wasn‘t feeling particularly vanilla because you can‘t access them in a regular survival world. Cool for map makers though.
Did anybody notice that during the laser beam wall part Mysticat died and creative mode. That's a real question.
I hate my mother.
Sure this vanilla. Suuuuuurrrrree
This is kinda like vanilla create mod
mevo
dat is not a daimend is a lght blue wool
Why does the peston look like a cigarette 🚬
mewo
Sub for cookies? It was the name of the bow he used to open the castle dokr
Dogs rule cats drul                                                   true facts
Hey, imma send my characters to the pixelmon creators to add them!
Bro sounds like shaggy
He doesn't even knows that not the update is not crazy, *His new abilities are now crazy*
Hi
there is cobblemon and it looks like actual minecraft
Don't judge me ama kid
Can you make a pool when you jump inside the pool it explodes like a thousand tnt
man, minecraft had already endless possibilities, but mojang stills add more.
I dont really believe this, it feels so much like a mod. Firstly we have ACTUAL ANIMATED BLOCKS and then we can litteraly make items slabs as they are NOT SUPPOSED TO BE SLABS. IT HAS TO BE MODS! thats my warning cya
I had to check the date of this to make sure it wasn’t an April fools that’s how much I don’t believe this
Wait, if you are to put the grow command in the upward direction, and use the shrink command in the downward area, both onto separate repeating command blocks, would it just be a moving block🤔
Is Vanilla minecraft Java?
I’ve played song of storms on piano! It’s a really fun song 😂
I managed to make the drawbridge and the trapdoor
elevator pig love ❤
Diamond is um idk remove it my brain lost 1963753k brain cells
THIS VIDEO WAS UPLOADED ON MY BIRTHDAY!!!!🥔🥔🥔🥔
Why do the piston go longgggggggggg boy :)
hibro
Really glitchy, but really useful.
finnaly a youtuber who doesnt spend 3 mins on the ad
Can you please do a video teaching how you did them?
1:02 I would caĺl it ilusion block
coolllllll
The ui changer is high contrast
My favourite thing about the video: Sponser lasted like 2 seconds
1:27 Im da biggest diamond block
. Mewo.
. Mewo.
It looks like those old Minecraft mob school animations😂
1:20 how do I do the dark them ui?
mewo
????????? a random sponser out of nowhere????????????
3:43
4:04
Make a tiny house of display entities in Minecraft
Can I play Pixelmon, without having Minecraft?
Mewo :)
So there is a lot of undertale osts like date with undyne and memory please use undertale music more
mewo
I sow tht vid u made 3 yers ago im glad u didnt cqit
Can you make a tutorial for this new commands?
Why the FUARK(chat rules) hasnt Mumbo told me about ANY OF THIS and more importantly WHEN IS HE GONNA!?
I can’t try this because I don’t have vanilla Minecraft
I love what you're doing with the subtitles my guy! Also, needa do an episode where it's mr.poopypants ;)
Can you do a tutorial for the elevator?
During the sponsored Pixelmon clip, the dude had a leaf village headband on LOL Wtf you're gonna talk about minecraft Pokémon and have some dude from Naruto in it lmfao OK
And why ur rules made arguing inappropiate? Dont get it.
Mojang added what? I just see customized content made by commandblocks.
Just hope someone makes a generator for idiots like me.   It'd be nice to have the magnet pistons mod and extended piston mod in Vanilla with both pistons in one piston. So you could push and retract two or three blocks from 4 to 8 blocks away.
BUT THATS BORING                                -mysticat 2022
4:15 does anyone think this elevator music sounds like the doors jam?
Gmod E2 Holograms all over again
I wonder what this guy looks like in real life
How old is guy??
THIS NEEDS TO BE ADDED TO MINECRAFT!
All of these cool tools are for map creators and server owners.  THEY LITERALLY TURNED MINECRAFT INTO ROBLOX
"look at all my diamonds" Light blue wool xD
Counting down the days until someone makes a 1:1 recreation of the n64 LoZ Ocarina of time, loy poly textures and all
While this is insanely dope the amount of effort is not nearly worth it when you could have the same thing but better looking and overall easier to achieve with mods
I'm gonna need some tutorials.
On the contrary, Cobblemon is better than pixelmon. Check it out. The mods for it are't dickheads.
mysticat i got a question. whenever i use the block display. when i interpolate move/ rotate it. it teleports it a tiny bit before it goes smoothly
Ngl Mysticat, your honestly one of the best YouTubers for mc, you have the funniest humor, and make things fun and simple to watch; thank you so much for your time and effort.
Better than wolves
i like cobblemon better
uhm well so  redstone with command blocks is gonna be insane in  a few weeks / months
Finally a good 9/10 update since RenderDragon (cuz most people don’t have the basic knowledge of command blocks)
I'm gonna make lasers in Obby Creator
Ohio be like
Vertical pistons already exist😂
Using commands is my favorite thing in minecraft, mods and commands. But this update is more then Extra.
This update hurts my brain.
Secret:in the video he always say moyang instead of mojang
Hell nah they made ohio minecraft a real thjng
atleast show us how the commands work dude
Is it possible on bedrock 😢😢😢😢
bro stop moding
Let’s go Mysticat
2 ads in one damn
pixlemon is dogcrap
Song at 1:20?
forgot to say this before, but im shocked you’re an exo fan
So in other words, not really a good update for people who actually wanted this stuff but dont want to learn command blocks.
interesting
it's cool that they are adding more ways to create in the game, just wish they were actual player level changes and not just added commands, if mod makers can bring these things into fruition with items to add / automate these things surely the developers of the game can.
you look slapable
Meanwhile i just want to be able to put chorus fruit in a pot
What is the command?
Is it really real 🤔
Can u do it in bedrock
*Heavy breathing intensifies* Vertical half slabs? VERTICAL HALF SLABS!? VERTICAL HALF SLAAAAABS!!!!1!
Where can I learn to make these.
mewo
That door reminds me of the left for dead 2 Minecraft survival maps
Wait what about touch screen
Can someone explain to me how this is vanilla Minecraft? How the hell do command blocks work I guess is really what my question is
You are going to be evil in scary survival ep35-ep40
in the description
i love your videos hi❤
Day 1: Can you make a video of what commands you use to do all of this
How did you make the multi-sided block?
Can u make a office type of game- server thingy in Minecraft?
w h a t
Bro I thought it was a torch on the thumbnail💀💀💀💀💀💀💀
I Can't Believe mojang made this update this is too dope 😭🔥
I don't how to make that hidden door.  Someone please tell me.
could you make a tank with this new stuff?
POV: Mysticat weaponizes an update
5:26  no mysticat. it IS roblox.
What is that darkmode resource pack can someone send me the link?
Mewo
witch snapshot
This update is so insane this breaks the physics of regular minecraft best update
I'm trying to do the same thing you did moving a block at the press of a button, but it skips the first 0.5 seconds of any animation, jumping to partway through. Has anyone else experienced this and knows how to solve it? I'm doing:  execute as @e[type=minecraft:block_display] run data merge entity @s {interpolation_duration:100,interpolation_start:-1,transformation:{translation:[0.0f,1.0f,0.0f]}}  And it jumps to like halfway there, then interpolates smoothly after that. Am I doing something wrong? I've tried putting "interpolation_start" to -6000 too, like I've seen on another video, but it still skips. :S  I really want to enjoy this new feature though, but the skipping makes it unusable... :(
Make bendy in Minecraft
Your voice is super cute
Mewo
Umm seeds gives flour and not sugar...
MEEEEEWOOOOOO😅🐱🐈🐈‍⬛
Minecraft is teaching us the 4th dimension
Everybody: Ooh a stretched piston Me: Thinking it's a cigarette
Create mod but in vanilla
y e s
Quick question, I wanna know how you can change the size of the block, Im on MCStacker right, but i dont know what changes the size of the block
This seriously feels like the 20w14infinite snapshot, where everything seemed possible; and it was all a prank
This video is so cursed it hurts my brain
HOW
Could you maybe make a video that explains how you can so it yourself ?
Hey Mysticat, could you please learn how to make mods for bedrock edition (called addons) and make an addon that adds this fully working command to bedrock edition (u can use a custom index for the command, because in mcbe custom commands don't work with a forward slash) But pls do it and, if you could, make it downloadable too  btw cats are better than dogs, just saying 🙃
Now Alan becker could make a video where they dig down and see the command block which controls everything (yknow how stuff is not realistic? Which could be added here)
Yoo Yoo
pls make a tutorial for your car and elevator
i still wanna know how the hell you make these without using patreon.
HI
My smartphone is 1% ah yes, a very good last video...
mewo
Yt unsubscribed me
Me who plays on bedrock phone=awwman
You play roblox?
mewo :)
“Realistic laser door”
The lift reminds me of old adventure maps, like asleep
They runined minecraft so much...
I love mysterycar!
I challenge  you to do it on bedrock
Does this mean we can finally have fully working galleon ships in Minecraft?
what is the command to change the size, I have been looking forever to find it.
but can you make a sideways slab?
Cheese 🧀
mewo
The subtitles lol
|\_/|,|  ('\ _.| o o |_ )) -(((---(((-----
I love how he said mojang
3:42 FMAB poster slay lol
Vanilla create mod
mewo
UwU ( ♥️w♥️) 💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥
No mods
Mewo
YOO DIRT SLABS ARE BACK!1!1!1!1!1!1
❤pokimom
Can't believe this guy play roblox also
Fun fact:the first mysticat put mewo in description was made in 2021, august 15 in Minecraft:You use the chest wrong :(
He should make a roller coaster
i wish the stuff was free
THIS IS THE BEST VIDEO IVE EVER SEEN ABOUT MINECRAFT
I love you
Das ist so f****** funny I was watching your old videos and I further I go up to the new videos your voice gets higher and higher
If mumbo jumbo sees this video he is be like I want it😂
THANKS FOR THAT MANY ROBUX OMGGG
This is just wierd
Minecraft in Ohio
Sir, are you a furry
Hi i am tomy annie that dose not mean that you will buy tomy stuff ok
Your voice sounds a little goofy now ngl
Sorry couldn’t help myself , the thumbnail looks like a cigarette!
Why graphics set to fast 🥹
DONT GET PIXELMON ITS A VIRUS I LEARNED THAT THE HARD WAY
You should change your channel name to "command king" or something similar if you don't like it
this is so cool! i cant wait to see the maps that come out!
This is awesome!!
Just to ask. Can I cancel the patreon and still get maps after canceling?
mewo :>
i love your voice... and video's :) and i thought I was good with commands now i know i'm a noob. O_o
Mewo
Can you make a mod about sea and mostly crabs and shrimps(I like them) and like just sea dungeons and mollusks why what am I writing this is going to go to stupid idea video-
BEST UPDATE EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Omg its the minecraft clickbait thumbnail
Man the new Minecraft Ohio update looking epic
Where are your shadows. Turn them on >:(
I don’t have a single clue how any of this works besides ur command blocks, I didn’t know any of this was added but this so really cool! Can’t wait to see what people do with this
The only disappointing thing is that these all use command blocks -- something I don't personally know how to use, so I can't make use of these builds.
People wanted pistons that extend more than 1 block, right? Well, what about a piston that extends 5 blocks? - Mysticat 2023
Don't understand why he says vanilla Minecraft like command blocks are vanilla
why does your voice sound like that
Why did u take down ur setup tour
you are great                 super brain :)
I thought you said pixelmon?
Why did I spend 5 hours making a smooth elevator with falling blocks a few weeks before this Snapshot came out
bro you sound like shaggy XD
After watching this video, you're my new favorite YouTuber.
You have a really cute voice:o
IS THIS REAL!?!?!?!?!?
why kakashi in pokemon? and sussy boy to?
Its been like 1yr since i've played minecraft but,that is just CRAZY
As a builder I am quaking and frothing at the mouth at this new snapshot in sheer excitement
Their voice got so high pitch and I'm here for it. I just went back about a year and 2 months to double check and make sure I wasn't crazy for remembering their voice being super dark in their older videos xD
5:29 did you just die on creative mode?
I love you mojang
Thumbnail be like:piiiiiiiiiiisssssstooooooon
Man, I was scared when I saw him holding the sheep spawn egg.
mysticat, could you do the different sided blocks over a block? if so, you could disguise a redstone block as diamonds, put it in a cave, and rig it to blow
moyang
But I don't like Pokemon
Can I do that on bedrock?
I mean do we really count command blocks as "vanilla" ? Pretty interesting new mechanics regardless.
mewo
yeeeees
vertical slab yes
WHY DID YOU CHANGE YOUR HOMEPAGE PHOTO IT WAS BOOTIFUL BEFORE
Now how many of these work in survival without the command blocks?
I wish you would talk with a normal voice like you used to
what update is this gonna be 1.21 ?
SUSCIMBE
Advice by me stop growing squidward start growing subscribers good and real advice
Minecraft in Ohio without edits
Ohio Update
Aww man I wanna download the world without paying :(
Now you can made doom maps in Minecraft with those stuff m8 this will be awesome update
Cries in bedrock
Is this really real I find it very difficult to believe
Meyo
Make sonic the hedgehog
the ‘minecraft in ohio’ memes just became a possible reality
bro sounds like shaggy
Top perfectly cut screams, Number 1: 8:02
MOJANG HAS DONE SOMETHING INCREDIBLE
Who did all this for you this time?
Mewo
I know your sister 👹
I can already imagine mojang should add a block collision entity that you can transform  of instead of using barriers and there might be a tag to add collision to display blocks
Damnit I wish some of this was survival accessible
(ФωФ)
В майнкрафт добавили столько возможностей для творчества, что даже немного страшно.
I love that dig at Mumbo Jumbo at 6 minutes
“Put some dogs there” 3:00
Always java
What
WE NEED COMAN
Make Mario kart in Minecraft with NO MODS. I really want to see you do that plz. 🙏
Mewo
mewo
i sense fullbright mod
"The biggest diamond block..." perfect voice crack. remember 1.14's screenshot april fools? Can you build a data pack of that? again, your voice cracking is so perfect.
This will not be an update ever.
Face reveal
I thought it was April Fools' Day 🤣
Finally all clickbait videos are going to be real
Is this real?
please Mysticat how you make that things, please teach me!! 😭😭
what's happened to mysticat's voice? his voice isn't nearly as deep as it was about a year ago, I'd even say he sounds like a completely different person.  really caught me off-guard after watching some of his newer videos.
i challenge you if you can make minecraft to split screen 2 player game, but in one window not 2 windows, who with me do like
They made OhioCraft real
I assume stuff like the drawbridge doesn't have collision during the animation? (BTW, you could expand that with chain display entities.)
mewo <3
This is a totally different game now
Witchcraft!
3:32 kakashi
You have band kid accent
now we gotta get dem tutorals tho and i already suck at commands🙃
Why did you make your voice so high? I liked it before
Can you combine end crystals with other blocks
wait why would a mod sponsor someone
You should code a nuke into Minecraft with MODS
I subscribed now wheres my cookie?
MEWO
DID YOU JUST SAY MOYANG-
On 6:02 I the video he said it was Diamonds but it is blue wool😂😂
This was a little sad, I wish they would  just add more tech to the game like they should add pulleys and hinges and allow blocks to rotate on the hinge, and just add pistons that can extend to an amount you set, up to like 5, it would be so much easier I feel
Mysticat: no mods  me: Did you forget the zoom mod?
hopefully pixelmon doesn't get taken down by nintendo again
As someone who doesn't normally use Command Blocks.. I'm interested in trying this... What's the commands to run for these?
Mod
This is a joke right?
if you don't remake among us 999 you go to hell when you die
Whats the code for the multisided block?
i did it and didnt work
Mojang got jealous of the create mod
Hi dude 😀
For people who don't like command blocks, the good stuff starts at 8:05
nice Undertale music. i think its dating tense and dating fight.
i havent watched your vids in a while but i wanted to see what the new update was abt and somehow your voice is even cuter than it was last time i watched??? like how????
Kinda removes the minecraft factor, but still sick update
3:23 Actually playing with someone
the possibilitys of this scare me
what happened to your voice
The totem is sad :(
The subtitles are just (=-w-=)
7:57  Msycat in Ohio:
This is one of the best Minecraft videos I’ve ever seen!
WHAT IS THE UPDATE I NEED IT
"not real" that's cool
the thumbail be kinda sus tho😳
this is really cursed
This is so cool! This makes it so much easier to make a hidden base now!
I'm watching ur streem
I wonder how light interacts with these objects, are they affected by it or is it modifiable?
Ah yes, who doesn't grind their seeds into sugar! Who needs the old wheat to flour if you can just take the seeds and make them into sugar 😅
What about java addition
Whait what Minecraft update:
Bro‘s voice is evolving backwards💀
i can see this going somewhere wrong 💀
Misti you should rebuild the circle in a simple way using these new display be blocks
Wow i really like your videos also im commenting this for the algorithm mewo :3
you should try out the immersive railroading mod its really cool it lets you drive trains realistically in minecraft
Y was kakashi in pokemon
this is the create mod
I didn’t know that pixelmon was on Mac! I’m going to play today!
Yay
Holy!!!!
create mod is now useless
meow
Pov:you have not liked this comment
I can't wait for Minecraft 1.20 to be released
Minecraft vanilla is becoming the create mod but better
Moyang? I will never hear mojang again
I watched some of your older videos right before this one and I feel like your voice is on a higher pitch. Liked it when it sounded more mature.
How the heck is this vanilla Minecraft?!
my mind has been yeeted out the window into a gas truck that exploded
4:45 when pigs fly
Make a tutorial please this is so cool but I dont understand how to use it
There was an ad during the ad now that's doubling down
Is this video fake?
I N E E D A T U T O R I A L
The subtitles vs the actual commenatry
so minecraft mods have sponsers now lol
Sounds legit. 👍
Subbed because of the song of storms <3
Meow
Minecraft:Realeses the best update Mysticat:Realeses the Breakdown Update.
mewo
Undertale music!!! ^w^❤️❤️❤️
0:29 “moyang”
he sounds like if shaggy was an e-boy  this is sick btw
It looks like the Minecraft monster school animations, with stretching textures. - 7:10
im going to love this update omg
4:46 Technoblade beyond the grave!
yessssssssssssss finallly new update i can make a :O robot
Make a video how to make a soccer/football ball in minecraft
why does he sound like shagy from scooby-doo 🫤
5:48 MumboJumbo just spent so long with the create mod to make that and you just did it easily😂😂😂
Is this stuff done in java or bedrock?
Mo-yang or Mojang?
4:45 spider pig spider pig can do whatever a spider pig can
mewo
man is sponsered by a mod lol
🤓
7:54 my wifi dropped by one bar
minecraft: coding edition
my g thats 4 d
Is it for free
"It looks a bit like something from roblox "     me: welcome to the crew mate
WHAT?!
only in ohio 💀☠
Is no-one goining to talk about the amount of effort he puts into even the smallest of things in his videos?? For example: THE CAPTIONS 8:00
I love this 💞😍💞 i just LOVE THIS 💙🧡🤍💜(continue the good work 💕)
tutorial pls
Best part 4:31
what are the commands
Ohio joined the chat...
Moyang
Duude i need help with coding!!! What is the code language in minecraft again?
Commant blocks are cool but complicatet.... too complicatet for me... 🤪
Very cool, i always appreciate it!
Mewo
Furry
I literally had to glance at the calendar to make sure it wasn't April 1st. This seemed like a prank video at first.
You need to film a video with chatGPT! Beleive it or not, it knows minecraft commands!
you can do almost all these thigs using create mod
E
THE BEST UPDATE EVER!!!
I want you to have 1000.000.000 subs
mewo :3
I think I miss a minecraft update     :(
3:27 WHAT IS THAT PIKACHU LOL
Just noticing he sounds like shaggy
Lemme bonemeal bones :troll:
The Diamond block in 1:30 is average
I love how mysticat just grabs the wolf spawn egg and goes “Let's put some dogs there.” :0
2:03 Did he say black people?
the greatest thing u can do for us is make a tutorial on how to do this stuff!
🥨𖢌𖠰𖠧☯️☸️☸️☸️☸️📮📭📘📈🗒🗓📘📕📒📒📑🏮🏮🏮🌳🌳🐓
cursed
you should make an entire video about block display lol, i dont understand the command stuff
Mobile pixelmon link?                                                                                                       Jk
what is the texture pack
Nice! 👍 next they should make it so display entities actually have a collision!
Can you explain the laser gate?
if map making is not back with this update that idk what could revive it
what if i snort the suger from the seeds?              ITS FOR REASEARCH PURPOSES
2018 map makers have RETURNED
When I put on captions be like mysticat: "I punch it ( =•̀ w •́= )"
how do you make collidable display blocks
rip create mod and chizle and bits
Im pretty sure this is a mod lol
pistons in ohio: 2:53
Nah Bro This Is The Ohio Update
Mewo also I’d love to see a tutorial
Mysticat playing Roblox
wait, finally, ONE WAY WINDOWS HERE WE COME, please tell me we can do that with glass?
ee e ee e e ee e  e e e e  e e e e e e e  e e e e e e eee  ef sc fc  zf  Sc aSC
elevator tutorial? 😏
6:33 who is that guy? i’m not being rude, but who is that guy
I can’t believe pixelmon actually sponsored you, it’s amazing!
The high pitched, squicky voice gets me every time
Please do a Tutorial on the Elevator. That’s by far the coolest thing. Thanks <3
İts not random read it Mewocatmysticaliscoolistoleligersusernamemysticatminecraftcoderyoutubesubscribecoolyouiscool  Edit:::::::      here is the real one===>||||||Mewo cat mystical is cool i stole ligers username mysticat minecraft coder youtube subcribe cool you is cool
Is it in bedrock
6:05 Hitlar?!
mewo
Just saying,you can have a fully functioning base in the void without mods or command blocks
I am your 600k viewer
Fun fact: The video about making a cricle in minecraft was actually broadcasted on russian television on channel called "2x2"
Mojang : "Sorry the reporting system, so here's one of the best updates ever"
0:57 D I A M O N D B O L C K
It would be cool if he actually explained how to do this...
The amount of effort that goes into the video subtitles is admirable, just makes the experience even better!
The thumbnail reminded me of CraftyMasterman lol
me every time he say block people want for a long time my mind think its gonna be double slab
Can you give us some tutorials on these sort of creations please?! I've subscribed 🥺
Hi
Woah, minehut advertised this video
the things redstonners & command users can now do without using mods or anything complicated :D im so exited
mewo
Sponsoring gambling??? (pixelmon real money) 🤔📸
Thx moyeng :)
Diamond = light blue teracota ?
This is great. Now I can think of many ways vanilla could theoretically replace some pretty famous mods, or at least some of their features. The only limiting factor right now is command blocks themselves, which you have to find a way to store them. It would be tremendous if they could add a functionality to command blocks where you could actually execute more than 1 command at once, making the "programs" for these creations more compact and, perhaps, even faster
How to make the display block change size
I dont get how to play....
MYSTICALCAR
this update reminds me of terraria
Bedrock.. P-players?  hello..? Moj-mojang?
Yo Minecraft is the best game in the world better than Roblox
I have one question: how long did it take you to memorise all these commands. No way I could smh
So it pretty much the clickbait update
Minecraft is adding mods to this game, this and cherry trees :D
Can tell what is the command for the bridge please?
I legit thinked it was a joke
Bro what
5:30 now please make a roblox tycoon in minecraft? Please.
yuh
Mewo
i love how he is in creative mode and still poor🤣
Pretty lame how u have to use command blocks for this… none of this will be on survival then
stg this guys voice gets higher pitched every episode
For q&a watcha doin           And y the fliperronie your character looks like a girl not a boy in stream well just your choice                  AND pls make like bosses and send in public
what's with the graphics being so bright?
Mimic trap blocks???!!!
derpy subsricbe and its mysterycar
5:06 POV: you didn't subscribe to toycat
6:03 i love diamonds- and (/j)money printing( supposed to be a joke on your fake money, but sarcasm)
big sadge for me and my chromebook, no pixelmon for me <:(
The lego minecraft door makes waay more sense now
This is a scam it's not real I've played the newest snapshot and it doesn't contain any of that it freak I'm sorry missed a cat
I think mysterycar is better than him
Is It on XBOX PLEASEEEEEE
Make a vodo doll
I love how this won’t effect every player, but the people is does affect are so happy that everyone else is also happy :)
its funny how the dogs just died
E
Is this the 2.2 of minecraft???
Never thought I'd see a Minecraft mod team sponsor a YouTuber.
This is all cool but I'm still waiting for the bundle
From now on people will make fully working games in vanilla minecraft I bet someone will make bedwars in vanilla mc lmao
Can I get the pixelmon on bedrock?
8:04 the subtitles 💀
2:58 piston in ohio
6:31 gotta love the oot song of storms joke
Are you a furry?
there are so many undertale songs in this video ,Can your really call this a hotel i didn't receive a mint on my pillow or anything, Dating tense, Dating fight, Hotel, and yet he didnt credit toby fox
Is this real
mewo
23W06A I PLAY THAT SNAPSHOT
Suggestion: make a Minecraft Hotel with the most fiiting code thingies you used in this and invite your friends to it. No pranks or tricks, just plain service and fun. And maybe code in some npcs to use for service people?(before you ask this is all in the Minecraft game) and invite your mom too! It would be great!
mysticat, can you show me/us, how to give milk a custom effect? because since milk can delete a effect. I want something, like healing milk (regeneration for 1 minute/60 seconds.)
bro is actually shaggy
What’s the Zelda song?
elevator tutoriel?
This update gonna make doni bobes job so much easier
im new to the channel
Mewo
I thought the thumbnail was a cigarette 😂
Could you make tutorials how to make these?
This feels illegal to watch for some reason
whats the command?
The next best thing mojang could do is add this update to pocket edition somehow
is this on bedrock  asking for... me.
😅oh my god your voice is so annoying 🤦🏼‍♂️ but anywho, great content, thank you for sharing 🙏🏼
i instantly downloaded the launcher as soon as i heard mistycat backpack :D
We can finally have wall paper…
Can you make a tutorial video for all the contraptions plz
5:10 except for me. That’s cool by itself
Are you a furry?
I’m so confused if this is a joke or if this an actual update
Mumbo is crying right now
This man could create an entire new mob with just this update.
Mysti, completely off topic but I really love your voice, calms me down so much!
wait dint they just add verical slabs??
keep up the good work mysterycar i hope u have 2 sribers at the end of the year
oh good, wow, yeah this change everyting :o cant wait to see next gen minecrafters be making now!
7:10  I am so glad to see that I'm not the only one who uses custom hotbars.
I wonder how long it will take for the pixelmon mod to get a DMCA takedown from Nintendo.
I hate this. It'll ruin the game
now make Pop Mysticat in minecraft
You voice has changed 🧐
i suscrimbed to mysterycar
I do not know why you were recommended to me but I do love the choice of Ms.Pacman Maze Madness music
the elevator looked so cool :D what a great update
Will this update come to bedrock? This is amazing
0:29 Moyang 😢 😢
they just fixed all the "add _____ block" requests in one update
Just saying that the backpacks in pixelmon are only cosmetics not useable things
AYO WUT? PIXELMON GAMBLING?
What happened to your voice?
Mysti gotta lay off the helium
I'm all asking for everybody that only owns mobile devices here..... does it work on Pocket Edition
I have a question, can datapacks use this, because if that's the case, data-pack are really going to evolve
Tutorial!!!!
What snapshot is this
If only I knew how to use command blocks
Its all fun game until mojang added quantum component and computers chip to create command block
Name 1.20 dunes and ruins
At this Point Minecraft is Just a Game engine
Wait, it's all vanilla?                                                      Always has been.
hypixel gon be crazy after this update released💀💀
This update is gonna make me play Minecraft again for like 15 minutes then I'll go back to playing Team Fortress 2 because I can't figure out how to do things
you should change your youtube name to mysterycar for 12 hours
Hhhhh
Hhhhh
it would be really nice of mojang if they had a way to add collisions to the blocks
Mewo
great now i gonna troll in a few years or if this gets added to bedrock which is unlikely
That's pretty neat
Mysticat: “I made a fully functional elevator in vanilla Minecraft” Docm77: “hey, I did too! With no command blocks, in survival.”
One of the things I’m most excited for is adding vectors to entities
i love sribing
BRO I THOUGHT THE EEVEE WAS A PIKACHU 💀
I love how they didn’t want to add vertical slabs. But now we could just make vertical slabs lol
G nice
I make almost all the maps for my videos and sometimes I want to add cool features like these. This is gonna be so cool!
I just found out that Finn from Adventure time died 😭😭😭😭😭😭
w h a t .
Fun fact dirt slabs were once a thing
Why no shadows though?
please publish it for free                  🥺                🙏
I got your backpack
light blue wool not diamonds 💀
Looks So sick from the thumbnail!
The funny thing that I can't even buy Minecraft to play it moded
This is even better than vertical slab
Except lines of. The drawbridge
This is ez u can do it with the mod called “create”
What do you mean sponsored by Pixelmon ?? They do sponsorships now ??
This is a very good update for data packs
I suscrimbe to mysterycar since he only has 1 sriber :(
Mew
yaes
Next can we get a video on the update without commands?
mewooo
Maybe this is what that crafting table plus furnace in the Mc yt outro was leading to...
Even tho it's only an 8 min vid, it is worth watching. Pls keep making more videos like this 🙂🙂
:O woahhhh how da new update its been a day!
Mewo
yea
I wish I could get these features for my minecraft server, but sadly I cannot upgrade it from spigot 1.16 to spigot 1.19, so I’m basically stuck in the nether update forever ♾️
How do you get the GUI colors
I now have an idea for the name; "The Community Update" 😁
That was the quickest sponsor ever!
Min. 0:57 minecraft 4D? 😲
He had wool instead of diamonds
Which update is this?
0:34 the interaction entity is the best
Never Forget to subscribe to Mysticat  because he spends many hours of his life to make content for us.
All the things possible
this is very good, ima sub :D
Since when did sugar come from seeds?
This update is looking like minecraft in Ohio
mewo
STILL can't get around mysticat saying "MOYANG💀
Imagine the potential this has on datapacks
mewoCheer
As a bedrock player, I'm punching air rn
When IM see back of you at the dessert.... Im see redstone 💀
Minutes ago but is Roblox pls/username/
did yall know mysticat is trans
How do I make that elevator?
“Moyang” 💀
no way thats real. Is it just command blocks?
costume adventure maps just got an upgrade
mewo
I love this channel
mewo
I wish this was also in Bedrock&Java edition :')
This is not minecraft anymore this is now *FUTURECRAFT*
Nice video blue wool is better than diamonds 😁
mewo
yoo that's so cool
Looks kinda cheesy but nice👍
mewo
pixelmon is back after years
meow
I want to see a diversity map with these new commands
Finally! A update for mapmakers!! This will open so much doors to famous mapmakers.. you dont even know it..
mewo
Create mod:  Am I a joke to you?
7:35 "I said the real diamond ring." "Perfection."
hell nah did mojang add this 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀
4:46  😢
wow，soooooooo cool
1:54 This coool I have been looking a way on how to put a carpet under the water so I can have another color only on a side of a box but havent found any, Im new to minecraft btw
I'm glad you used dating fight, it's a banger
I feel like the average player would be uneffected, but for mapmakers, this will change the game forever
How many undertale soundtracks can you slam into my ears in one video
suse
Make a tutorial for the laser door
Seeing pixlemon sponsor people makes me very happy.
Is this a real update??
i love this channel
4:46  The pig:wait I'm stuck The pig:did you do this Mysticat:i think he want to go up another floor
W
What is the command for the display block entity?
5:30, bro died in creative mode💀
can anyone tell me the name of the music at 6:29 ?
Wow! I can get minecraft for soon bc it haves a update since i wait for years and months- :-:
Omg that grass scretched block actoually real 😮😮😮😮😮🥶
Is it me or the piston in the thumbnail looks like a Duracell battery
Finally ur back bro
You sound like Shaggy.
Is this for Xbox?
How did you give the silly blocks collision like the drawbridge?
i subscribed, is the offer for a cookie still available?
(John 3:16,17) "For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believes in Him should not perish, but should have eternal life. For God did not send His Son into the world to condemn the world, but that the world might be saved through Him." (Romans 10:9,10) "That if you confess with your mouth the Lord Jesus and believe in your that God has raised Him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. For with the heart, man believeth unto righteousness and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation."
don't forget to suscrimbe guys
People who think this is a prank 👇
I love milling seeds to produce sugar
real minecraft ?
1.20 THE MYSTICAT UPDATE
I am very excited for the amazing things you can make
Literally just the Create mod but in Vanilla
mewo
i genuinely got so persuaded by mysti to download pixelmon that i not only did that i forgot to watch the rest of this video until hours later after i had played on the server for a while
it looks like mineimator but actually in minecraft(mineimator is the software i use to animate)
That was the fastest ad I have ever seen. Oh nevermind 🙁
Minecraft's The Hottest Update Ever
Minecraft: Clickbait Thumbnail Creator Edition
Mysti's voice will eventually grow too high for us mortals to comprehend It's great
Create mod: Am I a joke to you?
that scene at the end tho xD
mysticat wears programming socks for sure LOOK HOW WELL THEY CODE
3:00 NOOOOOOOOOOOO NOT THE DOGS john wick: did someone say dogs
I don’t have a pc
I'm no expert and have little command block experience, but I don't know if you can test for collision, but can one make an elevator like that by testing for collision with the display with the elevator tag and only apply the levitation then? I presume you are using the levitation for a fixed amount of time now.
Why do you do not share command
I'm yet to see a minecraft youtube aknowledge the high contrast UI as an accesibility option and not "le epic cool dark mode 80's neon skin!!!!11!!11"
Allways a great day when Mysty posts a video!
GD players with 2.2 feel the same
mimbsterycar is the best minceRaft youtubist
I will utilize these commands in my world!
1:00 I think it has inverted the normals.
Minecraft in Ohio
Technoblade didn't want to ride the elevator  Rip legend
Consider where your soul will spend eternity, heaven or hell.  You don’t want to end up in hell because you rejected the Sacrifice Jesus has made all who repent and turn to him by faith.  We are all guilty of sin.  We lie, steal and look with lust in our hearts.  We are all Guilty before a Holy and Righteous God.  GOD is not just all loving and overlook your sin.  He is loving but sin He will Judge because He is Perfectly good. The Good news is God the Father sent His Son Jesus Christ who was perfectly Holy to pay the penalty for your and my sin out of Love for us.  We can’t keep the Law we break most all commandments.  But Jesus fulfilled ALL by his perfect thoughts, words, deeds and motives for us because we could not. Jesus loved all humans and God the Father perfectly.  Turn, repent of your sin and confess Your thankfulness for what Jesus did for you.  Put your faith in the perfection and the righteousness of Christ.  Jesus was raised from death to give you new life; death has been defeated. Out of love and grace eternal life is promised to those who have faith                    ,/............ ,/. ,./ ,
how did you add smooth collision (as in you don't get teleported up one block, wait another second, teleport up another block, you just smoothly move up)??
Love
bro, not safe has literally become vanilla
That Mysticat backpack is pretty cool
No way this is vanilla
mewo
I hope this is not in survival it’s just to much
4:45 Bro really said spider pig
I’m new here, this guy sounds like a young Jack Horner from the new puss movie. I like it, subbed:)
Epic
There’s actually someone who’s re-creating the breath of wild map in vanilla Minecraft and someone else making it down to pack for breath wild do you think you can make a tower rise out of the ground?
1:00 bro actually just created a tesseract in vanilla Minecraft wtf💀
Haha, minecraft bedrock wont get this for 20 years
mewo
Heh nice
Off topic but, love the use of Undertale music
Your fanilly back
Is this also on bedrock?
Hopefully it’ll be on bedrock😅
the most exciting thing for us is definitely the Interaction entity
And on bedrock. Nothing
Combine this with the Create mod and you've got insane potential 😮. Edit: Never mind, Create does it better because those things are possible in survival.
They just making create in vanilla lol
that diamond block is THE biggest bird
1:00:00 got me 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Will this be on bedrock?
you didn't use the "clickbait" thumbnail D:
Doing that talk about how we keep saying mowing not hating by the wy
It's so important that you come to Jesus(God's Son)now, believe and repent. The stage is being set for the antichrist to come in and fix everything,then he'll deceive all. The kingdom of God is at hand. He who hears my word and believes in him who sent me will have eternal life.John5:24. Love y'all
I cant wait for Mysticat to make a horror map or something for his friends with all the new things you can do :DDDD
Nice also...You can Say ñ? XDDDD
Tinted glass?
Why do the blocks look so light like they are an entity made entirely from command blocks like those Battle videos from 2016 by Popularmmos
What’s bad is I recognize a item from the create mod 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Where`s the wiki about block model?
So did your voice change? 🤣🤣🤣
where is my cookie waa waa no cookie
Love the vid
Ohio craft be like
NEGATIVE BLOK BABY LOL
This is amazing! Only problem with it is that there is no syntax so you have to figure out yourself. Anyway, could you please make a tutorial or show some of the commands?
8:00 the end
i like it but it takes away from red stone people like you and others
"puts some dogs there,"
🤓
This is so cool 😮
Is it real?
This is without a doubt the coolest update yet command block builds have improved tremendously
You are the Mumbo Jumbo of command blocks
YESSS dude as soon as I saw this update, I was so excited to see videos showcasing its potential because I just _knew_ it was immense! I mean, I have a pretty simple thing in one of my maps where I use a lot of fallingsand blocks to bypass the grid alignment. Thing is, I'm always paranoid about them just dying out of nowhere! Apperantly they can live for ~3 years, but still. So literally just replacing those with these will bring me some peace of mind. I also hate fiddling with armor stands. Like, you have to use the coordinates of the armor stand rather than the coordinates of the thing it's being used to display, which can get so confusing and frustrating. With this, the positioning is actually intuitive! I can't wait to start messing around with this. Do you think you'll do one of those command books like the one you did for fallingsand/shulkers in the void building video, but for these new display entities?
also could you provide map downloads?
im only confused how you got the items to look like crops
*me waiting for rickroll*
They need to add a multicommand block that can store and execute multiple things at once
It’s not what I think it is in the thumbnail Is that… A CIGARETTE/CIGAR?
Why has bros voice changed
mewo
i saw the fullmetal alchemist poster in the pixelmon trailer
Bro had me at elevator
Mojang just made a command create mod
Fake
The editor is ELITE for adding song of storms 😂😂
mewo
2:38 “Take that automatic farm YouTubers”. As a YouTuber who has made an automatic farm video I’m offended!! (jk lol)
yay we can make wallpaper now
Meow
Is there someplace that has all of the commands? because I cannot seem to figure out how it works.
That’s cool hope the add stuff like that in Bedrock edition stuff from vanilla! Cause Vanilla gets all the cool stuff and Stuff we can’t do on bedrock but side ther! That’s was a a good amazing video!
Alternate title exploring Minecraft’s clickbait update
wait this is real?
Wow. We can finally make double slabs with 2 different blocks without glitches!
The only one thing I don't understand is how do you make it solid. You are making the block to be an entity, that means, that you can walk through it, so how does it push you or how can you stand on it? I know, that previously you needed to spawn a shulker inside the falling sand to make it solid, but I don't understand, how does it work now.
basically playing ohio minecraft in a different state
Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaa my head hurtss
they literally made the create mod canon
That pixelmon ad. I've never thought i would see etho holding a wartortle and a sussy creeper crawls near
What I picture your job if YouTube didn't work out for you is an actor that is very famous.
if they gave them collision OH BOY
mewo
Bedrock or java?
Can i play pixelmon on pocket edition?
0:48 vertical slab
1:09 monofilament diamond gang.
I thought the thumbnail was a cigarette
Uhoh.  Pixelmon about to get nuked again.
How long before this video becomes Mysti’s channel trailer? 😂
I swear Mysticat is from Salt lake city
honestly, 1.20 has been redeemed for me, at the very least
Remind me to make a Japanese minka house when the blossom biome comes out guys 😊
I feel like at this point they’re just releasing things in order to discredit the existing mods available.
How is this venilla
the create mod devs are going to love this ( and other mod devs )
do a face
Moyang 💀
I feel like they’ve added create mod to vanilla lol
"mysterycar"
This is the first video i see and i subscribed
7:02 Your voice :)
Ssslyotir bedrock
6:48 Open the Noor
I realy like you. You have a great feel around you. Thanks for all of the vedios.
missed opportunity to feature that custom damage source command on the laser door, cool video tho
This comment will be pinned and liked
Is this a joke lol?
*Long Piston.* Also is this snapshot out already? This is amazing!
Bro really show us the sticky piston the the thumbnail. Respect ☕🗿
My brain hurts
U uploaded when I was at school just got home
Watch mojang remove this because some people can't understand it (Minecraft has to be realistic)
I have no idea how to use command blocks but I so baldly wanna know how to do this so I can make my undertale build so much better. I decided to build all of the underground
Thumbnail looks like a battery
this isn't Minecraft anymore...
Hey Mysticat can you please do a tutorial on the elevator, its so cool, btw I love your videos!
MineCat
1:53 CHEAT IN A BUILD COMPETITION
2:26 what is this, the mystical agriculture mod?
Yeah those are totally diamonds ( definitely not light blue wool )
What are the commands for the elevator (I don't like using a tp command and going there in an instant lmao)
Is this for Bedrock or Java edition Sorry kind of a noob for Minecraft facts
I think the pig was flying because he had a glich….😢
5:50 mumbo beat you to it
Now we can finally have half everything
The derpy Pikachu was so cute
He did say there was no mods in this video. 5. minutes later: Pixelmon is a minecraft mod
Man I remember pixlemon. It was really fun. Nice to know you got sponsored by them!
Make some sort of animation with this. That would be cool.
Wait you can’t get command blocks in survival
Bro imagine if this was real
eh furry
Is there mods? No can you do any of this in survival or any other game mod? No
please make a tutorial in this
How do u have the black settings menu?
It’s Mojang not Moyang
What’s your roblox user
mewo :3
This update feels modded
Nonono why did you have to remind me of the endrod sticky piston
I hope this revives adventure maps I really miss them
and kakashi XD
4:14 WHY ARE THE BUTTONS DIFFERENT COLORS THAN USUAL
someone tell me if pixelmon has team plasma and/or neo-plasma costumes. if it doesn’t, i’m not downloading it
4:14 WHY ARE THE BUTTONS DIFFERENT COLORS THAN USUAL
You lied 🤥 about the mod stuff
Can pixelmon work for bedrock mobile?
4:45
we can make dirt slabs
When Mysticat uploads you know it’s a great day
mewo
NO... you killed DOGS
M E W O
You should make a tutorial for this
Pixelmon mod doesnt have a launcher or real moneyprizes its just a single mod
HE GOT DIRT SLABS THAT WAS NOT EVEN PUT IN THE GAME
Mysticat has gained unlimited power
Don’t get the pixelmon he linked in pretty sure it’s not pixelmon reforged which I swear by
Can u do this in bedrock
The windmill is just the create mod
Does anyone know the music he used?
I love pixelmon glad you got sponsored by them!
can you run across the bridge while its closeing? 7:09
Thanks for video. From the begging I knew those display entities have great potential
Mysticat just turned cursed minecraft thumbnails into reality
I love your videos keep going
+ this video is 😎 cool
can you please make a tutorial on how to use this command? -love your content
Did you give it collision using barrier blocks or is there a command.
That isn’t pixelmon.
:o
i has suscrimbe d
mewo! we get a little silly :3
Can you make cars   Can you make cars *easily*
I read the description. mewo
This is absolutely insane, more powerful than using armor stands and/or invisible mobs for "small blocks" and you'll likely be able to make large scale moving structures without a NASA supercomputer
You don't NEED all those commands blocks for that elevator just make them l o n g for extra storage
Imagine being Mumbo jumbo and needing mods to do the clickbait thumbnail
show this to your boyfriend :troll:
Wait, for real?
Minecraft has changed for better or worse... Everything feels cursed
‘Minecraft In Ohio’ Videos About To Get Real
Yey new video
how did you play in mincraft you remove all fliles
Fellow individual got a sponsership from pixelmon O_O
please make part 2 this is so cool
Bwomp
Mysticat:  new upload  Mojang: *nervous sweating*
The phenomenon you saw with the negative size is a side effect of backface culling. To put it simply, all faces on 3D models have normals, which is the way they're facing. A backface is the side of a face you see when the normal isn't facing you. Backface culling is used in a lot of games and prevents the rendering of backfaces, thus the weird opposite cube. This, of course, isn't really meant to be seen, but it's just the result of having a model with the normals facing inside and the backfaces facing outside. It's actually in virtually anything that has backface culling, from Blender (If you enable it) to Unity.
I look forward to seeing what other things can be done with this, it's pretty cool!
4:44 spiderpig
Noice
3:00 how dare you
They stole this minecraft from ohio
How am i supposes to tell wich video is the clickbait????
the next project is making a giant world, where every 1 block is actually 3x3x3 blocks
2:01 this is the best for those clickbaity YouTube thumbnails
you added dem owner only doors 5:22
Somehow, your windmill is more frame-stable than Artazon's....
Nice
Minecraft in Ohio
I cant believe people don't know what pixelmon is You know what, like I should talk. My class started yelling at me when I didn't know who Jay z was. It was a lesson about allusions or something
3:31 Thanks for reminding me, I need to watch Ethos Pixelmon series again.
can you like... maybe teach us this stuff? i'd really like it!
Is it on Xbox java?
Hi
If Minecraft wont add them… *im gonna make dirt slabs with commands*
you can now make 1 way glass
I want him to call me a good boy:) (dont frigin judge me i just like his voice 😤)
me: **sees vid** also me: INVEST!
I thought the thumbnail was a cigarette
Woah
Nitendo lawsuit incoming XD
There are absolutely no mods in this video!  ... The video is sponsored by a mod.
Why is your voice so high pitched? It used to be lower, it seems forced...
The bit at 5:45 i thorough it was impossible ive only heard Legends about it 🤯
On xbox me and my mate made working morphing via bedrock commands by when you name a dog it will continuously tp it to you while your In spectator but it lags alot
All mysti has to do now is make a video about how to use the commands for us command newbies 😂
The stretched blocks hurt my soul in every way aaaaaaaaa
Piston cigarettes are now a thing and i don't know how to feel about it
Mysterycar
If they add collision boxes to these... (I really wish I could put the "ooohf" I'm thinking in my head.)
Oh...ok
this guy sounds like shaggy
Hello mysticat I am spanish and I love your videos and your videos make my day beter!
This is awesome
Mumbo made the thumbnail first lol
I came back from school.. to THIS?!?   MYSTICAT HOW ARE YOU SO GOOD AT THIS LIKE I KNEW THIS SNAPSHOT WAS A THING BUT I DIDNT REALIZE THE POTENTIAL TIME TO SEND THIS TO A TON OF MINECRAFT FRIENDS LMAO
What commands did he use?
Minecraft in Ohio 💀
PIXELMON SUX
How about a sphere in Vanilla Minecraft?
Yes your rich from wool
I straight up thought that was a battery on the thumbnail for a second.
VERTICAL FRICKEN SLABS
How had pixelmon not beem sued be nintendo yet
6:30 could someone give me a link to this song?
Wow pistons can do that This update is cool
As a datapack creator, my excitement for this update is immeasurable! Thank you Mojang. And thank you Mysticat for inspiration and knowledge of commands!
These limitless possibilities almost make me feel bad for map makers who poured their hearts into making incredible designs without the use of these blocks, because their works are just inferior to what you can do now.  But thinking further down that rabbit hole... Minecraft is rather iconic and originally known for having very specific mechanics revolving around stiff, uniform blocks. Now that we can just bypass squares and make any sort of slanted and stretched shapes we want... Does that ruin what made Minecraft so unique? I'd like to hear what you have to say.
Looks cool
Ooh
Is this a dream? Or is this real
undertale music yay
the create mod has now been deemed useless! trains are still a thing ofc
when all hope was lost he came back.
Finally awesome doors possibilities !!
Your voice sounds like space core and that's a compliment
Anyone in any platform could do this and mind you without needs for everyone to have the same mods... Incredible
Mysty is finally uploading again!
I wonder if you can grow mobs and stretch them in this update🤔😏😐🫥✨
wtf wheat produces flower you jerk
wow
Does this work on Bedrock?
It wont let me delete the pixelmon setup without making it administrator and my laptop security says its unsafe and bad for me. Should I be concerned?
.
Wait, you can be sponsored by a Minecraft mod?
MISTICALLLLLLL
join my minecraft realm 6t_9bwPwaKw
5:47 Mumbo did it first!
How is this video mixing cursed and awesome at the same time
mumbo will be way hing this over and over again    he love doors   watching*
Mewo
This update made me really excited. I can imagine how stupid things will we do with my cousing by these commands
what is wrong with your voice? you bit your lip or something?
Is the ‘moyang ‘ because f phoenix sc
If u showed this to minecraft players from 2 years ago they would not belive u
I love that mysticat is finally uploading again!
if this is in bedrock ...          ima do some stuff                    very bad stuff             COMUNISU-
It's like Minecraft create
Curious to see what would have happened if you blew up the tnt diamond
i genuinely cant tell if this is is a joke video using a mob or if this is real but regardless its incredibly cool
this is sooooooooooooo cool! i really adore the hidden messages, so funny XD
Wait hold on! Pixelmon is still a thing? I haven't heard about it since 1.6.4
I was enjoying the vid till he killed the wolfs for reason , so yea that made want to leave a dislike just for that reason
Mystys favorite update, where he can destroy Minecraft in a new way
Super cursed looking, but still cool
ohio
you are 1 video off from 100 videos!
3:01 instant subscribe  respect for killing that dog
pixelmon is gambling
this has so much potential!
They just added vertical slabs without adding vertical slabs
You can i please i have a minecraft account?
Wait so do they have collisions or not????
Ngl I thought the thumbnail was a Duracell battery and the green was the "+" side.
WE NEED A WORLD DOWNLOAD!
awesome
Co
I love you so much
U should make so u extend turtles
I LOVE THE DARK THEME UI
774th Comment
Wait they still update pixelmon?
Claim your i saw the video within the 1st hour tickets here
Jenny mod gonna be fire on this update
i maybe have sent u mesage on planet minecarft  maybe
Where is my cookies?
The excitement is palpable :D
We can turn millions of mods into vanilla minecraft stuff.
@Mysticat Mewo merch plz
2:50 Not good news for these poor Minecraft sheeps
Ur voice is cute :3
i love it. I just love it.
Now I want to see an SMP but people can craft and use command blocks.
I love you mysticat
Can someone help me   You have like this Grafik setting that makes the game so smooth is it the fabulous setting
you... killed... the... doggys...
You should make a flying machine suing the five block piston lol
the pixelmon isnt working, how do I fix it?
I can’t be the only one who thought the stretched piston looked like a cigarette 🥲
mewo
At first I was like "RIP Create mod", but on second thought if they can use this in the 1.20 version that should improve performance, make their codebase simpler and probably give space for more features - and of course you can use Create in survival. So it's probably a win-win.
5:44 so much for Mumbo Jumbo making it using the create mod in his recent video the other day, you can just do it in vanilla minecraft instead.
Please do not call it a half-slab... it's just a slab, dude.
Nice
I think your house is on fire.
5:30 You don't need to use /kill anymore, you can now deal damage of any type to any entity so you can say "burned to death" instead of "fell out of the world" when a perpetrator walks into the laser.
Create
"I think he wanted to go up another floor" 💀💀💀  The ultimate mysticat update, truly
I so want that windmill
731st
mewo
kwipla is in game
create a giant tnt and explode it
I don’t understand commands but this is sick
i saw a player in 6:26
The video has 69K views lol
COOLNESS OF THE VIDEO ASIDE...  I got so confused when you started playing the Skyward Sword music at the end of the video because I'm literally watching this on my laptop while playing Skyward Sword on the switch :'D
so good i wish i could double sub
nice
What if I don’t consider command blocks vanilla >_>
Is this on the realms for bedrock edition xbox x?
seed = sugar yes💀
finaly no more clickbait
5:45 I understand why you said it was a clickbait thumbnail thing but you can actually download it as a mod
Ah my favourite Pokémon characters: Kakashi and AMONG US
I dont like the new style of content ngl, i dont like how you soften your voice honestly, its still cool i just prefer the older style of content
Hi Mysticat, can you put a download link for this world to the desceiption? 😎 (its the best update ever
Bro pleaaase switch back to your normal voice your content appealing voice is annoying asf
Mewo
mewo
Risky accepting a pokemon mod and have a chance to get sued
The windmill looks some german
0:44 half slab 💀
cool
Moyang?
Mo- what?
This update is blowing my mind more and more with every passing second. It's absolutely huge!
czarna wdowa-jeśli to przeczytałeś to w ciągu 24 godz. czarna wdowa wejdzie do twojego pokoju i wciągnie cię pod ziemie i ukradnie twoją dusze.Jeśli nie wierzysz to uwierz bo zagineło w ten sposób 86 osób.Jak chcesz tego uniknąć to wklej to do 8 komentarzy, masz na to 20 min. inaczej nigdy nie zobaczysz już twoich bliskich.
HOW IS THIS VIDEO SPONSORED BY PIXELMON
Minecraft has the most active modding scene of any game, but its also one of few games who make modding accessable to players without a java coding background. With every update, the posibilities are expanding. It is truely an amazing sandbox game.
where is the server link
Mewo  This kinda curesd ngl xD also where is the pixelmon link cant find it ree
i want a cat backpack
I wonder why are people not talking about his voice changing
the clickbait door.... hehe didin't mumbo jumbo just do this with create mod. SILLY CAT
There is no pixelmon link
Minecraft is definitely going to hit home with this update. They have blown my mind with this new update. As they've said before: the only limit is your imagination
wtf happened to your voice ?!
the pig lol
People playground in minecraft
where is the pixelmon link?
mewo :3
That drawbridge in the intro reminds me of how "Minecraft monster school"-animations are animated. I guess it's fair to say you can make animations in vanilla Minecraft now, without having to edit much or at all.
Mewo :3
Mewo
Bro u havent uploaded in ages
brutha no offense but your voice lowkey infuriates me
how to download the pixelmon mod?
Mysticat: Take that, autofarm youtubers!  Mysticats old videos are all autofarm videos.
i liked the part where he forgot to put the sponsor in the description
Love the playing of fur elise, one of the most beautiful and sorrowful songs ever made
Why is your lighting so weird or is it just me?
Who was that guy
mewo"
Show us how to make it pls
Im Very Exited To See All The Awesome Tutorials Mysticat Is Going To Come Up With To Show Us All! Amazing Video And Fantastic Experience With Commands. :D
Show us
You need to show us how to make the elevator
Loved the nod to the greatest game ever! Du du duu, du du duu, du dududu
Thank you for this amazing video Mysterycar, i would sumscrimbe right now but i already did it a long time ago
Thats so hilarious!!!
bro thta s just like roblox
its mojang not moyang
Vertical piston woke up the internal trauma from watching PhoenixSC videos
How do I do those??
5:55 Best Part XD
I love how are you and Mumbo jumbo both just made the clickbait door for real. You using commands and him the create mod
It was so cursed when he planted a TNT seed
He forgor the pixelmon link lol
The clickbait Minecraft thumbnail is real now! Amazing!
NO MORE CLICKBAIT YIPEEEEEEEE
Okay for a second I thought that was a cigarette in the thumbnail.
java?
you dident put the link to pixel mon in the desc...
why is your ingame lighting so weird looking?
no pixelmon link in the description?
huh
minecraft beat geometry dash to the 2.2 update.
Yo, Musticat! I love ur vids! Could you shot me out? I will do ANYTHING YOU WANT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! also, mewo.:3  Keep it up!😁
People like you are scary
Very high quality content mysty
whys mysticat a femboy
Can you please make tutorials on these things
Attention everyone!!! Suscrimbe to mystercar! He has only 1 sriber!
5:56 Mumbo just did it in his last video, but with create mod
this update is a map makers dream
THIS UPDATE GOATED
1:00 it's gay baby jail.
Question does the pixelmon mod work on xbox?
Hah wow rhays was coo l
Never seen any more fake Minecraft news in my life
The object in the thumbnail kinda looks like a cigarette
is pixelmon even legal
Hallo
Can you make a Tutorial please
MumboJumbo should see this with his new video about clickbate tumbnales
W update lmao
THIS IS THE GREATEST UPD8 MOJANG HAS EVER MADE!!!  now watch me delete all of their hard work! ^o^ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M1TgX_8M97k  EDIT: the world download is now up on the patreon :D
bro sounds like infant shaggy
I'm just gonna say this - How does a non-official pokémon mod get away with monetizing... let alone sponsoring a creator? That seems shady at best.
That’s a cool video ever!
bruh what happened to your voice
Oooh they made a whole launcher
Blokc
Just Realized... It's Command Blocks EVERYWHERE!
i love that the sponsor part is short
Can you make tutorial of this commands plz
4:48 ☹️
The level of happiness and pure excitement that Mysticat presents in his videos always makes me smile <3
I hope that someone backports this to any older version so people can use this awesome feature without having to deal with chat reporting
ohio minecraft 💀
Turn on smooth lighting bruh
Wait pixelmon sponsor.. Isn't like unallowed? Due to copyright issue with Nintendo. Anyway lotta pokemon related sponsorship lately. I mean it in YouTube in general.
Are tall piston duplication giltches?!
The dreams of the 'cursed Minecraft shorts' creators is turned into reality
This doesn’t feel possible
why is your ambient occlusion turned off it looks so much worse?
Woah.... Makes me want to play minecraft again.
We finally got that secret dirt passageway into underground Clickbait Thumbnail.
Does this work on bedrock?
So i heard if i say a youtubers name 3 times i will get pinned! Mysticat Mysticat Mysticat  I'm not a bot.
Mewo
0:19: voice crack
This udte is suer cool
I am convinced, you secretly work for Mojang as a QA beta tester
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooook cool
Hive bedrock has elevator and that laser thing that kills. Idk how they did it but yeah....
for the drawbridge, could you hide/mask the target block as something else so that it cpuld be fully hidden and only people who know where it is know how to open the bridge?
I'd love a tutorial on how to use those things!
bro yor voice is dieing
the splat noise is a hilarious reference to deltarune lol
“The click bait thumbnail is no longer click bait!” Mumbo Jumbo: Oh.
Wth happened with your voice, dude? Haven't watched your videos in a while and had to turn it off. Please go back to your normal speaking voice.
How did you get your minecraft to look like that. It looks like the shading or lighting looks different than mine.
Oh yes I will suscrimbe 😂
Also minecraft added iron golem spawn eggs and snow golem
This will be perfect for the Minecraft in ohio videos
The create mod: you fool I’m 1000 universes a head of you!
Extra Nice 🤍💙💙🤍
6:57 that would be so cool to use in servers, but it would be too obvious because everyone can see the target block. Still like it.
minecraft laser doors have existed in mods like before version 1.7 but finally can make mod stuff on my own nice  also now make a multi-floor elevator with that
I wonder when Mumbo is making his next door with this update
It's just the "Minecraft's Coolest Update Ever!"
i wish you told us the comands                                                                       mewo
The song of storms bit was amazing. As a Zelda fan myself, I thoroughly enjoyed it.
Is it April 1'st?
2:59 you monster
mewo
hi
I’ve been expecting the pig in my penthouse suite apartment for the past hour, is he alright?
mewo
This will simplify [REDACTED] grinders
J
5:46 @mumbojumbo
This looks amazing this just might bring me back to Minecraft                   Mewo
What Version is this??? Java? Bedrock? Both?
too bad my pc is too underpowered to player versions past 1.16.5
They just want people to go past 1.18.2 I got an easy fix for ya Mojang. Discard your broken chat report and people might be willing to try it.
They kinda added the create mod in the vanilla game.
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh
PLEASE make a tutorial on how to use these commands!! The possibility’s….
Why bedrock dont has that
How to get that snapshott? Btw cool vid ALSO 1 HOUR AGO? JEEZ!!
mewo :3
NEWER WII SOUNDTRACK!!!!!!!!!
pixelmon is really a awsome mod but to big for my laptop XD
Someone needs to make a tutorial 😭
i watched this video while eating cereal
id this update on mobile and which update is this
Is this a mod? (I haven't played Minecraft in a while) it seems almost too good to be true.
Is this available in bedrock?
Lul
how do i get the dark theme???
Pls make tutorial
Mapmakers bout' to be going crazy yoooooo
Ok listen I do think that Pixelmon and other fan projects are cool but I think a line should be drawn at the point it becomes a full business that even does sponsorships
I think you should've used invisible shulkers instead of the levitation
And cooler update
I feel like this update will be so underrated!
No way! when I saw the update first I was like "Oh this is cool..." and forgot about it, but this video truly showcases all the uses of the block entity Moreover, there are also new commands such as damage which would also greatly help mapmakers
amazin  😮
which snapshot is the vidio in???????
Damn that Kate can code!!
make star wars with this update
Can you make a tutorial how to make a elevator in the snapshot?
You know what this means? S I D E   S L A B S
Finaly back
mewo
"it produces some sugar" uh i think that's not what a normal windmill does
Could you do a tutorial on how you did the pistons and other collision based stuff like the elevator? I understand the ghost block, but i dont understant the elevator slow mooving floor thingy.
This isn't even minecraft anymore
0:25 bro is so bad at advertising stuff... i mean u should explain it and stuff... but u didnt and just say that ur sponsored... and thats all                 ok never mind on that he says it at 3:24... i thougted first that he is bad at advertising because he didnt say "but we will talk about that later" or something
You people IM THE POLICE AND COMMETING IS AGAINST THE LAW!
i hope this gets added to bedrock too!
Hey You people are stupid I wish you would beat me at my game! Do it
I watch all your videos! I'd very much like to be able to download this world!!  meow :)
So cursed minecraft isn't cursed anymore it's a feature now
Interaction entities also change the game
I'm not following your rules Your not the police!
Shout out
Do it FACE MEEEEEEE
Fight ME LIKE A PERSON
I can't tell you how I w mad I am at you!! ALSO PLAY BEDROVK EDITION ON MY REALMS SERVER DO IT 1V1 ME THIS INSTANT
Mysticat ur under arrest for making sponsers!
HEYY SHUT UP IM MAKING Rnts
what mental illness does to your voice
Create mod just got executed
ur cute
This really brings infinite creative possibilities to Minecraft and I love it
Oh um mysticat? Your diamond chest IS WOOL WHERES THE REAL STUFF HMMM?
How. How did a unlicensed Pokémon mod of Minecraft make enough money to sponsor a YouTuber? Wtf?
Yay I like your content
1:19 yo i want that its sick
So umm I just clicked a random video and now I’m satisfied
Can't believe Mysterycar has only 1 sriber, you're super underrated
This looks cool
how do you do right cick detection in all your datapacks?
But does it work with structures and if yes can you interact with them is my question
but like these don't actually count because like, how the hell am i supposed to do this
mysticat good vid but my antivirus said pixelmon is  a virus for some reason
Oh goody that’s amazing
I don’t even have any words! This is amazing!
RIP Create mod
0:55 What's an inverted end gateway like?
Mysticat, your videos fill me with joy.  I am just as excited for the update and wanting people to grasp what is coming and you nailed it, no need for me to make a video now lol
Can you make one-sided glass with this?
It wout be cool if you show us how to do some of this stuff
Hi
Display entites are a godsent for map makers   THEYRE ALSO WAY LESS LAGGY THEN ARMOR STANDS
The first thing my mind went to when i saw the titel *BULLET*
eee
The best update ever
Nice Undertale music! I like it!
Command updates are always nice
Where is the description
1:40 what are the commands required
i would have never guessed that the roblox game ive been playing for a month now would be briefly shown at 5:27
do you need to manualy have colision
I love how mysticat has actually spent robux on a Roblox account for the mysticat skin in roblox-
wtf
3:00 They were so casual about it 😂
2:35 YouTube thumbnails be like:
6:03 that is wool.
How is Pixelmon legally allowed to operate?
Origin realms kinda beat you to the windmill
0:48 "Diamond Block Vertical Half Slab"  - Mysticat
Mysticat after making sugar from wheat seeds: *chmistri*
This is all cool, but I can't rightly say this is Minecraft anymore. It kinda looks like Minecraft, but it's so far gone from the simple mechanics Minecraft was built on that it's mechanically unrecognizable. The fun of Minecraft was making all this stuff out of simple components. If you can make incredibly complex components that do everything all at once, what's the point of playing anymore?
If this gets added to bedrock It would of been great... IF THEY DID NOT MAKE THE EXECUTE COMMAND CONFUSING, I GOT THE HANG OF IT, BUT IT CHANGED NOT LONG AFTER
I can't get clickbaited again
Bro mapmakers gonna be making maps so much better
wtf?!
Im suscrimbed to mysterycar
The display block is honestly awesome
I NEED THE COMMANDS!!
Humour
minecraft 1.20 the content creation update
yes very cool
how would a sponsor make his video possible if ur just playing minecraft
He is better than Fundy no cap
6:26 who’s that
Half slab smh It is called just "slab"
Oh man, I'm sorry, but this dude's voice is like a cheese grater.
Ok but bedrock custom npc are still pretty cool.
Looooooooooooooooooooooooong :)
1.19.4 is Mysticat update it's official !
WOW you can do so much stuff now In Minecraft
Things like windmills and longer pistons have been available in mods for years, usually more easily than setting up command blocks. It's great to see Mojang taking steps in this direction, but a way to create these sorts of things without command blocks would be even better, so that they're more accessible to average players. In the meantime, I guess players who don't want to use mods have the option of downloading worlds from people who know how to set up the command blocks.
[1:14] Spyglass
2:36 hahaha squidward!!
Is there a clip or video for the drawbridge?
is that java or bedrock?
I wanna see full polygonal models made with this.  Cmon, I wanna see a minecraft port of quake.
dear lord, it has collisions...
Is there a video or place I can find to create and use this? I have looked everywhere and nobody shows how to do it! 😔
I do not like the video😖
Minecraft is finally updating stuff for mapmakers!
mysticat i tried downloading pixelmon launcher but it said i needed java 8 and i had the latest version of java
i love this
Is this only for Java? I would be very sad if it is because I play on Bedrock Edition.
Would u mind teach me how to de-obfuscate codes?:>
minecraft is becoming not minecraft
You are insane! Love it!
Hello there
I can see Diversity 4 coming
hi
OMG
hi mysti, i just wanted to say i love your videos and you helped me come out as trans
mewo (i saw it again)
I'm interested in the collision, how does it work?
mewo btw can you do a tutorial on how to do stuff like this? Would be very nice because I am planning on doing a massive project and I am the guy that is doing all of the crazy stuff and I want to do some stuff that came into my mind when seeing this video so please make a tutorial on how to do the click detection , animations, etc. Would be nice! btw Great video keep it up
best update 100%
reheheehehehehehe
That's as vanilla as mods.
this is so poggers
hi
This can help with mod making? Because if yes, then people could create vainilla-looking mods and more mechanics in an easier way, like for example the dropping bridge? because that's really exciting
Why did my Antivirus said that the link to pixelmon is dangerous ??
Would be cool to finally see very good horror maps, because IT'S AMAZING FUNCTIONS
:3
e
I saw that ui somewhere but I don't remember correctly f
textuepack?
Name 1.20 Dunes and Ruins
mewo
E
E
E
whats the name of the mod ?
At first I didn't much appreciate the update but this is really cool, this update is now a 9.5/10
Amoung us        Also I thought pixelmon was removed from the game of Minecraft for legal reasons with Nintendo and game freak
Where is the link?!?!?!
And….
314
I worry about that sponsor.. most fan creations with Pokemon that involve real money are not usually looked upon with good graces.. like if there wasn't a tourney with real money they would look past it.. but since.. you can get real money from it.. they may shut it down..
Comment 314
But you use a commands!
I hipe they gonna add collision...
Mewo
EEE
This is one heck of a tool to work with  it’s like giving a knife to a murderer   but you’re giving more commands instead
This can't be real
Finally... Vertical Slabsssssss
Feel good
Among us
It looks fake There's no shadows and the colors pop out too much
cool
1.20 was 1000 times better than expected.
Minecraft got totally revolutionisted by this update. Have a good day guys
can youmake chess in minecraft
Amongusmon
Am i seeing it wrong or did mysticat posted 2 videos in 1 month
the time spent actually making the things in the videos is insane
You could make a tiny fish bowl using a glass block and some other blocks inside it
Can’t wait for this update for it to erive after a while like *SUMMER*
For some reason I suspect you’re swedish because you sound a tiny bit. Plus you posted this 38 minutes ago (when I saw this fot the first time). So are you swedish?
Basketball Idea
God I love Mysticat and their wacky creations 😭 They have to be either stupidly talented or talentedly stupid to be able to make this kind of stuff 😭😭😭
Hi
Beans
THIS IS AMAZING!!!
Raise your hand if you love mysticat 🙋
@mysticat how did you make them have collision as at the beginning the diamond block didn't have collision
Mysterycar is my favorite channel!
35 minuten geleden super leuk trouwens from belgium
The power we now hold ... Infinitely increased
this is what a 2012 cursed video looked like
Hello everyone 👇
Darn, Java only? I was hoping to finally get a proper elevator on my Switch copy
*pisstun*
I like how mojang made whole new thing just for command block creation.
Keep the updated
Hm cat
noice
3:25 Fun fact: pokemon day was the day before this was posted- so close to the best coincidence ever!
Mumbo jumbo: **Takes many hours figuring out a way to use a mod to recreate the old click bait thumbnails.**  Mistycat at 5:45 : Hold my circle.
This was amazing... I only wish he actually gave us a look at the commands
My god the data packs are gonna be amazing.
Why do you sound like morty from Rick and morty
Bro that is really cool
Its always a good day when Mysticat uploads! :D
I think I am extremley late.... 27mins. I wish I was early like 1 decade
Mysticastle def needs a drawbridge!!
Mewo
This update makes commands more powerful lol(/damage,/ride,/execute on,...)
I have been inspired by you I know alot abour the bedrock command
26 minutes and 246 comments
Je*sus* this is great
I liked how he showed us the Pig can use the elevator perfectly
we need this in java
That elevator is insane
Cool video magic man, I really love your magic blocks that does what ever you *command* them to do
Epic xD
best ending ever lol (plz shoutout cus im cool)
THIS IS SO COOOLLL
Dude, this looks like animation not gonna lie
Mysticat keeps making better and better video's
Am here so quickly
Where the link?
Lol Mumbo Jumbo should’ve just waited a week.
mojang should hire you you are the best in the world
Pitch ur voice down.. jesus. U sound like a 12Year old
Please elevator tutorial
when did pixelmon become a company capable of sponsering
This is stupid its to easy
mewo
Why did bro steal Mumbo Jumbo's part
e!??
i didnt expect to see kakashi in that pixelmon ad
fascinating how he is sponsored by pixelmon, i haven’t heard of any mention of it in years ever since it was popular back in like 2015
Did i time travel to 1st april?
Here in 21 mins
So much possibilities
Yo its mysticat
Mysticat, this update also added a damage command, so you can update your sharks and giants and stuff. They no longer hafta use damage potions. You can use any damage source you want! Plus, a little birdie told me you can use datapacks to add customly named damage sources, so feel free to look into that!
2:09, am i hearing that right?
200 COMMENT!
Minecraft!!!!
Please add more vine thud sound effects
Epic
Make realistic chess in minecraft  please
200th
Can you make football with no mods?
Lets all appreciate the time he spends inside of us
Please get this man to 2 mil. He deserves it and more.
Hurrrrrrrrrrrray       i'm not firts
Long
this hurts my brain lol :/
Okay I gotta admit this really is one of the coolest updates they could've come up with
Wait, is this real? It’s been a while since I played
8.7k views in 14 mins wow
This is the new Video
Now you can make youtube thumbnail clickbaits in game. Fantastic.
the best thing is you can do stuff like that now with datapacks as datapacks are just somewhat powerful commandblocks
2:09 Wat did u say??? "black people"???
Кто русский?
OHHHHHH  1.20   The Here You Go Mysticat, Go Do Whatever We Stopped Caring
I am early:D Amazing video!
Yooo they added Dark Mode. Best update
Mystical what is your opinion on oranges?
This just made minecraft a medium for animation!
13 minutes ago! Early!
Can you make a working chair?
Nice
STOP CALLING IT A HALF SLAB, A HALF SLAB WOULD BE A HALF OF THE HALF OF THE BLOCK SO IT WOULD BE A QUARTER OF A BLOCK AND A QUARTER OF A BLOCK IS NOT THE SAME AS A HALF OF A BLOCK!      This was for educational purposes only and not meant to attack and individual.         If you see this you a monkey
THIS WAS 12 MINS AGO???!!?!?!!?!!?
I'm so excited for all the amazing stuff the community is gonna make with this!
Great video ! love it! <3
Plot twist: april fools update
holy sheet you just invented 4D dimention. I thought this update is going to be boring but no, it's epic
Can you do some sort of tutorial on how to make some of these? I want to impress my friends lol As usual, awesome video, it really got me in a better mood today edit: yo thanks for the likes, It's awesome to have more likes than money in my bank account
This update has just unlimited possibilities. It's probably the best thing Mojang could have added honestly
R.I.P. Doggos 3:00 - 3:01
5:46 Mumbo Jumbo recently did a video on that lol
У Р Ы Л
I fear for society 😪. Mysticat is going to wreak havoc
I can NOT wait for the maps that are gonna be made usin this
The possibilities for mapmakers have expanded so much
How am I this early
Woow
This is so fun!!!!
Minecraft is popping off with this update.
I love ur content it’s an art❤😂 and your are hilarious
I need to know how to make that elevator :D
The new entity displays are so cool!
I feel like this is fake
Hey just so you know. cash prizes of any kind violayes mojangs TOS so maybe the server should not be doing that!
Damn.. I thought blocks were already negative. All they do is just stand there till' you come along and might mine them and then place them again or throw them away into lava. Never knew blocks were positive with that life.
that is sooo coool
It isnt an  dark theme ui, its an ui for peiple who have problems understanding whats in the ui, its just and high contrast ui.
It's literally Create Mod in Vanilla Minecraft ...
its the "everything you ever wanted" update after all
YOU CAN BE SPONSORED BY PIXELMON?!  Love that mod, since I’m a huge fan of Pokémon, but was never expecting to see it like this lol
Builders, Redstoners, Datapackers, Explorers or just casual players, this update catered to one and all, and fulfilled some of the many things we've being wishing for so long
When is this coming
Now try to remake Mario 64 in vanilla mc
So they literally made an update where you can elongate things 😳
Mysticat.. the "dark theme UI" is a high contrast theme for people with visual disabilities not just a dark UI lol
i love ur videos😄
This is nuts..
You Are fantastic of command blocks you are the future of Minecraft You are a commander Flipper gaster and sussy Redstoner
Very cool :>
4:05 please make a tutorial for this
What did u do
he killed dogs how could he
Early and I love the video
I've never been the first 200 crazy. 4 minutes ago
Hère WE go
Yay 6 1
hi
Hi!
This is ganna be so good. MAP CREATORS GO BRRRRR
loaf ur content
YOR VIDEO ARE THE BEST
we have.. NEEDED THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
OMG!!  This will be the best update for Minecraft oblivion! (My mc server)
Wow cool update, thanks for making a video about it. Love you ❤️
3 minutes after posting, this is cool as hell tho
I challenge you to make a 🗿🍷 boss
Hi
Good video!
cool
Can I get a pin if I do something in Minecraft of your choice Mysticat?
I always love these vids, especially because you don't need mods for this 😊
0 hour gang
wahoo
i can see how mysticat will break the absolute limits of this feature lmao
2 min lets gooo! also amazing video!
OMG THIS IS AMAZING 👏 THX FOR TELLING ME ABOUT THIS MYSYCAT thx so much :) :D :P
cool
Wow!
Wait wait wait wait... PIXELMON IS SPONSORING PEOPLE!?!?!?
1 min latee only
100th comment!!!!
Jesus loves you all!
I still don’t believe you can do this. I love pokemon btw:3 mewo
I also saw a piano of another youtuber!   edit: lol I commented this before I saw the video
Clicked the bell
Hmmmmm......... it says there's already 16 comments but I see no comment.....
yooooooooo
I love your videos with coding 😲
I hope Mysti cat content never dies
This doesn’t look like vanilla minecraft
This is the time that so many people waited for . Now we don't need mods to do the same thing
WOH
Woah this is awesome
Hey man
Holy moly
43 comment
Make a slab more slab
Love the vids
You are the command master and Flipper gest You are the future of Minecraft
Omg i love you mysticat
Anyone else confused?
I was 2 like lets gooo
Hello.
HI MYSTICAT
Yes I saw your short and couldn't wait to see the video. now finally is the video
2nd comment + 9th Like
I haven't seen this update yet but it looks and sounds cool
Ye the snapshot seems really cool, also great vid.
7
whaaaaaaaa
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONG
Cool
Hewo
First pin or ban
4th
Plz don't pin meeee
Ur soo cool
Cheese
not first
I love your videos you are the best! ❤️❤️
These are amazing
Mewo
Pls shout out
First ??
Noice content!
I wont miss any single your video
Yepeeeei
Hi
First
First 😉
(:
Ima 1st viewer
First
I love this video!
First!
First
First
Snapshot Ohio
Hi there
👍
Noice
You are very cool
Second
Nice
This is really cool!
Hello
First
Hi
Heh
wow
Second
second like
Ok
ya
some nice minecraft content
wow
noice
hi
🗿
Try Pixelmon for free at https://www.pixelmontogo.com/mysticat.html !  SUBSCRIBE TO SEE MORE CREATIONS IN THE COOLEST MINECRAFT UPDATE EVER !!!
