Wake up, new Foolish dropped
It's me Timothy Brewer, I was drafted before Jarrod Dyson 😅
I remember the fanbase of every team they faced would cry "lucky" after every series.  Hard to be lucky so consistently.
Hmm, lemme see. Great defense up the middle at the 2, 4, 6 and  8 spots. Throw in the 3 and 7 spots as well. Solid at the 5 and 9. Pretty solid starting rotation and insane numbers out of the bullpen. Speed (kills, peaches) on the base paths. Keep the line moving hitting. And that play where Hossmer scored from third? Scouting. They knew Duda tended to make bad throws to the plate when hurried.
Wade davis is still one of my favorite baseball players, ever. I can't count how many games he'd just end, once he took the mound the game was pretty much over.
The K was designed to hit the gaps and run for doubles.  The K is below street level hard to hit Out
You know that 3 headed gold dragon from the godzilla movies that always kicked everyone's ass? Yeah that was the '14 and '15 Royals bullpen
Hell no… the nerds have ruined baseball with their fucking analytics.
My favorite part of 2014-15 Royals was the guy who had season ticket to sit right behind Home Plate and kept showing up wearing a Florida Marlins shirt. Just a speck of Orange in a sea of blue
In my life I've seen the Chiefs win 3 Super Bowls.  None of them come close to the excitement of the 14-15 Royals.
This forgets one key important ingredient. Every single person on that team treated the other like a brother. They were best friends on and off the field. They were willing to break their legs risk career not for the owner not for Nike deals not for the dollar but their friends to win when you have that, you can overcome even the super team like the Dodgers today.   Look at hosmer for example. Do you think that dude knowing he was worth at least double maybe more and if baseball failed according to every female he could be a male model would risk his body/face if he just wanted a pay check until contract was up and he could move on to more?? No he wouldn’t he’d play just well enough to maintain the payday then run off to get it. But instead he’s diving head first into 2nd base risking his career as a ball player and a male model everyday and he did it because he was brothers with those guys. This year when they had some of those guys back those dude didn’t get excited until they saw each other. They smiled harder seeing each other their brother than the awards/honors and it showed. That kind of bond can take a below average and average team to the top in every sport! Part of me thinks their pitcher dying in a car wreck helped make them close but they all had been close even before that so that just made it even worse for the other teams cause they got even closer. Even guys added later all instantly got along and felt part of a family not a team. I firmly believe that’s part of it. I agree with everything you said, but I firmly believe that is part of it.
7:15 I know this is way late by now but in psychology we program using R and there’s a nice plugin for that called ggplot2 which makes really nice graphs of all kinds. Plus it’s pretty easy to use
The Royals found efficiencies that other teams didn't.  Same idea as small-market teams everywhere.  But the Royals' efficiencies were _fun_ .  Speed.  Stolen bases.  Scrappy fielding.  A very different style of baseball than the early 2000s A's or the mid-2000s Yankees.  As for trading stars... had it happened, I'd be curious if they'd still have won a World Series.  The Royals went for broke in 2014 and 2015, trading away prospects to bring in veterans for the postseason.  Not what you do for long-term relevance, but nobody in Kansas City realistically expected more than a 2- or 3-year window.
I remember 2014 when i didnt like Hunter Pence lol and to think Bumgardner in 2021 was in his second year of 5 for 85 million contract with Dbacks and has been hurt the whole time and in 2023 they finally released him and no team ever claimed him. Sad ending to his career after winning a world series but he did steal some money from Dbacks for a couple years lol
The Royals lose to Giants in 2014 and really know one expected the Royals to go back in 2015 and win the World Series and to think the Giants didnt make the playoffs that year when they finished second place behind Dodgers with a 84-78 record and i dont think they had wild card games then like they do now
If you remember too at the time, they threatened to totally do away with the ASG fan vote that year because we voted all royals lol
14:30 This is the difference between the Marlins and Royals. The Royals won by building a good team and had good players but a lot of the core walked in free agency. The Marlins won 2 world series and immediately traded those players away.
This is basically the reason why Aaron Judge struggles in the playoffs so much. He’s basically a TTO example. Leads the majors in hrs, walks and has a lot of strikeouts. This approach is horrible for the playoffs. Putting the ball in play or hitting line drives should be his focus in the playoffs.
The bullpen part aged so well for the dodgers as run, having just 3 starters and still pitching like that is crazy😮
As a royals fan I have to revisit this video every 6-8 months
6:30 I love this bit because due to how much ball knowledge you’d need to know to grasp all of this. There’s a strong chance you yourself have been drafted to the mlb.
Hrs mean nothing on a winning team.
2024 tigers Prayge (just a significantly worse version of them)
Probably also had the most elite relief pitchers since the Red Machine ... That was a major major impact on these Royals.
My boys in blue did amazing thise years
9 years later, the Royals are back in the postseason!
The 2024 Guardians look an awful lot like these Royals
You’re right that is how the Mets talk!
Maniacs!
In 1927, Babe Ruth's trade off for hitting 60 home runs was a .356 batting average.
It is still a shame that we didn't get a Royals Cardinals World Series in those years
Now our bullpen can’t pitch well to save their lives
That team was so fun to watch. Never seen a group of dudes play harder.
Wade Davis posted a 1.00 ERA in 2014. His lowest posted ERA that season came after a 4-3 Winning Decision vs. the White Sox on September 15th: *0.69* .
Holland - Herrera - Davis : Lights Out! Always.
This video randomly popped up in my recommended. I was at Game 7 of the 2014 World Series game with my dad, we sat on the 3rd base side, and everyone was screaming and yelling for Gordo to run home. When Salvy hit that pop up to end the game everyone started screaming “OUT OUT OUT” or “FOUL FOUL FOUL” I will forever wonder what would have happened had Gordo gone home.
Idk man, the Red Sox 2018 outfield was pretty nuts. Benny, Mookie, JBJ. I’m taking those 3 over the Royals 3 every single time. They had about the same defensive ability and those three Sox offense was much better.
The premature death  of Yordano (Ace) Ventura during the 2015-2016 off-season was devastating. He was so raw in 2014, and had just begun to learn how to pitch. He had a bright future ahead. The Royals contended into at least August 2016, Ventura's arm would have at least extended that run into September in my opinion.
‘14-‘15 Royals were so freaking fun to watch. You just knew that as soon as Dyson and/or Gore came out there was going to be fireworks on the base paths and that when Herrera-Davis-Holland got the ball the game was in the bag. I miss those days but the ‘24 team is looking pretty good.
So far all they have won is second place in the AL central. Cleveland has them.
The Royals' style of play also hit big money team building where they were most vulnerable.   Like starter gas? Prepare to lift your starters in the 6th because they've thrown over 100 pitches.  Like power? 2015 AL MVP Josh Donaldson was toothless in Kauffman. He needed the small parks of the AL East to hit 40 homers.  Like to get cheap power guys who can't throw runners out? Every team the Royals beat found out the hard way you had to field well.  The 2014 Giants were the exception to this. They played in an equally big park. They fielded well. They had the best catcher in the game. And they had a talismatic starter who single handedly won 2.5 of those 4 games. And it was still a series that came down to the final out.  The one time it looked like the Royals might regress to the sabermetric mean was when Houston had them dead to rights in game 4. That was the one time they really got lucky.
Those were some memorable 2 years (10 years ago). I re-watched so many of those 2014 and 2015 playoffs games so much, especially all the comebacks. I remember Hosmer tweeting about wanting to give away WS tickets. It was very a  fun time after having to hear so much about how bad our franchise was.  It was divine and it was awesome that we won the WS 30 years after winning it in 1985. It was a fun time, despite all the losing that went on prior and after. I hope this year we can hold our own and at least compete for WC. I love the graphics and thoughts.
life long Royals fan, my dad would win Royals trivia tickets and we'd go a few times a year. We went one time and Jim Abbot (the one pitcher with only 1 arm) was pitching for the Angels. This was back in the 90s when the Royals stunk. And Abbot is perfect through 4 and that is when I had the thought *well at least the Royals stick so much I get to see Jim Abbot throw a Perfect game*, and I can't remember if it was the bottom of the 5th or 6th one of the batter hit an opposite field double. I was so upset since the Royals because I knew they would still lose. And it didn't matter as soon after that there was a hour plus long rain delay, so we left (as we lived about 4 hours away from KC).   The 2014-2015 season felt so rewarding. You follow the team for decades of being trash (I was too young to remember '85) then to see them win was one of the best feelings as a fan.
Im from kc and my mom always brings up this strategy every time we watch a game and ngl this year it feels like its back better than ever
Great defense, a shutdown bullpen, getting the ball in play with a timley HR over the center field wall,  Lost to one guy in 14' what can you do.
Crazy i nvr even heard of the royals winning a world series thats recent
23-24 dbacks are the new 14-15 royals
I had a few classmates in high school who were unbearable during those back to back WS appearance years. Acted like there was going to be a new dynasty. Haven’t done anything since winning the WS.
The KC Royals and DJ Snake: Two odd, seemingly out-of-nowhere phenomenons big in 2014 and 2015.
the modern dbacks are the new royals
Ted kazisky be like 1:21
Terrance gore has been 1000% more electric in the postseason than mike trout. Let that sink in.
9:48 “Lil Uzr Vert” lol
Those Royals teams changed baseball forever & I don’t blame them because it came from necessity. The issue is, no one else has been able to replicate it.   Herrera, Davis & Holland was unfair bro
🔥
The 2014 and 2015 Kansas City Royals were never given the RESPECT that they deserved !!  All those come from behind wins ? Not a lot of homeruns but lots of base hits where they counted and the pitching and there bullpen !! Alcides Escobar inside the park Home run in game 1 of 2015 The World Series. The first inside the park homer in World Series Play since 1929 and The first ever inside the park Home Run to Lead Off a World Series and so much more from a Team with World Series Talented Athletes !! FOREVER ROYAL !!
Speed kills. Its nothing new and it'll always be true. Good pitching with elite speed and defense wins ya ballgames.
"Royalball" is only hard to say if your not used to slurring syllables. Accents give you a advantage.  Im canadian, that shit took 3 tries before it was both easy and faster to say. "Dunno" for example, is 3 words slurred to one. Dont even know? Dunno? Edit: sorry, 4 if you count "Don't"
I had hoped that the new management would be willing to spend on players. Instead he is more concerned with building a new stadium in the worst spot possible.
2:49  Either the Marines, Twins and Royals like to play small ball, or primarily field teams comprised of small children.
I'm not a fan of these Royals... They swept my Orioles
Many teams sadly fall under this tiny budget for many reason be it the bank (ownership) doesn't have a lot, the bank is cheap and doesnt care, the market cant support it, or the big and mid markets just have move the list goes on and on.  As time goes on these teams often struggle as even if they have something going like the Royals or Cardinals a mid or big market team will eventually take parts away from it.  And MLB as time has gone on hasn't exactly made it any easier by taking away certain ways and routes these teams would use to get an edge.  Not to mention the popularity of international free agent signings and everyone getting the A's playbook thanks to the book and movie (moneyball).  But occasionally these teams surprise you with something like this or like in 2019 where the nationals were basically a flash pan season that ended with a WS win.  The sad reality is that often most players are looking for big amounts of money and dont really care where it comes from.  Jose Altuves just dont grow on team and that sort of loyalty is slowly going away from baseball due to these big lucrative contracts that many players are searching for.  The small market teams have no where near the money to keep most of their talent.  It is a sad truth but the cycle continues.
Ahhh, I remember that time, when the Royals were good.
speed don’t slump
Crazy watching in 2023 while their record is atrocious, the Cleveland Spiders would never fall off that bad.
Ahhhh finally, been waiting for a Royals WS Foolish video!
Die hard giants fan here; I H A T E D the Royals during that whole World Series, but I seriously gained so much respect for how they played the game. Wound up rooting for them against the Mets the very next year. Much love to the Royals, that was the hardest fought World Series the Giants had of the three
Quick shoutout to an unsung member of the Outfield Track Team - Paulo "Tripolo" Orlando! He was a ton of fun to watch in 2015 and 2016!
So many Mets mistakes in that WS
Lil UZR Vert 😂😂
10:20 😂😂go me off guard
8:33 Homsar??
Thanks mlb
Defense means so much more in a huge park. Build your teams to your park
Royals fans watching this now: 🥹
Looks like he was hustling to me but just isn’t very fast. Then again I know nothing about the guy.
The '65 Dodgers best home run hitter, Lou Johnson, hit 12 home runs, and they won the World Series
well, they finally scored in their third game this season; maybe they'll win sometime in the first full week of play?
even with how good the chiefs have been over the last few years, the excitement and electricity in kansas city from the 2014-15 royals will never be outmatched by another kansas city sports team
Math is killing sports, you fools.
RIP Yordano Ventura 💙
Ive never been a huge fan of baseball, ive never watched a game, i just enjoy highlights and breakdowns. But one thing i love is learning as much as possible about any given topic and this channel is as entertaining as it is informative and insightful. So glad it popped up in my suggested!! Great videos, thanks for your hard work!!
This video has ages so we’ll. Astros winning the World Series with the greatest bullpen of the modern era according to bullpen era
I love Royalball
Awesome
Guardspiders?
Giants fan - those Royals in the 2014 World Series scared the hell out of me. Had Ned Yost not been a moron in Game 4 and let a 3-run lead turn into a 7-run loss, the Royals win back-to-back. Yost wouldn't stretch Herrera/Holland/Davis before the 7th, and left in scrubs to let the game get blown open.
CLICKBAIT
I hate Bumgarner so much. Almost as much as I hate Tim Keefe fanboys
The royals really playing high school ball
They were so fun to watch, I played baseball my entire life I love and understand the game. Watching has just gotten so boring. MLB needs to do something.
I still love this video and this team. I miss Royalball more than anything. I love the Chiefs but my life was so much better when the Royals were winning.
2:46 “fewest homers (excl. 2020)” *shortened 1994 season has entered the chat*
what you could do is find the variability and calculate how much defense matters. It's not as relevant to calculate the correlation between defense and wins because the teams with good defense will have random other strengths.
You are making a huge mistake. From 1969 to 1973, the Orioles were a dominant force. They had 4 GGs in the field which made their pitching infinitely better. Mark Belanger couldn't hit. Robinson was mediocre. Blair hardly contributed.  Earl Weaver said "You get these big cock suckers" Boog Powell... Frank Robinson... Don Baylor... Lee May. The fielding makes the pitching better, and the "big cock suckers" drive in the runs.  Try asking Jim Palmer what his greatest assets were to winning 20 games 8 times. It was the guys behind him.
This Royals team reminds me alot of the 2002 Angels great pitching and living and dying by getting on base and getting RBIs
Who the booty are the Guardspiders?
Yeah I don't know why people insist on blaming statcast for "inventing" those. "Some say that you should swing level with the pitch. Some say you should swing down, and I really disagree with that. To me, you want to swing with a 4-8 degree upward angle, the reverse of the pitches trajectory. This makes contact easier and balls more well struck" - Ted Williams, who famously was a one dimensional power hitter who struck out all the time and never hit for average, on why a positive launch angle and good exit velo are critical for success... The "swing down" part is especially interesting because that was the approach old slap hitters took to get high averages but low OPS marks, and what many people believe they want to see again. I say "believe", because that approach will absolutely not work in a league where 95 mph sliders exist and 100 mph fastballs are common. Not to mention scouting reports on exactly where to stand for fielders.
Speed kills
Small ball invented in the negro League
2022 Astros Arm Barn had them coast to a Championship.  Thank you KC!
We need better Intel on the male walking through line saying use kid psychology like a directive to juncture.  I've seen this in two forms. One when he walks through the line saying he does civilian wear referring to US military wear and him being from a foreign military.  A different dynamic while at Yates adjustment using York style adjusting as he has stolen patents or stolen business money.   More Intel is needed in the individuals demotion of beheath holder or original business owner at intersection.  Thee ripple effect of this activity is subsequent psychological warfare activity.  Thee original concept was thee original owner sought to have background checks on certain types of workers as they work in a segment that typically mistreated, running side operations and the original owner or beheath holder is of high value.   Thee subsequent activity is mechanical psychological warfare on unknown people or customers incorrectly. Some call it barbwrisms and you will see the identity assumption of positions through theat concept meechanically; however it is suggested it is communist stylee activity on the handlib of thee general population.  The important part to understand is this activity is created by the mechanics set and carried out by non US Americans in the US making it a national security matter of undermining how US Americans are handled in thee US   Someethingg else to be considered somee engaging in this activity have political bwleof sets that go beyond their belief of being socialist and are more communist in how they handle.  Another issue to consider is the matter of how people are handled when using government subsidies.  Another matter to consider, these outsiders are trying to handle US government employees this way.
9:47 lil uzr vert 😂😂
I play in a strat-o-matic league and my teambuilding strat is basically meant to imitate this Royals team. Starting rotation is fine but not incredible, bullpen is stupendous, and we love our BABIP and stolen bases. Even roster a Royal (Nicky Lopez is like, the perfect player for me in the 2021 set....elite defense, hits for a high average, oh yeah and because I love bunting he also has the top bunting grade in the set!)  It works really well for me and it's so fun listening to my opponents get frustrated, lol.
this years mariners feel very royalball, and it's the best sign I've seen in my lifetime
Rip ace
As a Royals fan I appreciate this video a lot, the Royals have really fell from grace ever since their 2014-2015 run and 2022 was a disappointment to say the least.
I feel as though there might be another name for Royalball, one that starts with Whitey. Not meaning to sound snarky, just that the '80s cardinals did basically the same thing.
Can I get a gaurdspiders logo?! I'm so in I'll buy any merch you got
I called it Yost ball.
I love those teams. One of the most complete teams ever. The starting pitching was the weakest point and it wasn’t that bad
One memory I will cherish till the day I die is being at Kauffman with my brother to watch the Royals sweep the 2014 pennant.
Plate discipline has always been important, but post moneyball, ppl simplistically equate walks with plate discipline. The Royals of that era developed a bunch of players who could hit fastballs effectively, so that means that good plate discipline is swinging at fastballs.  So they put bals in play, swung early in counts, and they hit bullpen guys (who are often big fastballs guys without the secondary stuff to be starters). And everyone said they had bad plate discipline because the walk rate was low. I think their secret was that they had great plate discipline. They swung at what they wanted ti swing at, and did it with success.
Interesting video, great job.
Statcast is trash
It's not that those things didn't exist but that the insistence on tracking those metrix had a net negative for the game. Bailey, if no on wants to watch baseball anymore because it's boring due to delays, lack of fielding ect then ball clubs aren't going to be able to sell the merchandise and tickets necessary to attract the very best with massive contracts worth hundreds of millions of dollars. Glad MLB finally recognized this and is discotinuing the shift and adding a pitch clock.
ROYALBALL
Im from Kansas City and I think that you're from Houston and Houston is the one who broke the most rules.
It was fun.
love the pixel art and 8 bit music
They were just plain fun. Made me proud to be a Kansas Citian. Now they’re just an embarrassment.
Cleveland Indians. You want to ignore it, but we won't.
Go Royals!
Is there any way we can get the phrase “Bumgarner’d” to the phrase “Strasburg’d” because Strasburg’s value in 2019’s postseason run was significantly higher and the decline performance was incomprehensibly steeper (especially when you count the injuries).
Those Royals teams were so much fun to watch. A perfect combination of entertainment and winning.
Astros were cheating so that don’t count
And dismantle the team after there win
It's so beautiful that the 2014 run ended after the decision not to send the runner in a high risk scenario. And the next year, they won the Series on the decision to send the runner in a high risk scenario. Poetic.
Wade Davis also leads all ballplayers in board GETS. Possibly the all time record as well.
wtf are the guard spiders
11:18 what the fuck
The last fun baseball team
5:01 ah the Guardspiders what a beloved team
What I remember most about the Royals teams was how many hits they nullified with that outfield.  Seemed like nothin ever hit the grass.  it was crazy.
One thing about the steals vs the Athletics; Billy Butler stole a base. If you aren't familiar with Billy Butler, he's the slowest MLB player this side of Bartolo Colon.
I just came from Lou rachet 2 this 😂😂😂 I love YouTube ❤️
The 2014-2015 royals might’ve had the greatest bullpen of all time
I actually did get drafted before Dyson.
Tim Keefe and Blake Treinen are chads
your forgot the 2018 red sox approach of “fuck it put someone out there”
Giants mentioned positively in video. Yay
"We have bat. We know ball. We can do bat ball." -- Babe "The Babe" Ruth
The 1982 cardinals hit 67 Homer's
#HEYHEYHEYHEY
National league would like to have the Astro’s back. Y’all can have the Brewers and no DH
This channel is fuckimg awesome
I remember this team in 2014 because they swept my beloved O’s in the NLCS by 1 run in each game which I’m pretty sure has never happened before or since…😩😩
as a royals fan in 2022, i miss this era of royals baseball so. bad.
our defense still rocks but we lost a good bullpen. we’re kinda hitting the ball far nowadays especially with salvis breakout last year and soler in ‘19. but stolen bases are not as common
I hope a lot of people caught that joke about Blake treinen, that was good lmfao
Awesome baseball bit! I’m sure our friend Carter the Kansan would appreciate!
You can win with the least amount of HRs. Just, "Keep the line moving..."
The royals bullpen from about 2009 through their WS win was above average to dare I say best in a generation . The offense  never gave them a chance to use it effectively. But through the 2013-16 season if they had a lead at any time  past the 6th inning they won the game 90 percent of the time and they found ways to get that lead more often then not
Royals batters were difficult to strikeout.  They'd foul off ball after ball after ball after ball.  It was irritating to watch.
Loved watching the royals win it all. The 7 years of rebuild not so much
Once.  We one once.  Please don't give us any credit
Because you can force error and because offense is more valued than defense you can do that to teams that lacks defense. Defense wins championships. -Rick Berry
Don’t think we missed ur little nod to peta there fb 11:37
My Royals’ bullpen then compared to now
Tim Keef is my great uncle. If he could've seen this video he'd have laughed. I don't see why everyone is so mad about the Keef joke.
As a lifelong Royals fan, this video makes me smile! I was so happy with them even getting to the championship series in 2014, but to go to back to back World Series? Unreal!
That's what speed do
@foolishbaseball Nori aoki said he preferred his name pronounced Norichika, AH-oki
What’s the song at 8:55?
Hard to repeat that form of success, and Speed/Defense are the things that fall the fastest as players get older. If not for the Alex Gordon/Moose injury the 2016 Royals may have made one more run. But with DM and crew unable to draft/develop players its going to be a hot second before the Royals see success again
You should do a video on how the Giants' squad of old men last year managed to do amazing, like I still don't understand how
None of the elements alone make you win a ton of games, but all together, you win alot and win close games much much more than power heavy teams. Pair that with a great team environment making the players come up well in the clutch and you have champions
Yes ROYALS  💙
the Royals are still amazing and why are you only hating on them? They won and maybe there are some flaws but we all have those. Give us a break, we arent a great team, we know, but don't say rude things about other teams, maybe just say positive things instead of saying "Oh my gosh they are cheating" it doesnt make others feel well. Instead say, "The Braves had an amazing hit!"
Dude i’ve watched this 3 times already and didn’t realize it was only a month old, thought it was multiple years old😂
the perfect balance of laughs and info, just as baseball should be
Your a nerd for baseball and I love it keep it up brutha
They have more in common with the 59 White Sox it's called small ball
When Mike Kansas City royals won the world series I cried
i wish groundbreaking stuff like this could happen more often, where low market teams find new ways to win and change the game, but since the mlb doesn’t have a hard cap, it just seems that teams like the yankees and dodgers should just use their wallet to purchase all of the players that lower market teams have homegrown. a lot less room for the good underdog too because of some of the super teams
To this day I am irate that they didn’t send Alex Gordon.  Even if the ball would’ve beaten him by a mile that would’ve been one of the craziest endings in WS history.
Tim Keefe finally getting the recognition he deserves.
As a Mets fan it was rough watching them lose to this team in the '15 series, but holy crap it was interesting to watch them.  I've never seen a more aggressive team at the plate and on the bases.  They basically forced the Mets to lose due to their weak infield, which I don't think I've ever seen before.
Wish Ace Ventura got some recognition here, but overall a solid video
That was a great time to be a Royals fan.
“Guardspiders” 😂 Just now seeing that
Yo! Do you feel like making a Xander Bogarts vid?
As a Royals fan this hurt to watch in 2021
🔥🔥😅🔥
What's the music at 0:01?
As a Giants fan, I got nothing but love for the KC Royals. I'm so glad they won in it all in 2015. Would've loved it if KC sent Gordon to the plate in the 2014 WS. A play at the plate to end a World Series would've been wild. But come on- Crawford was making the throw, and Posey's sure hands were behind the plate. Gordon would'e been out by 20 feet.
the 2015 alcs is a great matchup cuz it’s power v finesse
lil uzr vert love it
I have waited for the NEXT foolish baseball to drop before I watch this one so I can have two new videos to watch :’)
byron doesn’t steal 3rd bc he is in scoring position on 2nd
This is one of my favorite Baseball bits and I'm not even a royals fan
look at the home office!
When’s the next video
I miss this team every day.
I love Kansas City
2014-2015 Royals: National League Baseball Done Right.
This is how your supposed to play baseball man I miss it! Put the ball in play and see what happens not swing for the fences or strike out. I miss this team
Wade Davis was lights out in 14-15. So fun to watch unless you're on the other team. That feeling you get when you know Wade Davis is up or Cain is going for an outfield ball.
derek norris "pain" tweet is such a sweet callback to the rod barajas video <3
I am, indeed apart of the Blake Treinen fan club.
arm barn
You should do a video on Ozzie smith on just how good was he
As a Mets fan, we all knew it was over before the series even started, no letter who made it through would get smothered by the 2015 Royals
I’m saying this as a fan of the team, but you should do a video on how the Twins have lost 18 straight playoff games. I feel like that has to be some sort of unlikely accomplishment lol
Lil UZR Vert lmao
Yeah, defense isn't as necessary to winning. That's why the Mets won the 2015 World Series. Oh wait....
9:27 HEYWARD???
Can you make a video about how sad it is that we will never see another pitcher at bat again? (Except Ohtani) And all the epic moments that pitcher PAs brought to the game. Like Colon‘s home run, and Bumgarner‘s like fucking 18. I get the game evolves, and most fans understand as well, but it would be cool to have a little sentimental/ tribute vid about all the epic picture at-bats we will never see again. Like a sweet farewell
As a White Sox fan, the thing I'll always remember about the Royals 2014-2015 was how electric their bullpen was. If you were losing in the 6th inning, just shut off the TV.  It's fair to point out that despite the lack of HR power, they lifted their homer rate from .722 per game in the 2014 and 2015 regular seasons to .933 in those same two playoffs. They actually outhomered several of their opponents.
About those 1987 Minnesota Twins, I think it's totally fair to say they're a team that abused/leverage home field advantage like none other.  Back then, only the four division winners made it to the playoffs, and that year the AL West was just not good. Thus, the Twins didn't have to be great to get to the playoffs, just good enough. Also, the Twins were pretty awful on the road. They posted a .358 winning percentage on the road. To their credit, they played three playoff games in Detroit and managed to two games, after going 2-0 at home (back then, home field advantage rotated between the AL East and AL West winners, and that year was an AL West year).   However...  They posted a .691 winning percentage at home. And just like home field advantage cycled between the East and West winners, it cycled between the AL and NL champions, and 1987 was the AL's year. So the Twins got four home games in the World Series and won them all, while dropping three in a row in St. Louis. So in summary, the Twins played 87 games in the Metrodome and won 56 in the regular season and a perfect 6-0 in the postseason, increasing their winning percentage at the Metrodome to .712. On the road, they won 31 games including the postseason while losing 56.   Coincidentally, in 1991 they nearly pulled off the exact same feat in the playoffs. They won every home World Series game while losing every road game. The only difference was that they went 1-1 at home in the ALCS and 3-0 on the road.  An in depth video about the Twins would be great.
thank you for posting this. i’m about to cry thinking about those good old days. man moose is still my favorite player of all time. i played baseball back then and i wore number 8 and would always want to be 3rd base because of him. i wish i could go back to those days at my grandparents house, watching the royals dominate for 2 years
It seems like the cubs might be trying this. Sort of. They are relying heavily on new prospects. They don't have all the pieces but they are trying to steal a lot aswell as Building a strong bullpen
you should do a baseball bits on the Marlins trading away a potential playoff team after 2016 and their history of trading away good young players that turned into future all-stars for minimal return. Prime examples being Miguel Cabrera, Cristian Yelich, Giancarlo Stanton, Nathan Eovaldi, Anthony Desclafani, Jt Realmuto, Chris Paddack, Marcell Ozuna, Zac Gallen and the list goes on and on and on
well done. Best bullpen in baseball history. it was said if the royals had the lead after 6 innings it was automatic victory
The royals made their roster after seeing how much I dominated the bigs 2 become a legend with speed
i love the intro, im a bassist
My favorite part was the mocking of the use of sigma. God I hate those people.
I need foolish baseball to make a video about the greatest divisions ever. The NL west is all over .500 and I need to know how common or uncommon this is and some hypotheticals and other whatever else you feel is important. It seems like your kinda video
The JFK jr reference, haha
As a Braves fan, I'm obviously biased - but I think a good video would be comparing Chipper Jones to other great switch hitters in history.  Whether favorable or not, I think it would be interesting.
I will never forget when the A’s lost to the royals in the wild card.
Terrence Gore also now has 3 WS rings too I believe. Baseball is weird 😂😂
At some point some team is gonna make Royalball work again by signing all the string bean speedsters left in the league after analytics eventually turns every other team into rosters full of minus-defender meat men.
Why did Rogers Hornsby not win the MVP award let alone even get enough votes to be in the top 25
Can we talk about why Roger Peckinpaugh won the 1925 AL MVP award please
Lovely video, Mad Dash belongs to Slaughter though. Don't trivialize the phrase.
Can you do the rise and fall of Paul Dejong
Gotta say, one of my favorite things about this video that I haven't seen mentioned yet, and what I hadn't noticed in the last 5 times I've watched this video, is the music. Really great choices for the entire video, and it somehow fits the Royals because it sounds fun.
Please do a video about chipper jones
Having played against these teams…. YUP. Great analysis as usual my friends!  PS. I still have Terrance Gore nightmares.
Greatest team ever, no bias
My newest addiction: foolish baseball
As a Jays fan, the loss to Kc was one of the most heartbreaking loses I’ve ever went though in all sports but looking back, they did some incredible things especially for the sake of small market teams in a league that actively works against them.
The Royals lost to my Giants in the World Series and plus the Royals suck now but don't worry Royals fans you still have Salvador Perez and the Royals Will one day be good again but for now they are rebuilding
Can you do a video on the 1987 twins season plz
As a royals fan, it sucked to watch all these great players leave, but that's part of cheering for a small market team. We've watched multiple HoF start with us then go elsewhere for more money. At least we got a couple trophies out of these awesome guys before they left
Lmao @ Guardspiders
Love your new mic, Bailey. Makes the BBBs feel more conversational, like you're right there next to me describing the rise of TTO baseball.
Hey Bailey, wondering if you’ve seen this old gem or took any inspiration from its style: https://youtu.be/xkz-Oa6XkGA   Love your stuff!!!
can you do a video on joe sewell the lowest strikeout ratio dude!
OH YOU SHOWED THAT GORDO GAME 1 HR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You single handedly got me interested in baseball again, thank you for your videos. Have you made any videos about Roger Clemens yet? I saw he had this really high Game Score.
As a childhood Royals fan, the 2014 and 2015 Royals are the reason I'm watching your videos today.  Thanks for this one, and all the others.
The 1999 Royals should have won it all. Look at their damn lineup. Unbelievable.
please do a video on what happened to eric thames
As a Royals fan, this was an extremely depressing experience.
*paraphrased*
Hey Foolish! A great team to use for the next video over one could totally be the 2019 Twins. There’s something about that team unlike any other, I’m sure a lot of people would love to see the details of them!
Hey Foolish, any chance we will ever see a video about Todd Helton’s 2000 season?? That season is arguably the best season by a hitter I’ve seen in my lifetime and it was crazy how he finished 5th in MVP Voting.
You can always tell a winning team by the fact that they win games more often than other teams.
Jesus loves you
Idk why but this is one I just completely fucking forgot about
Royalball you've seen Moneyball now come see the sequel starring that one guy who did that thing coming to theaters and HBO max soon
Do you think you could do a video on the cardinals?
Hey foolish, I think you need to do a video about Bo Jackson. Long overdue
The reason they didn’t become a dynasty? Market size. Yankees, dodgers, Red Sox, astros. All these teams have massive markets but Missouri? Kansas? Not too huge of a market. It truly is sad to see and something that needs to be changed. Idk how to compensate for lack of market size but it needs too cause otherwise it is gonna be 5 year stretches of the same teams playing in the series again and again until one team hopes and prays enough to even sniff the trophy.
FB, discovered your channel and I have binge-watched everything. You helped remind me how much I love the game of baseball, and I thank you for that.  Can I throw out a video idea? Can we please talk about Madison Bumgarner's RIDICULOUS postseason resume? I've watched all the games from that ridiculous era but I still have trouble wrapping my head around how dominant he was in those three championships.
Still bittersweet to see Yordano on the mound.
Somebody teach Bailey to use python or R
We're gonna need a video on the 2022 Cincinnati Reds. As I type this now, they are down 6-0, in the (checks notes) SECOND inning, looking to go 3-19, their worst start in franchise history. And that's signficant, because the Reds are the oldest franchise in MLB.
Can you do a video on how JBJ is the unluckiest player in the league. Please and thanks!
Reminds me when Kendrick Morales was a promising hitting and broke his ankle twice, the Twins picked him up and he was too slow.
R.I.P  Yordano Ventura
Damn we really were just built different
A great video would be Johan Santana and his dominance in the 2000s to a career ending too soon… kinda like the Tim Lincecum/Tulo video
Song at 10:50?
have you done a video on the worst season by a team in mlb history
lil uzr vert
The Mets will win the World Series they have the same strategy
Can you do a vid on Trevor Bauer’s 2 year suspension? I personally think that Bauer is getting seriously scammed of his status in baseball and public life. I’d love to hear your opinion.
Raised my whole life in KC & Baseball was always my #1 sport (diehard royals of course) --Those 2 seasons were simply magical    - was a Senior in High School in 2014 & ill never forget finally being allowed to go out with friends on a school night just to watch the playoff games & game 7 jumping with my dad in the living room yelling "run! RUn !" at the tv when Gordon was held up at 3rd.  - Then went to KU in 2015 & was a freshman me & a pack of buddies ran 2 miles to MASS st in Lawrence to celebrate with the masses (similar to final 4 or 2022 KU TITLE) Both times absolutely electric  great video per usual (real fans knew 2015 was ours after our start in april STRAIGHT OUTTA KAUFFMAN) RIPACE30
First base and in scoring position! That and the meme that quickly circulated "We gave them 8 innings to let them think they were going to win". Innings 6-9 were so thrilling to watch!
I loved our Royals in the '14-'15 years. You'd see games where teams were winning, but something was lacking. Then came the Royals who came out, and with a big smile showed off like they were playing in a sandlot. Just going out there to have fun. The one thing I didn't like about those years is how our hitters would constantly be getting hit by pitches, or so it would seem, and though I don't like seeing revenge pitches, it was nice to see us return the favor.
If they had Tim Locastro on that 2014 team (if he was already a player) I can't even imagine what would happen.
"Thats how the Mets talk"
Giant Royals fan. Grabbing Zobrist towards the end helped a whole lot too.
Do a video on Joey Gallo
Love the rays respect
I think these correlations illustrate what's "wrong" with baseball nowadays. Too much focus on homeruns = too many strikeouts. Too many dominant pitchers = too many strikeouts = boring games. Pitchers are too strong. It's too hard to make contact with the ball so you may as well just swing for the fences. This results in a boring game. I think pitchers need to be nerfed (which they KINDA have with the crackdown on substances) and the ball needs to be changed to result in fewer homeruns but more hits. Sure, homeruns are exciting, but it's just such a long lull between exciting moments most of the time.  When the highlight reels get significantly more views than the games, something is wrong with your sport.
Thanks, Foolish Baseball! Those were a couple of special years
excuse me but since when does barry bonds have the most drs in the history of left field
John Kennedy Jr on June 21st. 2022, just one day after Correa is traded to the Cubs, will arrive from the ashes to save me and Blake Treinen
I miss my good Royals... 🥺
It was a perfect blend of outcasts that no team wanted and young talent through the farm system with a never say die attitude. They had a clubhouse that was truly "Forever Royal". There wasn't a huge star on the team because they all leaned on each other and never put themselves over another. While it was a shame the Giants had to rely on Bumgartner to win, that was a hell of a World Series that both sides fought tooth and nail. While it maybe another 25 years until we see another good Royals team, even back when they won it all the first time in '85, they're always fun to watch win or lose.
I have to say that these Royals teams are my favorite type of build when making a baseball team. Although the HR numbers aren't going to be sexy, but the team can hit a boat load of 2Bs and 3Bs with their speed and big outfield, not to mention the incredible defense in both the infield and outfield. About the only thing those Royals teams lacked was a true ace starter, but all you need is 5 good innings when you have a bullpen like the 2015 Royals. Sure, no Holland, but Hochevar, Morales and the ultimate setup man Ryan Madson easily filled the gap. In 2014 there were the 3 aces that you had to deal with but in 2015... they had **five** plus plus arms in the bullpen.   I remember doing a simulation in MLB 15 The Show with this world series winning staff and proceeding to manage the staff to 116 wins. Not a single person hit 25 home runs. Didn't need them.   A team that was very similar was the pennant winning 2008 Rays. Crawford/Upton/Zobrist made an incredible defensive outfield, tons of doubles and steals. No true ace starter, but Balfour, Bradford, Percival, Wheeler and Howell made a dominant bullpen. It's a really niche way of winning a team but it's absolutely a strategy to rack up a ton of wins.   Doubles. Steals. Defense. Bullpen.
And I know this is a statistical show, but there were so many bizarre subplots of those seasons:  Ben Zobrist - Herald of Rings, the Hosmer/Moustakas bromance, Moustakas vs. The Shift, the entire team almost winning the fan voting for the All-Star Team, including Omar Infante, Alex Gordon getting HBP every at-bat, Alcides Escobar leading off and driving baseball purists insane in the process, and everybody questioning the Johnny Cueto trade precisely until Game 5 of the ALDS.  Man, those years were FUN.
Ah, the law firm of Herrera, Davis, and Holland.  Make it to the 7th inning with a one-run lead and the rest was secured.
I hope the royals keep their traditional uniforms. Clean, classy, and nostalgic much like the days of George Brett, Bret Saberhagen, Dan Quisenberry, and Bo Jackson. Ahh good times…
Let’s go Royals!
Wow, imagine if the Royals had the budget to keep some of their team? I think a small ball team with great defense and pitching can still be effective today. It just needs to be done right. Because rather than just striking out and hitting dingers when you don't, you get on base, you keep moving, force the pitchers to stay in longer and try to balance pitching and trying to get runners out, and it turns a single into an RBI chance.
Nothing shows off Bailey’s Georgia roots quite like his inability to pronounce “Royalball”
Let's Go Royals!!
I see we are talking about my home team. Instant watch.
They focused on putting the ball in play because things happen whwn there is more action on the field
Guardspiders?
Who's gonna catch a deep drive in the home office?! 🤣
You make baseball fun again.
The 2022 Cubs offense looks a lot like this. Just a lineup of nothing but high contact guys who give you a pesky at-bat but don't really hit it over the fence. It's working marvelously so far on the offensive side of the ball.
KC beat the O's in the '14 LCS stealing one base in a 4 game sweep, but their bullpen went 3-0 and gave up 2 runs in 16 innings.
Royals did the bullpening because they had to. These teams now do it to prove how smart the GM is.
cant believe he mentioned michael brantley once 😍😍 my fav player
"A humble YouTuber trying to fill up his Honda..." This shit got me clicking the Patreon.
man, i remember these royals team played some fun to watch baseball and were certainly an easy team to root for after the Tigers got knocked out of the playoffs. thanks for the video, cool stuff. not a fan of the 3 true outcome baseball really.
Can't wait for the 2029 baseball bits about the Braves Night Shift where you show the correlation between having a fun bullpen name and winning championships
The 1988 Los Angeles Dodgers had less HR's combined than one player in the Oakland A's team.
Although it could be attributed to the Power Bullpen the Royals had, the number of come-from-behind wins AFTER the 7th inning was something like 40.
Yo foolish you should do a series on the new ootp baseball :)
thanks mlb
As a Royals fan, 2014-2015 was a spectacular two-year run.
I don’t see anyone talking about “guardspiders” so I’ll say it…thank you, Bailey, that made me laugh really hard
Sportstorm already did this, but I'll tune in anyway
And boy, were those some GraphPad-ass graphs.
the 2017 Houston Astros also cheated so there's that
"Lil UZR Vert" Got me pausing to laugh
I miss this Royals team so much
"That's how the Mets talk"  I buy that
pain - Derek Norris, 2014
These were the best years in KC. There were no strangers. Every other house had a watch party, many of them outside on big screens. And we were NEVER out of a game. You did NOT turn off the game when they were down unless you wanted to hear about the most amazing comeback the next morning. It was electric. A 30 year drought combined with insane games made for an unforgettable two years.
Great video, despite a couple of harsh jabs. I wonder if this is the best formula for smaller market teams? One thing not mentioned is that the key players here were all drafted and grown up in the Royals system instead of being bought. Not only do you have to have those stars align, but you gotta recognize it's happening and go spend the money you do have available on pitching.
Fantastic video!
Timothy John Keefe (January 1, 1857 – April 23, 1933), nicknamed "Smiling Tim" and "Sir Timothy", was an American Major League Baseball pitcher. He stood 5 feet 10 inches (1.78 m) tall and weighed 185 pounds (84 kg). He was one of the most dominating pitchers of the 19th century and posted impressive statistics in one category or another for almost every season he pitched. He was the second MLB pitcher to record 300 wins. He was elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1964. Keefe's career spanned much of baseball's formative stages. His first season was the last in which pitchers threw from 45 feet, so for most of his career he pitched from 50 feet. His final season was the first season in which pitchers hurled from the modern distance of 60 feet, 6 inches. Keefe was born on January 1, 1857, in Cambridge, Massachusetts. His father, Patrick, was an Irish immigrant. When Tim Keefe was a child, Patrick served in the Union Army during the American Civil War. Patrick was a prisoner of war for several years.[1] All four of Patrick's brothers were killed in the war; Tim had been named after two of them. Tim's brother became a major and fought in the Spanish–American War.[2]  After the war, Patrick had high expectations for his son, and the two frequently fought over Tim's pursuit of baseball. With the help of local former pitcher Tommy Bond, Keefe persisted and became known as a standout local pitcher by 1876. Keefe's early professional career included minor league stints in Lewiston, Clinton, New Bedford, Utica, and Albany. Keefe entered the major leagues in 1880 with the Troy Trojans. He immediately established himself as a talented pitcher, posting an astounding 0.86 ERA in 105 innings pitched, a record that still stands. (He also posted the best Adjusted ERA+ in baseball history in 1880.) Despite the sterling ERA, he managed but a 6–6 record, pitching in 12 games, all complete games.  In 1883, after the Trojans folded, Keefe rose to stardom with the New York Metropolitans of the American Association under manager "Gentleman" Jim Mutrie and had one of the most dominating seasons in baseball's early history. On July 4 of that year, Keefe pitched both ends of a doubleheader against Columbus, winning the first game with a one-hitter; the second a two-hit gem. He went 41–27 over 619 innings pitched with a 2.41 ERA and 361 strikeouts. His 1884 campaign was almost as dominant, winning 37 games, losing 17, and striking out 334. In 1885, John B. Day, who owned the Metropolitans and the New York Giants of the National League, moved Keefe and Mutrie to the Giants. Here, Keefe joined future Hall of Famers Buck Ewing, Monte Ward, Roger Connor, Mickey Welch, and "Orator" Jim O'Rourke to form an outstanding team that finished with a fine 85–27 record. Keefe went 32–13 with a 1.58 ERA and 227 strikeouts. In 1887, Keefe sat out several weeks of the season after he struck a batter in the head with a pitch; he was said to have suffered a nervous breakdown.[4]  He had arguably his greatest season in 1888, when he led the league with a 35–12 record, 1.74 ERA and 335 strikeouts (see Triple Crown). He won 19 consecutive games that season, a record that stood for 24 years. The Giants played the St. Louis Browns of the American Association in a postseason series for the Dauvray Cup, and Keefe added four more wins to his tally. Keefe even designed the famous all-black "funeral" uniforms the Giants wore that season.  Keefe was very well paid for his career, yet he was a leading member of the Brotherhood of Professional Base Ball Players, an early players' union that fought for the welfare of players. He assisted his brother-in-law Monte Ward to form the Players' League for the 1890 season. As a co-organizer of the Players' League, he recognized that he might be financially vulnerable if the league failed to make money. Keefe transferred ownership of his real estate assets to his mother so that they would remain safe from any legal rulings.[5]  Shortly before the Players' League was founded, Keefe had started a sporting goods business in New York with W. H. Becannon, a former employee of baseball owner and sporting goods entrepreneur Albert Spalding. Keefe and Becannon manufactured the Keefe ball, the official baseball of the league. Spalding and the other NL owners fought against the new league, employing legal and financial maneuvers (such as slashing NL ticket prices) that made competition difficult.[6] The Players' League folded after one season.[5]  In the 1891 preseason, Keefe refused a salary offer of $3,000 from New York; he had earned $4,500 in the previous season. Keefe said, "I want to play in New York, but I never will for a $3,000 salary... To tell you the truth, however, I do not think I am wanted in the New York team, and this cutting method is being pursued to keep me out."[7] Keefe ultimately signed with the team for a $3,500 salary.[5]  During the 1891 season, Keefe was released by New York. He was drawing a high salary and was not meeting the expectations of the team's leadership. After his release, Keefe said, "I hate to leave New York, am very fond of it, and would do all in my power for New York, but what am I to do? I have been systematically done by the New York Baseball Club... They would not let me play, and when I did get a chance, I worked under a disadvantage. I feel that I am just as good a player as I ever was."[8]  Keefe moved to the Philadelphia Phillies after his release from the Giants. He retired after the 1893 season with 342 wins (10th all time), a 2.62 ERA, and 2,562 strikeouts. His 2,562 strikeouts were a major league record at the time of his retirement. He was also the first pitcher to achieve three 300-plus strikeout seasons, done during his dominating prime in the 1880s in which he won the most games of the decade with 291. He still holds the record for having wins in the most ballparks, with 47.  Keefe was nicknamed "Sir Timothy" because of his gentlemanly behavior on and off the field. He never drank or smoked. Late in his playing career, Keefe began to coach college baseball and he continued in this capacity after his retirement as a player. Beginning in the spring of 1893, Keefe began to work as a pitching coach for Harvard.[10] Keefe also worked as an umpire for a total of 243 major league games; his most active year was 1895, when he umpired 129 games. He was also involved in real estate. He died in his hometown of Cambridge, Massachusetts, at the age of 76.  Keefe was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1964 after being elected by the Veterans Committee. Six players were inducted that year, and Keefe was one of five who had been voted in by the Veterans Committee.
15:21 portal 2 zach if that's you on the patreon list and you're watching this and you see this comment I love you
Bunt, Steal, Bunt, Steal! Take that Billy Beane!
i miss my team
my absolute favorite team of all time, i was so shocked to see this in my notifications
One of my favorite teams of all time!  Scrappy guys who were together and just played fundamental baseball.  Plus, so exciting to watch.  Loved the Jarrod Dyson love too
as someone who played baseball all growing up and got away from the game for about a decade, your videos have helped me get back and i thank you. but as a tigers fan you can piss off with your royals video, its a shame the tigers didn't cash in a championship
can you do a Ken Griffey Jr. vid
That formula still can win.
Best stats videos on the internet
2:51 lol the 94 season really got 3 teams on here because of a shortened season
Bro tried to make a uzi reference 9:48
Guardspiders lmao
Herb Washington 0 AB 31 SB
12:34 is the best joke you’ve made on this channel and it’s going over everyone’s heads lol
the 1987 twins won because they cheated, Bailey
Morales was one of toughest outs I’ve seen during the 2015 postseason.
I love what you do - all your videos are super insightful and well-produced
Former White Sox HOF play by play announcer Hawk Harrelson would nickname bloop singles "Kansas City Specials" as an ode to their hitting approach in 14-15😂😂😂
"Guardspiders" hehe
Buxton has said in many interviews that he never steals 3rd because he knows he can score from 2nd on any ball that leave the infield
God I hated the 2015 Royals
I always thought you pronounced it “Bumgardener” LOL
I think that Royalball is not the best way to win a World Series, but it is the best way for certain teams to get the best results. As you said, having a big outfield makes fast outfielders more valuable, and having conditions that make fast players more valuable defensively translates well to the implementation of strategies involving fast players offensively.
Lil uzr vert
Their pitching stats were a product of their outfielders
I would have loved for you to had payed more attention to the mastermind behind this style of game play... the manager.
"That's what speed do" - Jarrod Dyson circa 2015
Dude you got baseball commenting on your videos!!! You’ve made it bro!!!
Who's the guardspiders? 😅
Jonny Gomes sorcery
The 2014-2015 Royals was one of my favorite teams ever. They were very unusual, and its quite possible we may never see their like again :(
As an Astros fan, I remember our 2015 postseason appearance, beating the Yankees in the WC game in the Bronx. Then we faced the Royals in the ALDS, pushed to a 2-1 series lead, and were six outs from advancing to the ALCS. Our bullpen was our Achilles heel and KC rallied to win game 4 and eventually the series. If I had any doubt before, I knew then those Royals teams were truly special.
This guy’s crazy I’ma super noob and he makes this interesting and I get what he’s saying too. After an all night binge I know this: <4 ERA is good & this shit’s a mind game first
Guardspiders, LMAO
Is that Bailey slapping the bass in the intro song ?
Hitting ball hard = bullshit and cringe  Stolen bases = fun   If it’s fun to watch, I want them to win
those defensive metrics really help put their starting pitching in perspective. I remember this team and its 2015 WS run well.  And was certainly rooting for them over the Mets after my team was eliminated, and also in 2014 over the Giants, whom I'll always root against.  It helped that it was immediately apparent how idiosyncratic their high-contact game plan was, and the Mets' poor infield defense became such a glaring deficiency with all those balls in play.   Still, I never had any faith in their rotation (they all had such high ERAs! and that's even with the great defense playing behind them!). Foolish doesn't even mention their rotation once in this video!    Looking back at stats now.  Gotta appreciate Lorenzo Cain's 6.1 fWAR.
LMAOOOO THE BLAKE TREINEN COMMENT
Those guys were fun in the late 1970s and they were fun during those two years.  I haven't watched any baseball since then and the Royals aren't even my team.
The Royals are always an interesting case study just for the fact they won in a way that we hadn't really seen before, and I honestly doubt we'll see one again
Foolish !!!
Oh you thought Lorenzo Cain's nice? Should've seen Ol' Jimmy Piersall flash the leather smh
Treinen fan club = QAnon?
I love how most people act how this 2 year period didn't happen, watching the games were so exciting, I can usually never watch entire games but I watched every playoff game these 2 years for the royals
An important reason this type of game helps is the size of the stadium. With one of the largest stadiums, you can't have a home run focused team. The Royals took advantage of this
Buxton hasn't stolen 3rd because he's always injured. He never gives himself a chance to do so.
Love it. As a Giants fan I was rooting hard for the 2015 Royals to win. Great team, great fanbase, would like to see a resurgence of the Royals in the AL!
Baseball is so fun to watch when smaller market teams such as the royals dominate the game of baseball
Miggy 3000?
No one gonna talk about 12:35
Daniel Nava!
"That's a healthy piece of real estate".....Homsar?
Maybe the most pound for pounds jokes of any FB video.
Arm Barn 😂
I think a big reason why the team fell apart after 2015 was the untimely death of Yordano Ventura. I honestly think had he not passed, they would've made another run in 2016 - which is why they didn't want to trade Hosmer/Moustakas/Cain - even though most KC fans were clamoring for them to do so when we fell out of contention relatively early. I loved the video, though. Great work.
Reminds me of the old  twins teams in the dome with the piranhas, punto, Bartlett, tyner. Great defense along with pitching from Santana, radke and nathan seemed to be all you need.
(I am a royals fan btw)  “Enter the 2014 and 2015 Kansas City Royals”  *distant memories*
Always makes my day,when Foolish comes out with a video.
@11:11 superscript is your friend
Really thought we were getting the Foolish Dorktown collabo everybody wants.
Andrew Benintendi  this guy doesn’t even have 400 batting average 16 homers but I gotta admit the royals are good his average is .372
Nice homage to Teddy K
Another GREAT vid ! Wish you could make more . By eye test I would have thought Dwight Evans  to be a great right fielder defensively . (P.S. I saw Bucky Dents and Carlton Fisks Homers Live on T.V. )Maybe you could make make videos on red sox outfield ( Lynn , Rice , Evans ) ., or Blue Jays  (Moseby , Barfield , Bell ) or even expos outfield of ( Dawson , Valentine and Raines ) .  It would be interesting to note why the Tigers couldn't win with a staff of Verlander , Scherzer , Sanchez , Fister .etc.. Good health and luck to your family !
subbed
5:50 is still in my rotation of desktop wallpapers. #KTLM
the wind up of the catchers during the stolen bases was so satisfying all their power compacting before being released
12:33 HAHAHAHAH
Excellent video. Thanks for not focusing on their odd lead off choice, which gets too much focus usually. The D/pen model has become a relatively cheaper way of gaining additional wins (Rox in 17-18 made playoffs w two awful offensive teams thanks to D and good SP/RP). I think contact and speed was an undervalued aspect of the game throughout 2010s, made more so on 2020s. Cubs are putting together interesting lineup that feels somewhat Royals like. But in the end, if you don't pay to keep your players, you can have a dynasty. Or if you don't treat them right in other ways. But for my money, give me a Royals over Stros tankcity or Dodgers superteams any day.
july 4
I was at game seven of the Giants series, I remember bawling my eyes out after getting bumgarnered and thinking the magic couldn’t possibly be replicated. Then it happened the next year. An amazing time to be in KC.
The 2021 Cleveland team was called the Indians
Verily I say unto you, This generation shall not pass away, till all be fulfilled. Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.   (Luke 21:32-33) - It's the last time. The Lord is coming soon. Believe in Jesus, repent and be saved.
Ill never forget the 2014 wild cars game. I never liked baseball or watched it, but i got home from work and that game was all that was on. I turned it on in the 7th and watched to the end. Those final innings single handedly made me a baseball fan. It was so good i followed the royals underdog story all the way to game 7 and the ultimate bumgarnering. The next season i started following and watching baseball as a royals fan, and became a fan for life after the 2015 title. Now, 7 years later, ive learned about what a “small market team” is, and that ive doomed myself to years of suffering. But id do it all again for those two playoff runs. Go royals
The dominance of HDH will never be replicated on that level.  If all three were available and the Royals had a lead, it was over.  Even when Holland went down, the line kept moving with Davis taking over the closing role and being about as dominant as you can get.  I remember when the Royals took the lead in game 5 of the 2015 WS.  I immediately left my house to go get WS gear because Wade wasn't giving up 5 hits let alone 5 runs.  He gained the nickname Cyborg because he was automatic.
How now one talking about Lil UZR Vert lmfao
I always refer back to the Kansas City Royals on that dominant run with such a low payroll (and really still do). And I'm a Tigers fan so it sucks haha...
Jessica Mendoza jumped all over that trendy corporate stat bullshit.  Gak. Fuck Espn.
Congrats on trending and 250k!
alright why do i feel like this channel was made for me? it's got banging chiptune music, pixel art AND sabermetrics? extremely awesome
There is a corollary to the Royal's bullpen.  Let's revisit the Braves bullpen of the 90s.  With the Royals, getting past the starter only made life harder, with the Braves, getting past the starter could be a disaster for them.  Every year we see how bullpens are a vital key to winning, and yet...
I seem to remember the Royals having a crazy contact hitting rate as well, one that wasn't likely to be replicated over a couple of years.  I forget the advanced stats, but in 2014, they were second in batting average and had the fewest strikeouts.  Being ninth in runs, they role their bullpen to victory.  The next year: second in average, sixth in runs.  They only stole 104 bases, but hit a ton of doubles and triples.
You ain’t gotta post a 15 min videos. That speed and base running aggressive was top tier in the league
Yo, this is #37 on youtube trending!
Living in Omaha had the pleasure of watching this team move up one by one to KC from AAA,  I knew them long before the rest of the world did.
i miss this team so much 😭😭😭
Funny that the Tigers of 2011-14 were the exact opposite of that
I remember getting off a plane in Las Vegas wearing my Royals hat and t-shirt in 2014 just before the ALDS. Random people were high fiving me and screaming GO ROYALS as a walked through the airport and to my rental car. One of my favorite memories of all time.
No credit to Ned Yost for managing that band of small ball ragamuffins.  Ned got chased out of Milwaukee for doing exactly what he did in KC.
As a diehard/lifelong Royals fan who was born in 1986, I absolutely loved my 2014 and 2015 Royals. After not having even made the playoffs EVER in my life up to that point (that's 30 years, by the way), they made back to back World Series appearances and of course won it all in 2015. AND, of course, we haven't been back to the playoffs since (though we should have in 2016 but blew it.)   That said, I have hope for my Royals here in the next few years.
*A crazy stat not mentioned:* These royals won *111* consecutive games when leading after 7 innings.
Yeessss I was waiting for this episode lol
Not to be a downer, but I think the Royals did not have stiff competition in 2015. There route was Astros: 86 wins, Jays 93 wins, Mets 90 wins. The best teams got remarkably better after that. The Cubs won 103 games in 2016, the Astros won 101 in 2017 after beating a 104 win Dodger team. Then the Red Sox won a 108 in 2018. Now we are at the point where teams who win a 106 games get wild card spots (Dodgers).
Boy, I sure do love video engagement!
This was a really good Baseball Bits Foolish, nice work. Definitely in the top 10 for me.  And one more thing - Tim Keefe gang rise up!
Being a Royals fan was so fun during these years. I never felt like they were out of a game. They could rally anything together.
Yordano Ventura's tragic death was exactly the type of thing a small market team cannot overcome.  Many factors led to the Royals reversion to their mean.
I had such mixed feelings about this team. I absolutely HATED Ventura and his relentless unnecessary trash talk (r.i.p) but I went to HS with Danny Duffy one if their SP. I came to the conclusion I'd pull for Duffy whenever he'd start a game on the mound but hated them any other time. Lol I couldn't stand their manager either... came off as a total frat jock douche.  But once again, this content is top tier
Again, amazing content
Ken “Hawk” harrelson used to always call every little bloop single a Kansas City special. Cool to find out why
Can't believe my royals are still getting videos today
As a met fan and being at game 5 of the World Series I completely agree. They put pressure on the defense on the pitcher with the threat of the steal. There bullpen was nasty and they robbed so many clutch hits the Mets could’ve put up with there defense in the outfield
As someone who lived an loved baseball In Omaha Nebraska an having the royals do themselves proud was really cool. Seeing all those minor league guys show up big an especially Alex Gordon Mr baseball for Nebraska made it even better.
I remember KC started going on a tear after the All Star break in 2014. The South Korean Super Fan Mr. Lee came to town and the Royals won every night he was there. Wade Davis seemed unhittable and when it was all done KC made it to 2 World Series and when they won it the final out was made by yep, you guessed it, Wade Davis.
That royals team was also the funnest baseball team to watch by far
We can't ignore that bullpen. Wade Davis, Herrera, Holland... it was the perfect storm of "how to make an ok team go far."  We had 3 major beliefs in the Royals subreddit:   1. Speed is key, or "thats what speed do".  2. Keep the line moving.   3. 2/3 of the earth is covered in water, the rest is covered by Lorenzo Cain.  Speed doesn't only get you stolen bases, it gets you extra bases every game. A single stretched into a double, which for a speedster is scoring position.
I'm sure this is a good video, but as an A's fan I can't watch this
NORDVPN will protect foolish from the fanclubs hacking him. I dared not to say the fanclubs name because i have NORDVPN
Three True outcome baseball is so fucking boring.
Huge outfield? Laughs in Polo Grounds.
I actually enjoyed watching the royals but I did hate them for sweeping my Angel's on their world series run. RIP Ventura
Best channel on Youtube.
They had six starters with an OPS+ over 119, the best bullpen in the last 30 years, elite defense and baserunning, and always put the ball in play, making opponents actually play the game.  To quote Andy McCullough: “The entire point of the Royals is that baseball is a hard game and if you make your opponent do things, sometimes they will screw up.”
"it shows like defense can't make up for poor pitching"  The Cardinals made a playoff run and won 17 straight games with JA Happ Jon Lester and Jake Woodford starting for them because of defense
Lil UZR Vert 😂
I can't catch in the home office. Mom says no ball in the house.
ranked 25th this week but number 1 in my heart. KC MO
Common Guardspiders stolen base success
I’ve been thinking about the Treinen joke all day
Babe wake up! Foolish baseball just uploaded!
This was the ultimate peak of being a Royals fan. Miss these days
9:49 “Lil UZR vert” too good😭
The Tim Keefe fandom is so toxic.
Yes Oh
so essentially you're saying that knowing the math of baseball has ruined baseball? TTO ball is so boring and is why people arent watching anymore.
Sorry.  I almost didn't watch the entire video because I was admiring Michael Brantley's swing for a while. @3:22 Great content. Also...Jarrod Dyson.  "I was the #1 pick....in the 50th round." Sorry.  I just found that interesting.
As a baseball fan, I am obligated to watch and enjoy this video.  As a Mets fan, it pains me to relive 2015.
2019 nats look at your super bullpen and laugh. i wouldn't say that the 2019 nats are just as much of an outlier, but they certainly bucked trends. beyond prioritizing starting pitching over everything, they also were super savvy on the front of signing veterans - straight up old men - that the market had turned their back to at a bargain. it worked
This is how I feel the current Guardians team plays. Get on base and hand the reins to the next guy up. Its been working so far!
Homogeneity? Hegemony?
ah yes, the Cleveland GuardSpiders
Do a video on the 2005 White Sox. Kinda like this team, it was Hella scrappy and had even less superstars
6:56 "the only player in MLB history with more steals than plate appearances" Herb Washington says hi
don't shift on the royals in 2015, they'll tag one through the gap.
I just wanna give a nod to the JFK comment, well done sir. Also, amazing content as always!
be good
Guardspiders 💂🕷🕸
Hopefully we get back to being good there is a lot of promise with the arms in the bullpen and young hitters coming up. The pitching is the main focus and hopefully Brentz, Barlow, Garette can become a trio. They’re doing pretty well so far. Spiere was a good pickup. I just want the hitting to come around.
Watching Wade Davis close out the 2015 Blue Jays with 2 in scoring position was a gut punch I knew was coming and chose to watch anyway. Also, THAT WAS NOT A STRIKE JEFF NELSON. (Blue Jays fans know.)
I miss this team so much
Alexa play "We Broke the Rules" by Aventura
Man, they were so fun to watch during that time. The KC area was so hyped up! Just glad I got to see the Royals and Chiefs both win a championship in my lifetime. In the early 2000's I figured that would be a long shot.
I most appreciate the mention of the graphs😂 was really wonderin…
1:15 It’s pronounced Rural Juror
Lil Uzi Vert is the most comprehensive, robust, and useful stat and you can't change my mind.
9:08 yup that's not HOFer Barry Bonds using steroids to... play left field better??
Foolish Baseball on my favorite team ever. Joyful day.
Pain
Gosh they were good
I can promise you that Orioles fans do not, in fact, love the 2014 Royals.
Great vid as always legend
Basically if the Royals had the lead at the end of the 6th inning the game was already won.  If the Royals were tied or down by 1 after the 6th inning the Royals still had a decent chance of winning because they wouldn't be giving up another run for the rest of the game.  You could almost say this was also true going into the 6th inning since the Royals tended to have a pretty good 4th bullpen arm too.  It was a really fun ride as a Royals fan for a couple years.
6:50 *forgets Herb Washington exists*
Michael Brantley always looks like he's on the brink of tears
Loved the Arm Barn title
IM IN A FOOLISH VIDEO.            Harrison bader catch I am in the front row on the right
"Guardspiders"
Can you do a Rays Video?
I don't think I'll ever be able to describe just what it felt like watching those guys. Everything was white knuckle all of the time, it felt like the wheels could come off and the whole thing collapse at any moment-but at the same time, you had total faith in them to pull it off, even if it was by some wacky bullshit. I was in Mexico when they won it all in 2015, and my folks happened to be down visiting me during the series. We watched every game together on local TV with Spanish commentary. Game 5 was the last night they were in town, so I was hoping that would be the last game-and, sure enough, with their flight just a few hours away, we were huddled around a small TV in a hotel in central Mexico, celebrating as Wade threw that last strike. I'm sure I was about the only born-and-bred Royals fan in all of Mexico, but by God I wore my jersey the next day and got congratulations and thumbs-up from strangers on the street. Good times indeed.
I miss these years so much 😭
Love the "gas is expensive these days" joke, had me LOLing for a good minute
Gas expensive these days?   I think it's damn cheap as the value of our fiat debt note currency has lost significant value last 2 years with covid after the follow through of the 2009 *Obama Recovery* that because gas prices aren't 3x higher it's kind of a deal at these prices.  There are better deals out there but I would have thought you would have said discounted gas prices.  It's not that the prices are going up, but the value of our fiat debt note currency backed by nothing made by central banks whom only push buttons on computers is losing it's value.
Tim life fan club!!!!!!
As a Mets fan losing that World Series hurt
I’m not sure if you noticed, but you hit 100 videos with the bleier one. Congratulations and keep making funny, great, analytical content
I miss these years. Maybe in another 30 years I can see playoff baseball again because this organization refuses to spend any money to evolve.
I love those 80’s Cardinals teams.👌⚾️
“Lil UZR Vert” had me laughing way too hard lol
Guard Spiders is a better name than guardians
Guardspiders
CuM n Getcha Foolish
excellent as always
The 2014-2015 Royals' bullpen was so intimidating. You pretty much knew that if you were down against them going into the 5th or 6th inning, you had no chance.
4 teams hit 95 home runs in 2020
ROYALS LOVE 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
babe why aren’t you just using excel
11:17 "Great defense can't make up for poor pitching." No, but bad defense can undermine good pitching.
let’s fucking go new BB
God i love Tim Keefe
I bring this up all the time - in the 2014 World Series, holding Gordon was 100% the right thing to do. The mistake was letting Perez hit - Ned Yost should have send Dyson up to pinch hit, and have him show bunt on the first pitch.
I really do think we had one of the most overlooked World Series runs of all time in 2014 and 2015. Mainly because the Cubs won in 2016
Mom , foolish posted !!!!
maybe I’m wildin’, but could you do a breakdown of outfield -throw-out advancing runner- stats? Like looking velocity and (low sample) clutch stats as well as runs/bases saved. Sometimes they are thrown “by incredible arms”, and sometimes they are thrown by unexpected ones. Are there guys that correlate and are there guys that get too much respect?   Thanks! Big fan of the videos!
Can you do a video on Yankees analytics malpractice since the 2010s
OH MY GOD OH MY GOD OH MY GOD FOOLISH BASEBALL MADE A VIDEO ABOUT THE ROYALS THIS IS THE BEST DAY OF MY LIFE IM LITERALLY CRYING
Thank you for making this as a Royals fan made my week
All hail smallball.   This was such a fun team to watch.
Does anyone notice that MLB YouTube guy is stalking this channel?
Guardspiders
Royals baseball is very entertaining. I’ve always enjoyed watching competitive, low-budget teams because they find other ways to win. Unlike the Yankees, Astros, or Mets, who spend lots of money and use power and velo to win. They’re both successful, and find ways to win ballgames, but defensive gems, stolen bases, and extra basehits are more entertaining than the three true outcomes.
He really tried to sneak in lil uzi
Moneyball 2.0
As a Giants fan, that 2014 Royals team was a lot of fun to watch and push the Giants to their limit. It was one of my favorite WS to watch
I like watching Treinen pitch but yeah he’s a nut job
One of the worst teams to ever win, if the jays had one of Cecil or Loup there is no way they lose the alcs
9:13 Okay, I think its about time somebody talked about Barry Bonds as a defensive player, because that stat is ridiculous.
I think the nationals improbable run to the World Series deserves a video
as a jays fan who wasn’t alive in 92-93 the 2015 ALCS still gives me nightmares. that was our best shot at winning it all in my lifetime so far and that team not doing it kills me to this day
Damn it Bailey! This was supposed to be Bridgerton video.
I love graphpad Prism! My lab uses it all the time, especially for the generation of publication-quality figures, the price tag is ridiculous though.
Tim Keeefe Gang represent
Also the first team to use the video replay room!
This is the second blue thumbnail video with more of a teal shade. The color meta continues to evolve in ways we cannot comprehend
Long time video coming!
Nice lil shoutout to BlaQe Treinen
Foolish Bailey you missed the key component of RoyalBall - BABIP. Everyone knows 2014-2015 Royal win by BABIP'ing their opponents to death
how we just not gonna talk about 'lil UZR vert' at 9:45
I can’t tell if this is your best work or I’m just noticing more cleverness. bravo
This is my favorite channel on YouTube
As a giants fan who lost to these royals, I respect the org
What do China, Nazis, Stalin, and Youtube have in common?  They love to censor people.  Youtube likes to break your freedom of speech.
You have no idea what it was like being in KC during that two year run, I’ll never forget being at the wildcard game against the A’s. I’ve never hugged so many strangers in my life. Forever Royal!
In the 2015 World Series, the Royals only hit 2 home runes the whole series. Both came in Game 1, the first being the inside the park home run by Alcides on the first pitch, and then Gordon taking Familia deep to tie the game in the 9th
We may never see a team like this again.
Lil UZR Vert?!😂😂😂😂
That Treinen typed out "comment" had me dying
Me a Royals fan: "Those were the glory days..."
Great video as always. Always providing great insight and context with the stats.
The dodgers hit 115 homeruns in 2020 in 60 games the royals hit 95 in 162 only 6 years apart
madbum will forever own this team
What I'm hearing is baseball should be drafting from division 1 track and field
As a Mets fan I think I'm legally required to dislike this team, but god were they fun. Great analysis as always!
Chief, the Keefe Fan Club would like to know if your fancy analytics and graphing software show any correlation in fandom between Tim Keefe and (Sammy) Sosa. Thanks!
Thank you for this video
the Blake Treinen bit killed me
One of my favorite baseball teams ever.
Contrast this team with the 2019 Nats that won the world series with an AWFUL bull pen, and just rode their starters.
The Royals thrived on creating chaos and forcing teams to deal with it. That bullpen they had was the real clincher though. An offense that makes hell and forces mistakes and a defense and bullpen that takes away hits even when you do everything right is the right kind of terror to force bad decisions. The tiniest mistakes were exploited for huge gains and it was fantastic to see. These Royals teams and Bautista's bomb against the angels really reinvigorated my love for baseball.
Foolish should only get deeper into the statistics. Better keep that graphing program; i wanna see a three way anova next vid
FUCK YEAH TIM KEEFE SHOUT OUT!
"Lil UZR Vert"
Maybe they were the best defensive outfield ever, but only because we never got to see the Cumberlanders outfield with Catfish, Ozark, and Burnside roam the fields of the Hermitage in vintage base ball.
little bit of moneyball talk in there, still true as ever
LMAO THE TREINEN COMMENT AMAZING
WSJ just did an article on the defensive runs saved metric and why perhaps in an era defined by the Three True Outcomes, defense no longer wins championships?  From 2011 through 2014, the Tigers compiled an average DRS of minus-40.5. They still managed to win four straight division titles and an American League pennant during that stretch.   Perhaps a new Foolish Baseball episode topic?
I like the 2014-2015 Royals way more than I should seeing that I am a Mets fan
very cool almost as cool as how every 60 seconds in Africa a minute passes
Remember when the MLB nearly canceled the Allstars voting cause nearly every position was filled with Royals players? Yeah, that was 2015
Mike Trout: 0 Postseason wins Terrence Gore: 3 World Series rings
Lmao, good one with the Blake reference. Great pitcher, but he made it easy to not miss him regardless after leaving the A's...
nice
I went to a royals game in 2014 in September and wow that was still the best game I’ve ever been too
Despite the Royals bullpen success we just couldn't develop starting pitching the way the Rays and Cleveland can, that's why there wasn't a Royals dynasty. In stock market term we're the GameStop of baseball
Tim Keefe sigma grindset
Your uploads make me happy when I see them
Your mom caught a deep drive in the home office.
Did no one see he called the Indians the guardspiders
love this vid. good job bailey
A day with Bailey dropping a BBits is always a good day for America
Really just came in hot with the Ted K reference I love it
Makes me happy to be a royals fan 😊
I wish I could give this a second like
Lil UZR Vert
Tim keefe> your favorite player
as a part of the tim keefe gang, he has the best pitching season ever with 293 era+, i think you should do a video on his season foolish!
Good video Bailey
cool now do 2010-2014 giants
Bailey I want you to know I named my Fantasy Baseball team Lil UZR Vert in 2018
TIM KEEFE!!!!
MLB the show is all gonna be guys with 99 speed now…
Dose anyone know a unlimited wardle website
Thanks for bringing up memories of these teams! Only critique is I so badly wanted you to say HDH and say them in order! H(errera)D(avis)(Holland) for the 7th 8th and 9th
I love that Bailey's shitposting is bleeding into his main channel
I cheered for these "underdog" Royals in the 2014 playoffs and they rewarded me by shutting down my Blue Jays in 2015 :( Great team though
i think about alcides escobar’s first pitch inside the park home run to lead off the 2015 WS multiple times a week. so much adrenaline in the air. absolute crack.
Was that a Ted K reference Bailey?
haven’t watched yet i really hope he talks about how sick kelvin herrera was
maybe one of the best videos so far
Guardspiders lol
BlaQ Treinen joke got me good.
I miss small ball. I stick by my claim that a team that returned to it would dominate in the era of three true outcomes.
Defense WINS championships.
Give me another dodgers series maybe ab the pandemic win
That royals team was so much fun to watch. Seeing my dad, a lifelong KC fan who was at game 6 of the 85 world series, lose his mind after that 2014 wild card walk off, go nuts when they traded for cueto and zobrist, then winning it all after 30 years... man that was special. Saying they caught lightening in a bottle is an understatement
We need a video about the Braves or Braves player
Glad to see this kind of content. This is what made you popular. Always dance with the one that brung you.
lets go baseball
Holy shit that JFK Jr joke!
It's way way waaaaay too early but I feel like the 2022 Rockies are on this track; great bullpen, amazing defense and solid small ball hitting so far, I've been really enjoying watching them.
Guess you can Carlos Beltran was good at stealing signs and bases
4:56 Guardspiders
I feel like small market teams should build more this way. Power is way more expensive than defense and speed.
TIM KEEFE SUPREMACY FOREVER 293 ERA + OMG OMG OMG OMG
I come for the intelligent and well researched statistical analysis. I stay for the Ted Kaczynski references.
lil uzr vert lmao
Will you ever look at the 10-12-14 giants? Feels like the most recent baseball dynasty that no one ever talks about. You’ve done Bonds in 4 and the Timmy&Tulo so makes sense if you’d shy away but really that run isn’t talked about enough
i think the astros used other cameras besides the statcast ones
5:48 as a Royals fan, seeing the Met fans cheering for an easy out but then throwing their hands on their heads after that mistake gives me goosebumps every single time
Another great video! Holy shit keep it up! Also Lil UZR Vert got me good 😭😂
I was at game 5 of that World Series the throw to home gets me every time. But if there was ever a team to beat my Mets I’m glad it was the royals. Looking back they were so much fun to watch.
The key to winning the WS all of you're hitters becoming white hot at the same time I'm surprised more GM's haven't utilized this strategy.
Viva Los Reales
Gotta be honest. That 2015 World Series was a great and bad memory for me as a Mets fan but what made it worse…I love that Royals team. They played the game the way it’s meant to be played. Every player on that team was consistent and played both sides of the field well.
Guardspiders?
I have so much to say about this video, thank you so much for doing this.  I was working, delivering pizza during these years. Im from Kansas and I would listen to the Royals off and on throughout 2014. In 2015, I listened to every single game while I worked. I didn't think they were going to the world series or trying to immulate some sort of bandwagon. Was just more interested in baseball and decided to listen to it on the radio, game 1.   Game 5 of the World series, wade Davis on the mound to close out the game, I'm sitting in the dark in our pizza hut dinning room. We have the game on but it's just me and my good buddy who was the manager. We would go out for smoke breaks between innings. He had his hand on my shoulder, we watched in silence , "Strike 3!" We both leaped up and yelled! A tear ran down my face because I felt a part of the team. I knew people in KC that were celebrating, it was just a great moment for us Kansas people.    Love that you highlighted the bullpen. When it got to the 7th with a lead... You knew it was over.   Thanks again. 🙏💙 R.i.p Ventura
Everybody gangsta till July 4, 2022
Foolish ur videos are amazing. Stat nerd here. I’m 12 My grandpa just died and it’s my birthday next week can I be in a video with you? I understand if you say no just pls reply
Tough vid as a Mets fan
Go Royals
Leroy Jenkins xWOBA 🤣
I only KNEW there was a matter of time before a video like this came out. I remember thinking exactly how they won the World Series. Not with gaudy numbers but with strategic playing
This was my favorite version of any MLB team ever, and the 2014 wild card game vs Oakland was probably my favorite game
The correlation of Homeruns to Wins, and FIPs to wins shows how important defence is, that the leagues best strategy is... dont play it
I will be willing to catch a deep drive in the home office
YAY!! A NEW BASEBALL BITS EPISODE!!!
can you dedicate a video to explaining each decade in baseball, and how it correlates into now and maybe the future of the MLB?
:)
These Royals teams slapped
this era of royals baseball was so fun. here’s to hoping bobby witt pushes them into a new golden age
If I had a time machine I would definitely have to go back to those 2014-15 Royals and just enjoy every minute of it. A lot of people forget that beyond the playoff Royals people loved, us Royals fans got to enjoy watching the most beautiful and exciting baseball for 162 games a year
Excuse me, on July the 4th what will happen
I love your videos, FB. You really make it feel like a Baseball-Reference page leaps off the screen and comes to life!
Lil UZR vert 😭😭
i’m not a KC fan but for whatever reason i followed the 2015 royals all the way through their playoff run. i’ll never forget that wild card game walkoff by sal perez, a game’s final score determined by a matter of inches away from both the 3rd baseman’s glove and the foul line. if not for that they wouldn’t have had the chance to win it all. they are one of my favorite WS champ teams.
9:13 You made a mistake Bailey but i’ll let you figure out what it was
9:45 Daniel Nava spotting
Arm Barn got me.
Another fantastic video, loved it! I was on Baseball Reference and I saw something interesting which this made me think of. Last year, 2 teams with very high winning percentages had really different plate approaches in a different way to this. In 2021, the Braves swung at the first pitch 35.6% of the time, leading to 3.9 pitches/PA, The Yankees, on the other hand, swung at the first pitch 26.5% of the time, nearly 10% less than the Braves and had 4.1 pitches/PA. I then looked at the 5 players with the most and least pitches/PA (min 600 PA) and got this:  Most: 1. Matt Chapman (4.29) 2. Jose Ramirez 3. Joey Gallo 4. Mark Canha 5. Yoan Moncada 6. Robbie Grossman  Least: 1. David Fletcher (3.33) 2. Isiah Kiner-Falefa 3. Manny Machado 4. Salvador Perez 5. Whit Merrifield 6. Vlad Guerrero jr  My conclusion: There's still plenty of plate approaches that can lead to a good hitting record and I went into a Baseball Reference death spiral for little to no reason and I think a Baseball Bits comment section is the only place where people will relate to me.
Can we ever get a a video on the other underdog WS winning team, the 2019 Nationals
TIL a good team consists of good pitching and good hitting which allows them to score more runs than their opponents.
TIM KEEFE LETS GOOOO
This one is going to hurt. Lolmets.
feel like you are missing juiced balls impact, i'm sure statcast may have had SOME influence on homeruns, but do you really think only launch angles have led to the league hitting over a thousand more homeruns than peak PED era?
Royals only won because my mets can’t have nice things :D
I LOVE TIM KEEF
the mets going all the way this year. rememeber this comment
You gotta do a video on the 2021 Mariners and how they nearly made the playoffs with a negative run differential by alot
As a royals fan, this is the best day of my life
ROYALS VID FINALLY
Miss this team :( One of my favorite moments as a kid born in KC
Yo Bailey, would love to maybe see you do a deep dive on the 04-05 White Sox World Series run. Only team in MLB history to go 11-1 in the postseason. Plus their team just had a lot of great characters on it😂
Damn 4:40 Dyson hit that perfect back flip.  Never thought I'd get a Baseball Bits on the Royals .Those were magically times, best ever in my whole life as a Royals fan.
Thank you for this amazing content
'"That's how the Mets talk" - amazing
I’m surprised there wasn’t more on the bullpen. I remember that it was like if we get our started to throw 5 innings then we win the game. Because once the bullpen came in it was 1 run max for the rest of the game. And the royals never stopped trying to score
lmao guard spiders
Great video man. Cant get enough of these.
I think there’s a typo, it says Royals instead of Astros.
Had no idea Carlos Beltran has the highest SB success rate of min. 300 attempts
Being a Mets fan
I'm a lifelong Brewers fan and a baseball fan in general. Seeing some Brewers' exports (Cain, Aoki, Escobar, and even Ned Yost) win a World Series while playing the most exciting baseball I've ever seen made me immensely happy. Thanks for honoring them with this video, FB 🙌
Homogeneity?
The little jokes throughout the video make it that much more enjoyable
As a life long royals fan I support any royals video on YouTube cause they are one of the least talked teams in the league
Hell yeah, love me some Royals Baseball Bits.  Man, the 2022 Royals are looking similar.  Bullpen is strong, got 3 gold glove shortstops on the roster (lotta speed, lotta defense).  Off to a slow start, but the al central is tight.  All that competition makes a team stronger, especially the young players.  Go Royals baybee~
The last great small ball team
Honestly Id happily take more small ball baseball. The most frustrating thing about TTO baseball is seeing stranded baserunners on second because they don't wanna hit for a single.
thanks bailey. Love your content its so unique and rewatchable. was having a bad day but atleast i have baseball bits
Your timing is perfect. So far this year, the royals bullpen is looking just as good as the old H-D-H bullpen
HELL YEAH, NEBRASKA SHOUT OUT
Love your content! Please do a video on the 2017 Yankees wild card game! There's so much to unpack with that gem!
Love your videos! But how about a one for the 2010-2014 Giants ... or maybe, just maybe was this a teaser for an upcoming "Bumgarner-ed Beyond Belief" 2014 video...?!
Lil UZR Vert😂
With how good our bullpen has been to start, I'm hoping there's more royalball to come in the future
Lil uzr vert. Very nice Bailey
This shall never happen!
Bbutttt..... they had a notorious Big6 League hitter in Nori Aoki. He didn't hit a dinger during his Waseda days and this scrappy, hard-running approach suits his strength.
As an A's fan, I still remember the 2014 WC Game where The Royals ran The A's out of the ballpark.
I wish the MLB could stay in 2015 forever. But then my favorite player Joey Gallo wouldn't be around. Kinda ironic my favorite player actually embodies everything I hate about modern baseball. But I just think he's neat
Interested to see how the A’s do after trading all their best players. Still being 2nd in the AL West, while also scoring as many runs as the Dodgers (as of yesterday) is kind of crazy. Obviously it’s still very early in the season, but it may be something you’ll want to keep an eye on.
on behalf of the royals fan base. I appreciate this.
We were so lucky to have this team and luckily enough I got to see a lot of it firsthand. There was a special kind of magic here those years.
9:47 Lil UZR Vert lol, now that’s a knee slapper😂
I love you for all the content recently with ties to my mets. Probably not easy for you being a braves fan lol. 10-4 LFGM!
Royals won WS because they played THE METS lol. Braves fan 😜
"Guardspiders"  I see ya, Bailey 😂😂
As I’m a royals fan that was the happiest year of me being royals fan now I’m just patiently waiting
the video we needed
4:50 what are guardspiders 🙃
The Royals dynasty died with Ventura.
YESSSSSS FINALLY HE DOES ONE ON THE ROYALS!!!!!!
“Lil UZR Vert”   I love you, Foolish.
Please don’t mention Madison Bumgarner. Please don’t mention Madison Bumgarner. Please don’t mention Madison Bumgarner….. Damn it…
Please make a video about a lesser known Detroit Tiger. Perhaps a video about how Lou Whitaker should be in the HoF? 🥺
I really hoped this video would never get made as a Mets fan, but I’m really glad it was made as a baseball fan. Everything about that World Series was amazing, especially those extra wet fields in NY 💦
Whenever I see a new foolish baseball vid that make my day 10 times better
This video needs a "correlation does not imply causation" disclaimer
bit of that georgia drawl peakin through on that titular "royals" love it
Good shit! Thank you and GO ROYALS!
1:24   That’s just perfect
Foolish I will cut of my sack for a babe Ruth video
How did he know I drive a Civic
I feel so old They won the World Series almost ten years ago
You hit all the big features of those royals! Defense, bullpen, stolen bases, comeback wins, and riding the underdog label the whole time. I know some royals fans who have memorized every single play of big games like the 2014 wild card game and game 4 of the 2016 ALDS. Those years were just unexplainably special for Kansas City.
Tim Keefe jokes will never get old
Great video. Did the dorktown guys watch your Ricky Henderson video and get inspired?
lmao at 4:52. guardspiders 😂😂
“they got Bumgarnered”. As a Giants fan, I enjoyed this video more than expected 😂😂😂
hot take: the 2015 kansas city royals are one of the greatest teams ever created
I have been wanting you to do a video about these royals teams forever
Another banger
who da heck are the guardspiders?
As a Mets fan please don’t remind me of this team. They were great but they broke my heart
Lifelong Giants fan and that 2014 postseason run from both wild cards was some of the most fun I've had watching baseball. I was so thrilled when the Royals won in 2015, they absolutely deserved it.
That KC team in 2015 was brutal. No lead was safe, and you had to score off their rotation. It was shut down
Bailey please do a video on Chase Headley winning back to back player of the month awards
i love your videos thank you sir :)
yes.we.did.816forLife
i swear sportstorm or someone did this exact vid
Lil Uzr Vert
The Blake Treinen joke is hilarious.
great video! Felt a little pain having to relive some of that 2014 AL wild card game. The 2014 playoffs were really weird. The roylas had to beat the A's, Angels, and Orioles, to get to the world series. Not your classic playoff teams that we seem to have now (thanks a lot astros).   I liked how you have tried to show the correlation between statistics. I think it might be better to display as a percentage for viewer simplicity in the future. Some viewers may not know it is a number between 0 and 1.
Still Rest In Peace yordan Ventura
Great video Mr. Foolish. Really enjoyed the various stats and their correlation with wins. I liked the presentation of the information with this one.
Blake Treinen was JFK Jr. all along
I really was so disappointed in 2017 when the Royals didn't ship Hosmer/Cain/Moose for some pieces; they could have at least had 1 or 2 solid pieces up in the majors by now from those trades
The Yokohama BayStars used a similar philosophy in 1998. They called it the "Machine Gun Offense". Bobby Rose, Takanori Suzuki, Jun Inoue, Takuro Ishii, and Hitoshi Nakane did everything they could to keep the line moving. They weren't too power heavy either. Their home run leader Bobby Rose sat 9th on the CL single season home run list with 19, in a year where Hideki Matsui hit 34.  Backed by two ace caliber starters, Daisuke Miura and Takashi Saito, as well as the best closer in the league, Kaz Sasaki, they took down a Seibu Lions team that was much better than them on paper.
I'm calling Cleveland the Guardspiders from now on.
The Dodgers had a lot of bullpen days in 2021 with ~3 starters out and Buehler and Urias carrying, like so many. For relievers (and David Price who sometimes started) with at least 20 IP, my quick math shows they had an ERA of 3.02. For the regular season on the whole the bullpen had an ERA of 3.16 (2nd, Giants 1) and a playoff ERA (including an NLCS bullpen game) of 2.16.  Did the Royals pave the way for the Dodgers to manufacture a 3 ERA starter in the aggregate out of the bullpen when their guys were injured, is this the new meta?
I hate this team with my entire soul
I could cry right now.
do a rich hill video pls
Lil UZR Vert, my favorite rapper
You the homie. Keep doing what you do.
Foolish Baseball on the 14-15 Royals, LOVE IT!
No we don’t like the 2015 Royals…….
One of my favorite teams in recent memory. They were very fun to watch
getting “bumgarnered” is my new favorite thing
As a Mets fan watching the royals players run on the field in celebration hurts to watch
all the little jokes and memes in these are incredible. your effort is greatly appreciated
basball
The sending Alex Gordon thing needs to die already. He would have been at least three full strides away when the ball got to Posey. Forget a drop by the catcher, the only way Gordon scores is if Crawford flings the ball to the backstop. If the third base coach sends, that coach gets fired the next morning and a million different articles call it one of the worst decisions in the history of organized professional sports.  Holding him was unambiguously the correct call. It just didn't work out, and the *only* reason it gets any scrutiny is because we know how it ended.
I swear these videos are as good as crack
Biiiiits
The Blake Treinen joke nearly made me do a spit take
I miss my royals. They showed that a mixture of old and new can be successful
Yooo, is that somebody talking about my Royals, I hear?
Lets go
Two things in the opening clip that no longer exist: Freddie as a Brave and Dansby fielding cleanly.
Tbf, if Buck did try to steal third he'd probably lose a toe or go blind or some other freak injury.
I’m not fond of these Royals. They beat my Blue Jays and I hold grudges
What's your favorite 3 headed monster out of the pin? Mines the 1990's Reds.  How do these Royals compare to those Reds?
As as big Mets fan it was two things. Smallball and fielding.  Edit:Bullpen was disgusting
As a visual learner, love the graphs!
the 2014-15 royals are good and all, maniacs on the basepaths and all that jazz sure, but let me remind you about custardsauce stevenson in 18flippity dip
Only on a Foolish video can I get a graphic title like "Lil UZR Vert", great stuff
There’s a great quote from Joe Buck during the 2015 ALCS when the Royals were playing Toronto - “They just keep coming.” These teams were relentless, and were hyper focused on putting as much pressure on opposing team’s defense as possible. Good-not-great starting pitching, an elite bullpen, and an offense that continually put the ball in play and ran. The greatest speed play was Cain scoring from 1st on a routine single to end up winning the ALCS in 2015, and it was all about pressure.  These are my favorite baseball teams of all-time, and I’ll never get tired of watching postseason highlights of them.
Christian Bethancourt Baseball Bits?
Basically while everyone else was Min-Maxing, we put equal skills points into everything
My favorite team finally got a baseball bits lets gooooo
I think the A’s win it all in 2014 if it wasn’t for those Royals
Rejoice for a Baseball Bits was blessed upon us this day
I need a Foolish Baseball sticker to add to my YouTube sticker collection I rep on my Jeep. Also, awesome vid!
Lord Bailey has blessed us again
Guardspiders.... 🤣🤣🤣
Omg not sure if you actually read my comment a couple of months ago about how I'd love to see you breakdown the 14/15 Royals and how they didn't hit for power and sweep their way to a world series appearance to take a seven games and blah blah blah. I never thought you would make it.(deep down I knew the saber metrics would just be too enticing) I've never been so excited to watch a video
Man do I love when baseball is foolish
My family are Giants fans but my dads from Kansas City, so they are kinda our second team. 2014-2015 was as good as it gets
As a blue jays fan, this team was a nightmare. They didn’t make sense and I’m still scratching my head about this team
They had guys like Escobar robbing the opponents lol
"Old man yells at physics" 😂
the royals are exactly how I build my ootp teams, except I spend money for power
You could make your graphs in R if you want
Home runs are cool, but I can’t say I’d rather sacrifice everything else exciting in the game for them. 3 true outcome baseball is simply more boring to watch on average, I love watching games with lots of balls being put in play, good defense, and good base running
Babe, wake up, Foolish Baseball just uploaded
The Kansas City Royals are pretty good, but what if they get taken over, become the Kansas City Republics instead but then change their name to the Kansas City Protectorates after that?
FOOLISH BUY THE REDS PLEASE
Scrappy that's whats needed
THE RETURN LETS GOOOOOO
This video was made specifically for me. I love it.
Feeling real smart understanding what the R^2 value in Bailey’s graphs represents #statisticsiscool
“Lil UZR Vert “  You do not miss
8:00 not exactly, some of those held up would have scored on subsequent plays anyway. How many? Well you're the data and graphs guy, you figure it out.
not to sound like a grumpy old person yelling but i really wish there was less of the 3 true outcomes than there currently is in baseball. so much of what i love about the sport happens when the ball is in the field and i kinda wish teams didnt figure out that there was a Most Efficient way to play
Ted k reference 1:28???????
thanks foolish we lost our vball game but idc anymore
as a royals fan i can die happy knowing u made a video about them
As a royals fan this made me happy
Royals video!!!!
lil uzi vert lmaooo
Love your content brother especially when you talked about Juan Soto. You make baseball fans smarter 🔥
Miggy video when?
Great video, and I have to say, Old Man Foolish should hopefully have a great time yelling at physics more in the future, because that's one of the best voices I've heard in awhile!
The stat cast error and it's consequences I see what you did there
Watching this video reminded that those Royals are exact opposite to the 2022 Phillies  Great defense, ironman bullpen, low home run rate
2014 Wild Card game is the best playoff game ever idc. Royals were historic with the first ever come back from being 4+ runs down in the 8th in a elimination playoff game and then did it again the next year against the astros in the ALDS. It’s happened twice ever and only the Royals
Makes it a whole lot easier to win when all you have to do is be leading or tied going into the 7th inning.
Sure, these Royals were impressive, but not nearly as impressive as Tim Keefe's 41 wins and 619 innings pitched in the 1883 season with the New York Metropolitans. Why don't you make a video about that FB? Oh wait, I know why, because you're a Time Keefe DENIER. That's ok, keep hating, future generations will eventually understand.
Makes it easier when your starting pitchers know they have to give it their all for only six innings. That Royals Bullpen was insane.
After 2014 my dad and I met some Royals fans at spring training and told them “Hey we’ve had our even year magic as Giants fans, now you’re free to win it all. We’ll be rooting for you.” Glad they got their ring!
Let’s get one on the whole night shift
12:36 had me DEAD
I think the fundamental problem baseball has right now is that the most efficient ways to win are the most boring to watch. I love aggressive baserunning and hits for contact. I love incredible defensive play. I hate the BB, K, BB, K, HR, K sequence.
My math may be a tad off, but I’m pretty sure Daniel Murphy hit more post season home runs in that 2015 run than the royals hit all season. It’s at least somewhat close.
When the Royals became the MLB bad boys for one season after losing the World Series… then won the whole thing… thats when all was right in the MLB.
Trevor Plouffe will love this video
You really hate us Mets fans don’t you
HELL YEAH BLAKE TREINEN! The greatest pitcher in all of OOTP 16
Too bad the royals screwed up by letting players play out their contracts instead of trading to post season contending teams the next couple years.
I don't think I have ever yelled as much profanity at a television than I did during the 2015 World Series. Thank you for making me relive that.  - A Mets fan
I like seeing correlative stats in relation to success, and it's amazing how effective FIP is in determining team success. I'm looking past the fact that I'm a sad Mets fan who didn't want an anomaly of a team to beat them but oh well, it's been 7 years.
Wish you would’ve shown the image of 8 of 9 all star starters being royals. Always blows my mind
THIS IS FOOLISHLY GREAT
The best part about FB is when old people try to say "Analytics are non sense" he can come right back at them with unlimited knowledge of these old players and put them old people in there place.
It isn't a discussion about Royals without the mention of a few Mad Bums.
smh never showed a clip of gigantic drink of water from the 2015 world series
I feel bad for Nori Aoki. Lost the WS in 2014 as a Royals vs the Giants, then joins the Giants in 2015 while the Royals won the WS.
Baseballs back, baby!
Oh yeah, my all time favourite cleveland team: Guardspiders
I’ve been waiting so long for a Royals-focused Baseball Bits. Thank you, Bailey. I needed this.
No one asked but I got a PragerU ad about keeping politics out of sports before this video started.
BASEBALL BITS LETS GOOOOOO
@1:09 *insert trash can noises
The Blake Treinen joke has me in STITCHES. Well done, sir.
With Witt Jr., Merrifield, Lopez, Benintendi, Mondesi and Taylor, we could have a damn fast team
So the Royals basically won with Little League winning formula: defense & speed. Arm Barn is merely a plus ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I'm sitting here binging Foolish Baseball vids and then he posts a new one which is great on its own but it's also my team :)
ayyyyy lets go tim keefe, always on top
We also weirdly don’t have any pitchers with unnatural increases in spin rates as far as I can tell. How weird 🧐
I love it when a team goes all-in against the grain and wins big. It creates chaos. Sports chaos is the greatest.
Please don’t do this to me
That gold and white jersey is sooo sexy.
It's always a good day when there's new baseball bits. Cheers Bailey
Hey! A video about the Royals! Awesome ☺️
I watched the Angels lose when they got swept by KC, it was sad day.
Holy fucking shit. I just found Baseball Bits a couple weeks ago and all I could think is how awesome an episode on my 2014-2015 royals would be and now here it is I could cry 😭😭😭
My favorite part of these is how with each video you're getting more and more comfortable with being unhinged...I mean having fun.  Keep it up!
Now all we have is salvy 😢 If the royals had a bigger budget they could have built a dynasty they had great management just needed to keep some guys and payed for more.
Wake up, new Foolish dropped
Woooooooo! New bits!!!!! Just rewatched a few last night lol
RIP Ace
2015-2022 KU basketball, KC Royals, and KC Chiefs all won a chip. Great time to be a KC area fan
Please never stop making these
Blake Treinen LMAO
2022 Cubs are next
ROYALS VIDEO WOOO
i love you foolish
Crazy to think that Terrance Gore has two World Series rings and one AL championship ring despite having less than 100 career plate appearances.
LMAO the linear regression at 3:30
As an Orioles i'm still sad we lost the 2014 ALCS to them what's worse we got swept
No, I'm not a Rangers fan still bitter by the Royals' success in getting a World Series win out of their back-to-back pennants. Okay...maybe I am...a little...
"The Statcast era and its consequences have been a disaster for baseball" Giving a new meaning to the Bronx Bombers
The 2014-15 Royals are one of my favorite teams ever, even as a non-Royals fan.
Luv u
Am surprised there aren't more low-budget teams that try full-scale royalball
Man do I miss my Royals being this good. "Keep the line moving"  This made my week. Thanks Foolish Bailey!
W
11:16 looks fucking insane
I'm a newish fan of baseball and I just find these two years the royals had so incredibly interesting because they're completely different than any other modern team, great vid Foolish! Possibly the best yet
Legendary Blake Treinen joke
On July 4th 2022 John F. Kennedy Jr. will reveal himself to the world as Blake Treinen
I had finished an exam for a stats course today and only now does R Squared get mentioned in a baseball bits vid(that i've seen)... wtf
As a Mets fan I already know what this is about and I don’t want to watch it😂🥲
That blake treinen bit was hilarious
Royball what a dope team
Awesome video
I just want a Brewers video… maybe how they built the best three headed monster of pitchers in the league?
Tim keefe really had a 293 era+ in 1880 dude grew up during reconstruction
Me: mom can we have moneyball Mom: we got moneyball at home Moneyball at home: Royalball
worst part about being this early is the wait for the next baseball bits
One of my favorite teams ever as a Tigers fan
The Blake Treinen fan club bit was subtle yet hilarious.
I remember watching the 2021 NLCS and remembering the dominance of both the dodgers and braves bullpen shutting down the omega offenses of both teams.  Bullpen ball seemed to be working for both teams, and now I can see where that traces to
when are we getting a baseball bits on ohtanis game from yesterday????
inimitable not unimitable
I was thinking about this team this week. The last time I enjoyed watching a baseball team. Three true outcome baseball is great to watch videos about but boring to watch
That old fox sports scorebug is so iconic, it always makes me think of these royals teams, great video FB
Man, those Royals were the antithesis of today’s Phillies: homegrown and cheap, built on (relief) pitching, defense, and speed. Oh, and they won consecutive pennants despite being huge underdogs in both the regular season and postseason. Meanwhile, the Phillies are fairly veteran and expensive, have a perennially awful bullpen, a historically awful defense and little speed. Oh, and they haven’t won anything in the last decade despite the fact that they nominally returned to contention about four or five years ago.
I gotta know how many takes the voice at 10:19 took. It’s pure perfection.
I see my name! :O
HONEY WAKE UP NEW BASEBALL BITS
Take it from me, my Orioles being just four wins away from a World Series appearance... then in comes this KC BBQ buzzsaw spanking us by playing small ball  A very talented squad for those 2 years the Royals were
Thank you so much for this video Bailey, somehow I totally forgot that in 2014 there was a franchise called the GuardSpiders. Wow how time flies
Here's a fun question I would love to see some analysis on - is Alex Gordon a Hall of Famer?
Gee, I wonder who beat the Royals in 2014. Must've been a pretty great team with the greatest postseason pitcher ever.
Not first but I got here fast happy to have more baseball bits
Dope video as always, Bailey. Side note from an A's fan: If the Athletics make it to the playoffs doing moneyball again, I'd like to see a video of you talking about it. Your take would be nice to hear.
6:00 There was a big investigation in KC on in if Gordo could have made it home.....more than likely he would have been thrown out, but with the magical feel of the 2014 season, I always felt likethe cutoff mans' arm would have flown off and spiked the ball if Gordo attempted to score on that play.....
I heard Barry Bonds took a similar approach to Ruths proclamation of hitting suckers over the fence. Something with to do with balanced breakfasts.
Lil UZR Vert is genius
oh my god the blake treinen joke might be the best one you’ve ever done
7:17 Cleveland Spiders. This guy gets it.
By the way, I wrote “Arm Barn” as a title of a graphic once and got multiple comments calling me a liberal snowflake so I expect you to get the same treatment
don’t let this distract you from the fact that cleveland could’ve went back to being the spiders.
YEEEESSSSSS!!!
Wasn’t expecting 12:34 but I’m glad it happened
The Cleveland Guardspiders
Admit it, this whole video was just a thinly-veiled excuse to talk about Terrence Gore’s postseason stats.
lmao the gas joke
Lil UZR Vert, the legendary defensive outfielder for the Atlanta BZZZRTs
I think you misspelled "Astros" in the title.
Love the Blake Qnein reference
Babe wake up new Baseball Bits just dropped
Gotta be one of the best Baseball Bits yet. Nice Graphing software too.
Baseball bits and microwave lunch. A match made in heaven
Teddy K would be proud of the intro to level one.
Homie really put this out 9 minutes after my lunch ended… smh… imma still watch just don’t tell my boss
Game 7 of the 2014 world series is the most underrated baseball game of all time.
One of the most underrated world series of all time.
we need a 2021 braves baseball bits :)
6:14 Sick Strike call
As a diehard fan, videos about these Royals teams keep me going. Great defensive plays, steals, and extra base hits are the lifeblood of entertaining baseball. Hope we can recapture this magic in the years going forward.
I miss these teams. Glad you made this video, keep up the wonderful work!
L take
You really don’t like us mets fans huh, I would like to forget about the royals forever.
They timed their rise perfectly. Just before the Astros core formed and took over and while the Red Sox and Yankees were aging and declining teams. The AL Was wide open for a new contender and it just so happened that the Royals made their push perfectly
Haven't seen the video yet. All I have to say is to point out how underrated the descriptions of these baseball bits videos are.. if you haven't read any of them.. just try to do so. Tgey really are very very well written..thanks Bailey for that.. I love the descriptions of Justin Verlander impossible inning one, the most important hit , Richard bleir the most..
Bailey broke all the rules and created high-effort content in 2022 Youtube
Yay da goat uploaded
Still think the series should be called "Bailey's Bits"
It was fun to see every single MLB team try to sign Royals Releivers. Even the shitty ones, for insanely high prices. Not knowing that it was largely the system not the players that were good
*I love you all.*
He’s back
I need a new low-mid budget team to build an entire roster based on speed and defense just as an experiment
New Baseball Bits = Amazing day
Let's go baby its a new year for baseball bits
Casual Mets Fan Sadness
Wow I was just thinking about these teams! Their playing style made them easily the most fun team to watch of the last decade
The legend has returned with another baseball bits. Keep it up my dude.
I love you, Bailey. You beautiful beautiful soul.
Hoping for a Matzek zero to hero video
Wake up babe! New Baseball Bits Dropped!
2 mins! Ayy!
Yes sir! A new Baseball Bits!
Foolish upload day? The best day
I was just thinking about this team! I sure am glad Foolish was too!
Let's goooooo more baseball bits!
I’ve made many offers, it’s time we either make a transaction, or I FORCE a transaction. $300k for your Jeff Mathis rookie card. Take it, or lose your card and money forever
It’s a great day today
guess who’s back, back again. Bailey’s back, tell a friend
New baseball bits baby!!
Woolish Waseball
Yes royals vid let’s go
as an Angels fan it still hurts how they didn’t even let Mike Trout win one playoff game
Mets Fans: Pain
Baseball bits 😁
rules are dumb anyways
Yess!!
This WS still haunts me😞
😀
Royals break the rules oh boy I’m gonna be angry on twitter now!
bailey can you make a video about nate mclouth
Midweek Baseball Bits™️? Bless up fellas
Yeah buddy
HYPED
Talk about some amazing talent at the All Star Game in 2014, Must’ve been well deserved votes!
I will never forgive the Royals bullpen
Oh fuck
MORE STATS MORE STATS MORE STATS MORE STATS!
This is what we need on Nicky Lopez fWAR Day
FIRST EYYYYYYYY
