Wie wäre es eigentlich mit Mercedes? Das würde unglaubliche Vielfalt einbringen können.  Actros, Arocs, Unimog Mb Trac.          Oder so ein oder anderen Klassiker zurück holen wie den Case IHC 1455XL oder den Fendt 600 lsa oder den 800 Favorit.  Schlüter wieder dabei. Und wenn wir dabei sind die Farming Classics ? Den Lizard 2850 und den Red Lizard mit den Mähdreschern dazu, das war mal was.
Why is it on console's the game doesn't save
2#
0:40 Einstreuen geht leider so nicht im Spiel... das ist schlecht.
When can we expect to have an auto load trailer for pallets on console? The game is great, but it seems like all I do is drive a forklift all day. Thanks.
Be great if the game worked.
Pls hagie machins
Thank you Giants now we need the Optum CVX and a Case planter
Hola será que podrán meter la sembradora STARA Ceres Master 3570, era buena sembradora y se usa articimo en mi país, gracias
The Steiger is back from Farming Simulator 2013!
Hallo ich harne folgende Probleme: schwarze Spiegel, flackernde Spiegel, Abstürze, die seitenkonsole, die man bei euch gekauft hat funktioniert nicht und es ruckelt an jeder Ecke.  Es wäre sehr nett wenn mir jemand helfen würde, da das Spiel ja nicht gerade günstig war
Fixt euer Schiess Game es gibt schwarze Spiegel, flackernde Spiegel, Schwarze Böden,Abstürze, die seitenkonsole, die man bei euch gekauft hat funktioniert nicht und es ruckelt an jeder Ecke  und dafür 50€ bezahlen einfach schlecht
Fixt euer Schiess Game es gibt schwarze Spiegel, flackernde Spiegel, Schwarze Böden,Abstürze, die seitenkonsole, die man bei euch gekauft hat funktioniert nicht und es ruckelt an jeder Ecke  und dafür 50€ bezahlen einfach schlecht
Fixt euer Schiess Game es gibt schwarze Spiegel, flackernde Spiegel, Schwarze Böden,Abstürze, die seitenkonsole, die man bei euch gekauft hat funktioniert nicht und es ruckelt an jeder Ecke  und dafür 50€ bezahlen einfach schlecht
Fixt euer Schiess Game es gibt schwarze Spiegel, flackernde Spiegel, Schwarze Böden,Abstürze, die seitenkonsole, die man bei euch gekauft hat funktioniert nicht und es ruckelt an jeder Ecke  und dafür 50€ bezahlen einfach schlecht
Fixt euer Schiess Game es gibt schwarze Spiegel, flackernde Spiegel, Schwarze Böden,Abstürze, die seitenkonsole, die man bei euch gekauft hat funktioniert nicht und es ruckelt an jeder Ecke  und dafür 50€ bezahlen einfach schlecht
Fixt euer Schiess Game es gibt schwarze Spiegel, flackernde Spiegel, Schwarze Böden,Abstürze, die seitenkonsole, die man bei euch gekauft hat funktioniert nicht und es ruckelt an jeder Ecke  und dafür 50€ bezahlen einfach schlecht
how can i get these? i don't see any update and i dont have these things in my game
Ich bin der Michael Vitek
Crossplay doesn't work we keep getting disconnected please fix soon
Vreau și eu un coș sunt groase Messenger și dați aragaz vechi
GABi
FS22 Vreau ATV în San Andreas05 combine b ATV copii na rămas pluguri big
Y veiculos
Yo creo que deberian de repasar todos los tractores de todos los fs 15 17 y 19 y que la actualisasion tega que pagar dinero
New update?
Can someone help me when i open fs22 it say “not allowed to install Game in”
When will fs22 come out on steam on laptop !?
Why My fs22 Bugs in ps4? Im so sad😟
After the last update I have frame lag problems, I contacted the assistance but no one answers .... I specify that I have a 5800x and a 3080ti ... so it's not a hardware problem. Let's hope someone from giants reads messages like this on social media and takes action
My game crashed!
Bei mir hats mit dem 1.2 update die komplette Steuerung zerpflückt.
What to do if the mirrors are black? (Ps5)
hello when will auto pallet total come on PlayStation 4
I need this Android version game. 😢
Hello, you will help me with fs 19 because it did not work for me, I have been downloading it for 2 hours
Eigentlich wollte ich mit dem Bau einer Map anfangen, jedoch ist der Editor zum einen für Neulinge miserabel bis gar nicht erklärt und zum anderen gibt es Bugs (fehlende Grastextur in der 9.0.1). Oder dass man Objekte/Gruppen im Scenegraph per gedrückter mittlerer Maustaste/Mausrad bewegt statt, wie man es normalerweise gewohnt ist, per gedrückter linker Maustaste wird nirgends erwähnt. Einsteigerfreundlichkeit: 6 setzen  Zusammen mit dem schlechten Release Zustand ist der LS22 leider ein Tiefpunkt in der Geschichte der Reihe.  Wenn das so weiter geht schrumpft die Community weil die Entwickler das Spiel wie ein schlecht gepflegtes Feld verfaulen lassen während wir mit verrosteten Maschinen am Rand stehen.
Por favor lança gps para console
the truth is, you need a new game engine, the game mechanics and ground response should be rebuilt. you need a new game basically. its the same thing yeat after year. the real players are getting tired
Where is my claas xerion 5000 normal cab, its missing, my favorit tractor. Please get it back
Farming simulator 23 android
has anyone else's sound been messed up after this update? l still got sound but its distorted
Lot of fs19 base game stuff. You give us now for free.  Big woop
Fs20 mobile 50% endrim ederdizde.....
Next please the case optum and the steyr terrus
Pls Bourguin machines
Hi giants the mit of FS23 on mobile it's real?
did you fix the multiplayer yet?
Couldn't you giants lower the price of farming?
Add more maps on ps4 please
pls oxbo machines
free "get more of these bugs" update
Your patch needs patching, game is still broken 😒 did you forget to bring the testers and QC guys back after lockdown? 17 and 19 launched better than this and you had 3 years to work on it. Adding "free" equipment your removed from the last title doesn't make it any better.  😒😒🙄
Until now, there is no fundamental difference (except for the appearance of stones, which do not greatly interfere) with how to plow the field. But in reality there is a fundamental difference to plow with a plow, a chisel-cultivator or shovels.
Когда вы объединяете два поля, то делайте так, чтобы оно находилось под одним номером, как если бы оно было соединено в одно. Есть еще два числа, и это говорит о статичном характере игры. Игра, кажется, говорит: «Это было так здесь, до вас, и ничего не изменилось».
Add actions to other fields. Let the AI ​​handle non-game fields. Let tractors go there, lawn mowers go there, harvesters work. not everyone plays multiplayer, and the map seems lifeless, and you are alone on a huge territory. There is no need to do collisions or collisions. As with pedestrians. it's just that the technique works in the fields. It will be great!
Add player influence to production. Some are now completely unprofitable, for example, sunflower oil. Again, this can be related to the experience of the player himself. Or, for example, a player will be able to place bets (buy, hire, rent) on certain specialists. For example, five cells. And from how many workers he hired, what skills they have, how fast they work, he will be able to influence production. In fact, nothing else has changed. These are all the same cardboard boxes with triggers. No dynamics. There is no joy of labor. There is no direct influence on the result.
It might be worth adding the player's own experience to the gameplay. Much may depend on his experience. For example, if he lacks experience, plowing is slower or uneven. The harvest depends on the experience, the price of repairs, the production speed may depend on the experience of the player himself. For example, more professional methods come from experience. In his experience, the field is changing dynamically. Now, after all, you know in advance what needs to be done. plow, lime, fertilizers, weeds, harvest. And this is repeated every time. You are not making decisions here and now. A lot can change, for example, on the pitch and you need to act differently. It will be a fundamentally different gameplay.
FS22 Where is Claas Liner, Volto, Corto and Disco?  Will we have to pay for DLC again?
Пчелы являются отличным новшеством. Но добавьте круг действий к каждому улью, чтобы я не ходил к гадалкам, чтобы выяснить их зону влияния на урожай.
До сих пор эффект от того, что комбайн разбрасывает сено после сбора урожая, не реализован. Да, вы можете собрать его и покормить скот, супер, но если вы выбросите его обратно на поле, то там должен быть хоть какой-то пончик из этого для игрока. Это не так сложно реализовать, не так ли? Я интуитивно понимаю, что почва лучше, когда остатки стебля пшеницы снова попадают в нее, но поле стерильно. Поле не является динамическим. Это не меняется.
Yes, it's definitely a good idea to give your players this. This is a pleasant surprise. There is still a lot to do and correct, but I am asking myself one important question for me since version 19 - what is the difference in technique? Yes, different firms, and horsepower. And it's all. All I have to chase expensive tractors for is horsepower? This is a little depressing. For example, there may be better durability or reliability, or perhaps a strong tractor will have reduced maneuverability, but there will be other advantages. More expensive harvesters, if you look at the real characteristics, harvest more carefully, save fuel, and optimize harvesting. In the game, there is just a set of combines that only look different, but in principle there is no need to chase a more expensive model, and the motivation is that I have the coolest tractor - not the best for a simulator. Differences are sorely lacking. An expensive tractor can work longer without heating, breakdowns and wear and tear of equipment affect harvesting, a worn-out header reaps 50 percent less, and an expensive header is more durable. In rain and snow, a more expensive tractor or harvester does better. Something definitely new needs to be invented. As a result, at the start, you simply take a medium tractor with a reserve of power, because small tractors are needed if you only play with a small amount of money.
Finally a bale shredder that can actually fit a bale inside it
Seasons need to be fixed so that everything doesn’t melt around noon right after you finish removing snow from your farm.
They also changed it so you can't pick up pallets of eggs. So thanks for that. Making it more annoying and taking longer to do one thing that you could make decent money from. Cheers
We need John deere 7530 or 30 siers
pls fix lights. if you put a big light pole in the game it doesnt't make any light
...wenn ich nur die paar GB Update herunterladen könnte, anstatt das ganze Spiel nach dem Kauf als CD erneut herunterzuladen, weil ich schlechtes Internet habe und nichts herunterladen möchte... (12gb ~7Stnd) mein Server läuft auf 1.2 und ich kann nicht drauf spielen. Die Idee mit dem automatischen updaten ist ja cool, aber wenn es halt nicht funktioniert...   ...if only i could just download the few gb of update rather then downloading the whole game again after buying it as cd due to me having bad internet and wanting to aboid downloading anything... my server is running on 1.2 and i cant play on it
pls ploeger machines
Class xerion erro ????????????????????
Have you ever run your game at Xbox Series S? Better fix performance there guys.
Thank you
Way to many Bugs to really enjoy the game. Feels like the Update brought more Bugs.
add valtra T series and JCB 8000 back!!
🤗🤗🤗✌✌✌
Bringt den Xerion zurück
Ik ben boer harm en ik kom uit Drenthe
FS22 definitely is a major step forward for the FS series.  Really the only grip I really have is I wish they would have made the barns and buildings on other farms useable, where you could buy them and then use those buildings. Some of the other farms on Elmcreek are really pretty cool, I just wish the barns and buildings on those other farms useable.  Be great if a modder took Elmcreek and modded it to be able to use the barns and buildings on other farms and the bins that's on them too once you bought those farms. Being a farmer in the US, I prefer to play on US maps, but I did drive around the other 2 maps in game, and they are really neat maps, and I might even play on them. I'm extremely impressed with FS22. In all the previous years I couldn't wait till modders started getting maps out, because the maps in game were never all that impressive, especially the US ones, but I'm so impressed with Elmcreek, that I am in no hurry for a good modded map to come out. I can see myself playing on Elmcreek till Giants releases a new game in a couple years, thats how impressed I am with it.
Guys Could Someone Tell Me If There Will Be Keyboard & Mouse On Consoles?
Hi giants i think there are some problem whit the cow barn i dont know if its just my game
Add NEXAT dlc plzzzzz
I really don't want to ruin your game. You are doing a great job and that is the beginning. I love and play the Farming Simulator and it is the reason that I go into the agricultural direction with my job. But the console version of the FS22 is a joke. So many great functions do not work on the console, but on the PC although it would be possible to do it! Switching as an example. If I drive with gear shifting as an example, I cannot work with the front loader because it is a double occupancy. Please also bring your own key assignment to the consoles and thus also the coupling and stalling of the machines. Despite the fact that the Fs has a few flaws, I like to play it. Please patch these things. Lg from Germany
Loving the new content but anyone know how to submit bug reports can’t move pallets around with the forklift without the vehicle launching up in the air since the last update
hey giants softwere I have a problem because I have a boxed version of fs22 and I can not update I did the thing from the guide on the site but it does not work because I write that every download server does not work, please help!
I have just attempted to play FS22 and it's now so bad that due to my mental health I can no longer pay it. Does anybody know how I can return the game and get refunded because my mental health is al lot more important to me. One more thing please stop telling blatant lies as I was stupid enough to believe you. Absolutely Disgusted.
will anyone remember to make a 3rd Person mod
Pls, add Arbos new and old models
Pour que des map qui sont en cours de réalisation sois pourrie à cause de leur mis à jours non merci
Smaller tractors and equipment would be cool, for small farms
Das einzige was jetzt nächste fällt sind ein Case Puma und Optum, wo sind die hin? 😢
Fs on metaverse, when?
theres one major flaw you guys at Giants seem to be forgettings that u agreed to allow Valve and Steam to let ur games appear on their store so thus content updates like this should be allowed too or however. In other words I myself am having my own problems with this content update since it aint automaticly appearing in my updates section Instead this content update should have been made as a DLC instead unless you guys should have allowed most of  us the option of manuely downloading the patch and the free content on steam instead of letting steam itself apply the update since valve does have ownership of Steam and did allow ur games to appear on their Store.
wtf is that sorcery at 0:45
Awesome. Loving the game so far.
Update für nichts, keine neue Mods obwohl auf dem PC ständig neue auftauchen. Nur für die Konsole nicht. Lächerlich, auf der Xbox konnte ich die ganze Zeit gut spielen. Guck ich heute rein mein save Game lässt sich nicht mehr laden. Ein ganz großes f**k Giants
Atleast the learned after 3 years that we prefer free content updates more than free mods from Giants
They need to work on the build mode the paint brush you just cannot see it very well and cannot adjust paint brush height like in FS19. Don’t understand why the terraforming brush is a nice bright green but the paint brush is white. Also it is very hard to paint a straight line, over all the build mode is 90% there just needs some more work.
For a future update, maybe there can be backhoe attachments for digging stuff. Not sure if it’s possible or not
When will we have Bulls, Rams, Stallions and Boars in the game?
The new update is great But they need to do another  now all the pallets weighs a ton and will throw your equipment around
hey farming simulator im experiencing a bug i think every time i make a new game it doesnt show the character config
O 🤫yha 😎
JE TO HOVNO SRACKA VIMAZALO MI TO SEJV JSEM NASRANY A NENI MI TO JEDNO MEL JSEM TAM VELKY PROFIT JSEM HODNE ALE HODNE NASRANY CHCIPACI!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Es ist echt schwer auf ein Server zu kommen sind die Server überlastet
I'm really missing the joskin trailers.
I'm having an issue where I can't select tabs in the store. It gets stuck on whatever I last selected on the used tab. So either customize or details. I can't access any of my tabs, for example combines.
Cool
All autoloading pallet trailers. External mods, by the way are not working anymore.
Bourgault, Valtra A,N,T,S, Xerion 5000??
The Belt Trailer tho
Cool Cool Cool
For PS4?
Great content! When are you fixing all the bugs you introduced with this update?
Give back the old gears in JD 7810!!! And change in MF.
The sound has been improved ??? 'Cause the harvester got new chainsaw sounds
Yes Yes Yes ! Giant you really have nailed 22 major step in the right direction free dlc ! Thank You very much. Who ever over on you're team designed the maps should be promoted hell promote them all .
Gitarre3
Mein Spielstand kann nicht mehr geöffnet werden und die xbox stürzt ab.. Danke dafür 🤔
The Latest Update hasn’t fixed everything on the PLAYSTATION 5. I can’t fill up my silos with anything. I’ve been over them. Nothing comes up to let me dump it.
I hope you will return New Holland CR10.90 Revolution.
You ruined egg farming 😔 please fix the forklifts!!!
Anyone else notice, 7810 gears have been switched. That’s a powerquad transmission, 5 ranges 4 gears. Up and down Colum should be gears instead of ranges. Threw me off and if it’s intentional is pretty dumb.
It’s not on my Xbox yet? And I updated it
I’m happy with additional equipment but the yield of crops suck I’ve done everything to get them to the max yield and it is still not high enough it’s no where close to realistic
if the game does not work with windiws 7 there is no sense to follow this channel, goodbye Giants Software
Free content? I'm actually surprised. Usually you're adding them to mods or running pack DLC..  Stuff looks awesome. Really is the best FS to date.
My PS5 said the game updated… yet I have no sign of updates… no new mods, can’t connect to the store through the game. And I still can’t download the Class that I got with the pre-order🤷🏼‍♂️
Xbox still needs some work They are ghost pilots and you cannot move pilots onto trailer Is still having issues saving game
No one likes case. Eww
I'd love to see a class lexion in the yellow and black usa colors
Bin ich der einzige, den Ankotzt, dass nur 50kb download zur verfügung stehen?
Giants, can you please put a 12 row beet lifter mod in the game?
how about fixing the game first.. completly unplayable as is now..
the CR 1090 combine and the challenger mt 867 tractor are still missing
Das ist also ein Update, sie hat es vermasselt
Free Content Update #1? As in, the first of many?
Spielset mit kaputter Box :(
Your telling me, there are brand new brands!?!?! I’m sorry I had too
Поправьте звук игры, очень тихо!!!
A lot of stuff that was missing or just wasn't ready at launch, because really, the Case IH Quadtrac is sort of a staple to FS.
Good job!
"Tous les serveurs de téléchargement sont hors ligne" ...
Still not available in the Mac Appstore…
why could you not fix the side panel for ps4 players when you updated the game
Appreciate the fixes, even if others are saying problems are arising (control reset is normal since it helps stop things from bugging out and the lag is just assets being re-cached since the graphic system was updated). Also like the little fix of the 6M because it acted like an AutoPowr IVT but the console shows the CommandQuad Plus. I'm still going to poke you guys about the 5400, though.
tarumlüg rutangisnetauq  Programmierer der Master K. I
Wtf!!! Have to spend the night reassigning keys to my wheel and joystick after this update reset everything thanks giants! 😭
Schön und gut... aber wenn man halt das game updated und nicht eine sache neu im spiel ist, ist halt doof...
Czy kierownica Logitech G Saitek będzie działać na PS5?
I love the new Mack superliner engine sound  I can't stop playing with this truck Thank you Giants Software🤩😍🥰
NICE!!!
Wow wow is real  fs 22
Try to do Mccormick X5.50
Plis landini 5880 and MF284
Game still crashes..... you have cars parked on sides of roads in town and AI workers can't drive past them still and game crashed 3 times before I could play even a half hour. Tried it with mods and without still crashes.
Everyone: Thanks for the update Kylo Ren: MORE!
When will they add the Claas Xerion tho?
Not often we get free content  thanks giants hope to be partner one day
Nice servers, 0.02mb/s download, give my money back.
Thank you for adding the QuadTrac! It has been a staple of the series since 2013! Was really weird not having it on launch.
Can you add the big vaderstead seeder from fs19 because there needs to be bigger seeders that don't require cultivating
Super Giants, bin sehr zufrieden 🤙👍
Is this update also on Google Stadia?
Schön und gut, aber konzentriert euch lieber auf Funktionalität. Der GE macht seit neuestem Probleme, extrem ärgerlich für alle, die gerade Maps modden, um der Community mehr Inhalt zu bieten. Da ging ein Update wohl nach hinten los.  Grüße
Wait! You can load Pallets in to the back of the large wagons ?…
I’m on Xbox and haven’t received the update yet
Lol this made trending 😂 I’m dead
my game wont start after opdatering on steam pleas fix it
Waiting on class xerion 5000
In the next update you should allow people to feed your cows silige on its own with out having a tmr
We need an older tractor pack !
ich will auf den straßen schnee schieben können
a mzoe takw koncu patcha zrobicie bo jest masa bledow w grze no sory
Great! But, can you please fix the Trucks in the game? They can’t even pull a full trailer. How is it that a truck-trailer, that’s supposed to be hauled by TRUCKS, can only be hauled by heavy Tractors because those are the only vehicles powerful enough? Lol..
Can we get some more Steyr tractors? Like the Terrus or a CVT Model?
i want the old case tractors from the 80's and 90's :(
Dear @farming Simulator , where Horsch Maschinen equipment?
Please add the lindner unitrac next update
Thank you FS22 for the Landini !!
Where’s the Xbox version tho, the mistreatment of console players is getting boring the house
Auf xbox wird kein Update gefunden. Mehrere User berichten das! 😓
What about a sprayer with 36m ? Like Horsch or Dammann. I realy missing that.
Please release the big seeders from the baulgauorat dlc!
Kind off broke the sounds! sheep noises inside of vehicles is overpowering
Thank you :)
I really hope they put a big air seeder  In soon
kox
Trees still flicker especially on Erlengrat for some reason. Even though I try to use the recommended settings.
Thank you for the update !
Hey this game is great but I have noticed that the bale wrapper that wraps the bales in a line does not work? Could you send some help or possibly look into issue?
A big thank you to Farming Simulator and the team at Giants for the update y'all keep up the great work y'all are doing thanks  again  farming simulation
OMG the patch notes… thank you.
I do not see any updates
Thank you so much !!!
Am happy to see Quadrac and other Case big tractors 😄
Will we soon be able to clean up the snow from the streets(so also snow on the streets)?
Thanks father giants 🙏 for the early Xmas present 🎁
Hope that you fix some of your hard bugs also in this update........
Thumbs up Giants. If all those bugs are fixed then this is a very good start for FS22. And we even get a free DLC! Thank you
My code for my free stuff with the pre order won't work it always comes up with an error
Very nice! Could you bring some Bourgault back too? Please?
Nicee!
How do u get it
Schmutz lägt nur rum! Bitte beheben
Is this the update for mods
please fix the frosty map bug on console!!!!
My game is not updating for some reason
<3 thanks!
Hopefully with this update I can actually play the game. I have not been able to play since day one of release so I got refunded before the 2 week mark on steam.   To anybody else who has had this problem, has the problem been fixed since this QoL update?
Quadtrac <3 thank you giants :))
When are we getting mods again
Könnt ihr nicht wie im LS 19 das Update veröffentlichen, halt dass man es entpacken muss und installieren den am Land ist dass internet nicht so schnell und immer den LS neu zu installieren macht auch keinen Spaß
My game crashes while loading on title screen on xbox one s please fix i cant even play the game
hala fs17 oyanayn ben :(
e a nossa stara cade🤗
finally
Giants please add New Holland Cr 10.90
When it’s coming more Valtra traktors.
Wurde auch die Leistung optimiert der Maschinen
Still waiting for you guys to fix the beacon lights. FS19 beacon shined bright and reflected off the surfaces around them, yet somehow you managed to screw that up and now they're just there.
Please add the ability on console to lower driving sensitivity below 50%, or give us the deadzone / input sensitivity like on PC.
❤‍❤‍❤‍Quadtrac!!!❤‍❤‍❤‍
When's it commming out
Wow! Nice update. This Landini is pretty!
I still miss the Fendt grain harvesters
That's awesome!!!!
Awesone work!
When is the update getting released
where is Straw Harvest?
Anyone notice the #1 in the title i reckon theres more updates coming
Fs 20🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺
I can’t find the update where is it?
Thanks Daddy Giants 😎
Lets gooooo!!!
Nice update thx .. But i miss de Patch for the Probs with dedi Servers at ps5
We really need the AUTO LOAD mod in the Playstation plateforme  :'(
cool
Wo ist Claas Xerion 4000 bis 5000 Serie? Wo ist der Claas Jaguar 900 bis 990 Serie als Rad Version und der 990er als Terra Trac Version? Nicht dabei schade sehr enttäuschend
after this update my forklift does dobble backflips when i pick up a pallet of egg.. please fix this
bro when farming 23 comes out for the phones
Is this the patch for console as well?
Is it possible to rework the game physics and update it this way?  If there is one thing this game definitely doesn't have, it's good physics. Something I'm craving for since FS2011
Nice
Bellissimo video! Molto bravo! Fantastico!!! Belle MOD ! 👍👍👍👋👋💪💪🚜🚜🚜🛠️🇮🇹🇮🇹🇮🇹🇮🇹
hope you fixed the pig pen bug id rather that be fixed than new content
This update has broken forklifts, unable to load pallets onto a trailer as the forklift spins in the air throwing the pallets everywhere, to make matters worse now unable to pick up egg pallets so now I’m unable to sell eggs.
Ilileeee thankyou !!!!
Where is Man TGX?
Great update, but we need new trucks, please
Thanks,  First time playing Farming Simulator and I am enjoying it!
Make vehicle tracks in the snow
Tinha que lança pra Android
Bug fixes and free content... heaven!
Welche platformen ?
Atleast the modders will give us equipment worth using...🙄 how can one dude, in his bedroom, make better content than a multi million pound company. Giants are usless... we pay money for a game that hardly works, then its left to the general public and modding community to make it a game worth playing.. giants need to give there head a wobble, incompetence doesnt even come close
When comes the update for xbox?
Also auf xbox ist nichts amk
Yes Yes Yes! First update!
Does this patch include mods for consoles back?
Thank you!!!!!
Fs22👍🏿👍🏿🙏🏿🙏🏿✔️ 2022 phone✔️
I'm never against free content, but don't you think the day one bugs and issues are more important to fix than working on free content? Games been out since Nov. 22 and not a single patch or update so far..
FS 22 mobile
thank you so much :)
Any idea when the update is gonna show up on Xbox giants
Still can’t download  preorder bonus on PS5
Anyone else having issues with the new update? I can’t download or even find the new content and the manual transmission and ranges have swapped places in game.
Can we please fix the wheel spin on the trucks, tractors with less hp can pull more weight on roadthan the trucks which have more hp.
Free content isn‘t bad, but a working game without 200 bugs and a framerate over 5 would be great ;D (please end my suffer)
When this update in Xbox?
Plase comtinue farmin simulator free content update 8# John Deere 6m and Massey Ferguson 5S 7S 8S 🙏
We need umbilical slurry. Make slurry and digestate viable as a fertilization method. After setup, its far quicker than slurry tankers (although they also have their own place) but the cost of slurry is far more expensive than solid fertilizer which is not realistic. It probably equals out when taking into an account slurry takes longer but is free.
Wow pls give this all mod for cosnole
Thank you!  is it possible to put a smid steer plate on small telehandlers though? The telehandler bucket is too big for them.
kiedy optymalizacja bugi z kontraktami ciezarowki i reszta zostanie naprawiona ?
Leider geht die sitzkamerafederung mit Head Tracking bei fast allen Fahrzeugen immer noch nicht. Trotzdem vielen Dank für das tolle Spiel und den neuen Inhalt!
Je le trouve super le 2022 sauf s'il y a trop beug il y a moi de mode et pas du tout de nouvelles Map déçu
better than battlefield 2042
Kubota?
They look amazing, but I am still more happy about the bug fixes
I was wishing for the krone gx and it’s finally here!!!
Can someone bring - krone ultima cf 155 xc baler to fs 22 this amazing machine is from fs 17 or even fs15 please bring it to fs22
Thanks Giants👌
Hi
So cool but Giants when comes the Stoll Frontloader pack
What about the MP issue??
What a fantastic birthday present thanks farming simulator
Toll! Der Tiertransporter hat definitiv gefehlt. Ich hoffe aber das bald auch der Aebi und die Rigitrac Traktoren ein Comeback machen
вот это я понимаю)))
I loved the new equipment but what I really hope is the correction of several errors that still have in the game like the pallets for example, thanks giants the game itself is great
Toujours et encore du matos énorme… quelle déception 😢
Fix this game pls
<3
Where do I get this content ?
Can you add more  tires setups options? like us versions
Make saving your game more convenient !!!
update farming simulator 16 ... I love playing this game !!!
Add bigger orginal seeders
Jak za darmo to dobrze
Video trailer farming simulator 22 mobile plizzz 🥺🥺🥺
Finally... Update with some fixes after 24 days.
Some of this content feels like it should have been in the game from the beginning. Especially the small animal trailer. And the snow Blower. The Rest is more variety of the same, which is welcome, but feels kind of an afterthought. Or they weren't able to finish that stuff to release and had to push it to a update 1 Month after Launch.  The game for me was ok at Launch, i only had 1 issue with the game and that i can attribute to me overstressing my PC, which should not have a big impact on the loading of the game, but made it crash a few times. But aside from that it was fine.
krone need "strow harvest" <3, Ty Giants
where claas xerion?
Kann mir einer sagen, wann man das update für die Xbox Series X/S runterladen kann?
Anybody else’s game crashes and goes back to start up screen in Xbox one?
Это что обновление?
Bitte giants kümmert euch lieber um eine bessere grafik auf der standart ps4 weil die grafik ist von 1930 absolute frechheit es so online zu stellen
The update doesn't seem to be "available now" on xbox one at the time I'm posting this comment almost an hour after this video was published
Love the game so far but was hoping  u would have fixed the ps5 pre order saddle trac pack issues.
Have they fixed the console issues yet? Update serves no purpose if they haven’t.
Would like to see the frame rate fixed on xbox before these at the moment literally can't play the game because of how bad the frame rate is in and out of cab and on a series x
Where is the patch on console ??? Stil not here sadly
Vielen Dank dafür Giants!  Allerdings sind die Server mal wieder vollkommen überlastet. Ich lade gerade mit 0,01-0,9 MB/s herunter. Das dauert also etwa einen Tag, bis ca. 2,7GB heruntergeladen sind.
I think it is much cooler, when you can get jobs, to clean the road of the snow or you have to clean the whole streets of the map. I like the game. Good job.  Struppkopf
Content-Update? Freut mich! ABER langsam werde (nicht nur) ich ärgerlich, weil man nicht mal eine Ankündigung hört, wann die Unmenge an Bugs beseitigt werden!  Versteht mich nicht falsch, gerade WEIL (nicht nur) mir, der LS22 so gut gefällt möchte ich endlich ohne Trickserei in Ruhe spielen und das Spiel geniesen können. Macht bitte zumindest eine Ankündigung wann der erste Patch geplant ist.
PS5   I still waiting for update Erlengrat!!!!🆘🆘 because all fields and shadows is flickering and I waiting for KRONE STRAW HARVEST PELLET 🚨🚨 THANKS
When will come farming simulator new game for Android and iOS users
ARREGLAR EL JUEGO EN STADIA SE BLOQUEA CADA 5 MINUTOS ARREGLE  PRIMERO EL JUEGO QUE PAGUE 50 EUROS HACE UN MES Y NO PUEDO JUGAR AGUSTO NO OS VUELVO A COMPRAR UN FARMING NUNCA MAS
When is it out for console? Today or tomorrow?
Great stuff! Wasn't expecting new content so soon after launch
So happy to see the stinger and quadtrac. Love those tractors
When you add Claas Xerion 5000?
Finally, the people complaining about no quadtrac can shut up! Great job Giants, thoroughly enjoyed every minute of FS22 since the second it came out 🙌
Thank you Giants!
Does this include the patch for modhub though? Just asking so please don’t be rude
Well could it be any different a version without a quad track
Finally! Thank you very much for updating the game! I can finally start the serious farming!
Just checked Xbox no update must be for pc
When will the black spots on the maps in ps4 be fixed? They are not only on Elmcreek but on Haut Beyleron and Alpine they are still there!
Yes, really thank you giants, krone and others! I am very happy with the additional equipment!
Everything cool, but what about honey pallets stuck in the ground? :P
I guess no update for this on console yet it hasn't popped up yet
Awesome!!👏
Wowwwwwwwwwww
They have done nothing but their OBLIGATION.
That's nice thanks, but please make a patch for performance issues.
Merci de finir votre jeu avant de rajouter du contenu
Sest quoi un dlc
I was playing in my world when i left and  joined back in my roads and fields turned black how do i fix this?
Pop rawcie lagi w gże take iak za pa daionce palet z  waż wami ż wami midem  iaikami i sarn że bł nie biegał po mieście i zwieżenta że bł nie pże ho dziŁ pżez zagrode i że bł pies nie pże hodził pżes płot iak iest płot postawion i śnieg nie pże latał pżes kabine w masznah pod czas iazdł
Sind da auch fixes für Crossplay dabei ?
We need bug fixes amd optimalization more then more technic  ......
Update for the ton of bugs no??
Thank you Giants! You are the absulute best! I'm really enjoying FS22, and i can't wait to use these machines! Thank you so much!
Thanks guys... but please explain me... for what i pay on PS5 Year 1 season pass? because i don't have any new stuff in game, trigger effect and vibration doesn't work on PS5...
Krone GX 😍 please more KRONE machines !
Yay
I guess I was wrong about this content coming alongside the patch. And by the looks of it, we're getting at least one more pack? Sweet.
Ohh it's in the updates, nice!
Love it thanks, but it's not in modhub yet, YOU LIED !😭
Respect! 😉
Looking good thank you but helps nothing if your servers are so slow downloading the update
:D I LOVE FS22❤
Sehr cool 😍👍
Vielen Dank Giants, wird sich direkt runtergeladen!
after update my save fell of bike because of 40 fps     sad
Wow! nice !!!
Ogląda ktoś z Polski ? 🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱
Yes Quadtrac 😍😍🔥
What platform is this video captured from? Looks so colorful. PS: Many thanks for new content and the patches, I’m loving the game very much. It’s still a bit rough around the edges but the future is looking really good!
Finally!!!!!!!
cool !!!!
Hopefully with this update, the ps4 version will be more optimized
Hopefully thé mirrors get fixes in console. Take thé immersive away of playing in cab
👍🏻 Sind da auch Bugfixes und so dabei ?
Thank you Giants. You guys are amazing
Looking great! Can't wait to try them out.
Hopefully the known graphical issue of trees flickering weird colours will get fixed
Patch the bugs maybe
Patch. Before christmas 🎄 would be nice also , thanks for the free content
Nice.
pls put this game in mobile plssss
How long till console will be able to get mods
This is great!! But will snow actually stick to roads? Kinda useless to have snow equipment if it can’t.
for all platforms?
Ist ja megaaaa🤩 vielen Dank 🙏🏼
That krone trailer is really intresting.
Ciooll
We are waiting for holmeeeeer t4 40 with the largest header…
Nice! Merry Christmas 🎄
Yes vervaet
hold up... Free content update #1???? does this mean there's gonna be more free content updates???? If so, does this mean the big air seeders can come back??? Please say yes, I'm missing my Bourgault big time here
Thank you Giants Software for this update!
Ohhh thanks guys !
Hell. It's about time.
