I mean look I know it’s only a fun thing for Christmas but can we appreciate tot gives gifts that for the most part are genuine tools that are actually useful
11:12  I love the fresh band-aids after you changing the saw blade
I love having flats on my screwdriver shanks so I can wrench them.
Selamat natal dan tahun baru dari indonesia 🤗
Seeing a Faber TK pen makes me happy
Loving your content mate! Very informative. I'm learning a lot. Especially love your quiet sense of humor.
Been working with old mechanical items at Regen Haus for years. Embarrassed that I did not know the difference that screwdrivers have. Thank you!
24 TPI is still more than 7 times more than 3 TPI...
Sam sounds somewhat like our friend Richard who likes working on old radios and similar things.
I'm almost 50 and never knew there were hollow ground screwdriver bits.  I've always hated slot screws, and it may turn out that much of that hate was due to stupidly designed tapered bits. I need to get a set of these.  Still prefer Robertson, superior design.
For the algorithm.
The scale milling sequence had me laughing my head off.  Always such great content and humor.
Hey This Old Tony, when I cut thin metal on the bandsaw i stick a piece of thin Luan wood underneath the part helps damper the sound. Card stock cardboard is somthing else I like to use.
very, very nice work1
Everyone knows the Philip head is the only way forward….
Those are absolutely beautiful
That's definitely very much, so a success. Depending on what rating you're trying to compare your armor to armor isn't necessarily designed to fully deflect the bullet (and not get destroyed) it's designed to take the hit and stop it from penetrating your body. Oftentimes, again depending on the rating of your armor and what Caliber hits it, The armor is designed to "fail" in order to reduce traumatic shock and deep impact. If the armor stays intact, that means all of that force is transferred from the bullet to the plate straight into your body, which leads to more bodily damage like broken ribs. But if the plate ends up breaking that means it absorbed maximum impact with out passing the built through.
they look great but i feel said about the type.. went from looking cool with typo straight to kindergarten comic sans
I reallt hope Inheritance machining joins in this year, he did only start about a year ago after all but his content is up there whit ToT
Boy, this is entertrainment!
i think thin-ish stock would be a nice dinner for the filer with the hacksaw attachment
:D :D :D  "changing blades isn't difficult"
Took me 6 months to realize, but he said "the more it felt like I was making a shiv" when, and in the end, he made the screwdrivers with knife steel. In the end, he did make a shiv. Technically.
"I cheat so much I've lost CON TEXT"
You wear a hoodie not a turtleneck I have been lied too by my own assumptions.
13:25 Where do you go usually to pick up your square endmills? I checked mcmastercarr and it looks like they're all out!
70% of drivers I have used were hex shafts
Catching up, Tony..
Is that….comic sans…….
At 09:55 2½ milli-liters??? Oh my, you're way off. You should never work in landscaping.
I did the worst job describing your videos today to my coworker, I said “he’s this guy who’s a machinist and he has a mini lathe and he is really funny, oh and his nicknames TOT”😅
I nearly spit my coffee seeing all the bandages after changing the bandsaw blade! Lol
Nice, I hope you can get a radius dresser to do a video on. Precision grinding is so cool
11:01 had me rolling in stitches looking at all the bandaids.  Love it!
So you break the gift?
I tought this was a youtube about the drink Screwdriver  .. hmm
So you disregard the nice round stock because you feel like you're making a shiv, but break out the stainless knife stock instead...😅
The “I’m all out of square endmills” joke really got me 😂
Is there an advantage to mixing epoxy on a glossy surface? I've always used old envelopes and such, which I get from the garbage anyway so there's no waste.
10:00 Bought some knife steel and never used it.  How big is your bought for future projects shelf?
Very nicely done Tony! It's a little late to say Merry Christmas or Happy New Year but ATB, Robin
English gunsmithing screwdrivers, short for control and strength, broad blade for strength again.
The actual screwdrivers we were issued with for making adjustments weren't hollow ground, but then there were thousands of us and economics plays a part.
My neighbors leaf spring I picked up this morning before they woke up
The flat shank is to get a crescent wrench on and get alotta torque on a screw
I love the Band-Aids after changing the blade lol
I would have used the machine to x out that k then write c beside it lol.
Can you do a video on how to make hallowed ground screw drivers?
😁 *Promo sm*
7:54 “I cheat so much I’ve lost context” 😂😂
Not that I'm sure why but flat shanked screwdrivers are usually referred to as Turnscrews. Dunno why.
impressice job ,result ,great vid. i just cant help mentionin the router takes away from the channels nostalgic ambiance. thx and GL
Who cares you say?  Gunsmiths and more importantly they’re customers 😉 Nice screwdrivers, great gift idea.
Tony this is what i surmise  You start with a set of gunsmithing screwdrivers  we will say you get 3/16, 1/4 & 5/16 you diligently use them for awhile now all the sudden it hits you out of the blue like a anvil falling from the sky, it is time to redress your screwdrivers now your 3/16 is a 1/4, your 1/4 is a 5/16, your 5/16 is now a new 3/8, you go on the internet buy a brand new 3/16 and wham-o you now got yourself a 4 piece screwdriver set. This continues on with every redress and the lies to the wife that you keep breaking the darn little 3/16 screwdriver until the day she walks into the garage and sees the 9 or 10 piece fancy gunsmithing screwdrivers set proudly displayed in all its glory and the gig is up you have some  explaining to do, and the whole time you are explaining  hopefully lieing through your teath about them being a gift from some adoring Subscriber if you have half a brain and while kicking your self for being so stupid for not hiding them in one of the drawers of tools she would   never in a million years look in.
Screwdrivers,  schmoodrivers.  WHERE do  you get those blinking LED lights shown  in the opening?
8 is not actually less than 7. But 7 ate 9, or something.
4:50 "Who Cares". Well, I recently had to saw an enclosure off its posts because the screwheads were mangled so I guess it's me who doesn't care.
Good job!
22:21 the real question is: are those WILL ferrules?
Rusty Screwdriver ...is that anything like a "Rusty Trombone"?   And...banned.....again.
You know of look mum no computer!?!?!
face reveal any time?
Makes me want to start a YouTube channel based on the extreme rare chance in the future having a custom made present from The Legend Tony himself but imagine having to make something for The Tony, the anxiety already setting in what could you make for this man that he couldn't make way better.
For some reason, the bedroom turns into a library at 3 am and I'm not allowed to laugh at youtube or practice the drums. However, I lost it with the bandsaw Band-Aid bit. The doghouse really has good ambionce this time of the year anyways. Thanks Tony.
You might like to know that English gunsmiths call these 'turnscrews'.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msHBypUBJj0
Wouldn’t simply turning it over change it from “left handed” to right handed?? Or am I missing something?
I hate changing blades sooooo much, I bought a second band saw. Lol.
I've been in bed sick for two days now and you've been a wonderful distraction from how awful I feel. Thanks Tony. You're a real pal.
Come baaaaaack
You are definitely one of the funniest hosts on the web
ok I watched this when it came out but I'm back. Thirsty for more.
OMG Thoes were some of my fav toys as a kid... still are if im honest.
Freehand huh?! 😂 Masterfull work, Sir.
Shoulda cut yourself wrapping that heat-treat pack... You didnt do it right. Do over. 😂
And a Jolly Great Christmas to you and Yours Tony . Another Fun filled, entertaining half Hour. And Bugger me i learnt something :) Dave from Australia
We need MOAR!
Old Tony Please do an April Fools video with AvE.
Hahahaha such a great video! Loved the build and humor!
I still think about that time you set the severely senile person loose in the wild during the holidays. I felt that
The only thing wrong with TOT videos is that we have to wait too long between them.
OMG, TOT made a new video! I watched the rest of it when I got off the floor from being passed out! I can't wait till next Christmas. Nice screwdrivers dude. We missed ya. 🤣
This old tony; thanks for all the videos. I never wanted a metal shop until I started watching you. You are quite literally the only reason why I can make jewelry and pocket knives today. I would have never had the desire if not for your creations. So thanks for everything.
They're only called ferryules if they were bred in captivity.
I nearly missed the smoke coming off the left uniselector 1:26. Had to rewind just to make sure. You are just the very, very best. For what ever the reason I can wait, the wait is always worth it. All the very best wishes to you and yours for 2023!
Our brand would like to invite you to test our products for free, how can we get in touch with you?
The editing works wonders for the dry/sarcastic sense of humor in this video, very well done! I particularly like the sudden cuts right around the punchline. :)
The freaking saw blade change 😂 love it! 🩹
rofl@blade changing on the bandsaw
Great video, although a bit long-winded.
Always a treat to see a new TOT video.     That being said, for those who whine about a decline in his  uploads; the man has a full time job, a family with children now of an age where even more time and resources are more in demand.  I respect that family first attitude and will remain grateful for his efforts and content, past, present and whatever he can afford us in the future.   Thanks, Tony!!  All the best to you and yours.
good lord...this look mom hyperactive guy here too...how can we get rid of him? YT is getting boring by the hour...
It's actually more than 7 times more
ToT, your onions look like garlic
Is this even a channel anymore???
I am just glade to see you back,   I look forward to your videos
We don't care that you cheated (7:48), we're just glad you filmed it.
Garlic 😝
I buy Forster/Bonanza hollow ground screwdrivers from MidwayUSA and alter them to fit my slotted screw heads.
I didn't know I cared about hollow ground screwdrivers until today. Thanks, This Old Tony.
My friend has a channel called Geraldsgarage, he loves your stuff! Check him out!
you  are insane dude . good ideas arnt cheap .... or are they ?
You could have tempered the screwdrivers back to a light or maybe dark straw color to put a bit more softness back in them so they won't shatter. A couple 1hour cycles at 400° in the oven should do the trick.
afaik you only need to harden the tips, and/or temper the handles/not tip area a lot so it's less likely to snap. I'm slightly worried the wire stripper will cut his hand! I feel like it's not unusual for your index to move down to the shaft area
we've seen your hands often but i never saw the green fingers before! you could make your own grafting tools..
and just like that... POOF.... my stress is gone.
Hi teacher, how can i make bungee hook
How does one double like a video
Wow a this old tony video, I feel like Sasquatch’s hands were just spotted, love the videos though
11:00 the bandaids got me man hahahaha
Awesome gift.  Well done.
Love it as always Tony. Have no skills, or even interest, in most of what you do, but I love watching. Guess that's what you call a backhanded compliment. HNY. And this secret santa thing means only once a year I go and follow some other weirdo on the 'Tube, so  that's cool for them too.
Bandsaws... Amirite?
They're beautiful!
I can't tell you how many times i've seen very nice firearms  with buggered screws because someone didn't use the proper screwdriver. Nothing like a nice scratch in the bluing from trying to muscle the wrong screwdriver and it cams out. makes me cringe just thinking about it.
Interesting I would have used square bar or hex tubing to make a driver on round bar.
I love the actually milling. More milling!
This is great. Especially in cnc workholding. Repetitivey using fasteners and tools until they are worn or how to make them last and do their job better. This functionally applies but is fun
Sam is a legend. And since you've given such awesome custom tools to such a legend....by proxy you are legendary lol. Good stuff Ton', good stuff.
Hi Tony, this video is great! As for the origin of the screwdrivers it's strongly believed by us in the trade that these came from the London Gun Trade for high quality duelling pistols and shotguns/rifles and mainly for cased sets. Hence the very pretty design. We make ours from Round Bar Silver Steel by hand and harden and temper them. I'd be happy to walk you through it with drawings if it ever intrigued you to make some very fine quality ones like we produce. Great video as always! Jack
Um hey man, the poops getting out of hand if you know what I mean. Happy new year!
Great vid as usual ToT! I've always known them as Cabinetmaker's Screwdrivers
love this stuff.thanks.
5:14 There is an even better solution. The bottom is wider than the top. There are screwdrivers with a bead on the tip.
Please post more. Love you.
Been Watchin for Years! FN Love You! Keep'm coming! Happy New Year!
The pitch of your voice sounds different to me.
A rusty screwdriver is better than a rusty trombone
I really love how you keep us super focused while just showing us the actual thing in front of you.
11:00 seriously? 3x8=24. It's 8 times more.
Feral Ferrules when encountered in the wild.
God, I love TOT videos so so much. It’s like a holiday when there is a new one out.
That's very IMPRESSIVE! Wish everyone here a merry XMAS! 🎄🎄🎄
very nice work. Im actually a knifemaker from Zimbabwe and i use N690 a lot for my slip joint folding knives. Tempering N690 at 350 deg C gives you around a 45 HRC, basically a deep blue spring temper. N690 is great for this as its very forgiving as a stainless spring and Ive only ever had one failure, which was more to do with bad geometry than heat treat. Hope that helps for future reference
LOOK MUM NO COMPUTER is totally screwed with those Hallowed ground screw drivers.😁😄🤣😂
This Old Tony, huge fan. I'm not American, where is your accent from? I can't get your voice out of my head, I left my wife and burned our flat as you asked btw.
Really can't wait for the next TOT!! I miss seeing this stuff - I admit that I was spoiled before, but let's face it, when you were used to the good stuff, it's reeaally good after this long! Used the link to Becky Stern's channel. I thought I was electronically, um....., competent. Nope. I'm searching for an acceptable term....... "Legendary To Myself", in an "Everyone Wins" kinda way. Merry Christmas and Hapy New Year!
Tony, how do i get one of your stickers?
I have had so much fun following this ring. My day after boxing day treat. It's so wholesome to watch a group of diverse extroverts, all come together, and document it for us mere mortals to watch. Thank you and merry Christmas 👍
11:01 The bandaids 😂
Wow, three of my favourite Choobers collide, Brilliant!
Rofl, the subscribe label in the foil !
I think I just got scammed.  Were you doing a giveaway for a power unit?
Contains no vodka nor orange juice. Thumbs down.
Most sewing machine mechanics also love hollow ground screwdrivers, as without them, youll never break the screw that the "chinese laborer set to proper torque with their rubber wrench" (according to my boss)
Nice Job Tony, Hope you are well, I look forward to all your videos. Hope we can see some more in the new year. Take care.
This trend of pronouncing “versus” without the “us” is annoying.
This left handed screwdriver joke is getting out of hand Tony. Merry Christmas brother, really enjoy your videos. Cheers 🍻
Merry Christmas Tony 💚🇬🇧🌱
Just discovered this channel,it's freaking awesome! Love the Machine content mixed with humor is very educational.
very happy watching this, have to go apologise to some screws now.
Are these also what they call "Gunsmith Screwdrivers"? I think I remember Adam Savage mentioning the same camming-out issue and solution.
That gunsmithing handle design is for tapping the tool into the seat of the screw AND to hold a strap wrench to give leverage .
Licht Maa Niks Komputeren
Merry Christmas, Tony and fam-looks great!
Here is a bad ass Electric/ Mechanical marvel that uses 60 year old antique components that lights up you your channels name in a crazy light chasing pattern that took a ton of time and effort. I really hope you love it.  Thanks. Here is a screwdriver.
ah this is genious! love the flathead - wirestripper combo
Great video!! Loved it! YouTube just isn't the same without you! AND, my sense of humor had died... Now that you've posted again, thrown in a few good ones, I'm hoping we'll be able to CPR it back to life... at least until your next one 😁
Love the hand wheel skills, pretty good.....lol
Becky the bender.
Excellent build, you can tell that you really enjoy what you do. I say that because this is my first time here watching any of your content and I really dig your channel It's obvious that you're excellent craftsman and wouldn't you know it You kind of got a pretty good sense of humor, but do you take long walks on the beach, at night.... holding hands.... Wait, wrong channel....orrrrr is it...? You sir have an instant subscriber from me. I'm looking forward to watching more of your content. And seriously, laughing out loud, you're one funny dude. Happy holidays to you and your family, take care. -Jonny5 🥁
MAN - This bloke makes absolutely Great videos - watching them may even cure Cancer
I can't for the life of me tell if the K typo was legitimate or not :D.
In the UK we call these "cabinet screwdrivers". The flat shank means you can get a spanner on it if you really need to bring the torque.  On some of them the hollow grind of the tip means that it actually bites into the slot of the screw, so there's less chance of it slipping out and damaging the work.
Dems wuz Garlic! Merry Christmas!
@18:40 thank you for converting 10° angle to Celsius for us Germans <3
ALMOST literally rolled on the floor laughing at the bandaids!  Laughed a long time, and then laughed some more.
24 TPI is less than seven times more than 3 TPI? It’s exactly eight times as densely toothed.
ToT - a machinist of your caliber probably immediately spotted the burred screw heads and bristled😬. I know because I have the same penchant for instinctively finding certain faults in systems that others seem oblivious to. I'm glad you pulled Sam's name so as to address the trauma you've been dealing with this past year 🤣
10:20 Have you met the good Canadian woodelf Matthias Wandel - LOL!
Warning! There's a scammer posting comments posing as ToT asking to be contacted via the Telegram ap. Its a scam don't fall for it guys.
Coudve squeezed a joke out of the filing part if you used the hand file
Hi T⭐T. When you make a gift screwdriver set for me please use round stock. Please refer to your Rollinator video, around 14.30. Round or hex stock allows you to spin the screwdriver between your thumb and fingers. These snazzy flat ones you delight us with reduce functionality! I look forward to receiving my medium and extra medium screwdrivers!
What a coincidence, I'm out of square end mills too. Thanks for the reminder! I'm going to pick up some square forstner bits while I'm at it as well.
Narex and Garrett Wade are both very good brands
Merry Christmas to you too Tony :)
Merry Christmas!
Happy Holidays, Tony !
after reading 3/16" x 0.028" compared to 4x0.7mm. HOW CAN ANYONE NOT LOVE METRIC 😆
European gunsmithing.
Glad your back, who cares who this Sam is.  Why is clickspring not into this.
People... blew whiskey an coke out my nose... ...please make more videos I miss your wit.. merry Xmas tot..
Still biting your nails.  Dude!  What you need to build is a healthy outlet for your stress. 👍🏻
@11:01 🤣🤣😂😂👌.
I always feel like people kinda phone it in for your gifts... with the exception of LMNC light chaser.
tot did any one have the heart to tell you 24/3 is 8
Welcome back, great project, glad you are alive and doing OK, thanks again for another machinist foible, miss yah Tony!
The band-aid on the thumbnail is priceless
Back in 1973 or 1974 while we were in Middle school a friend cut his finger off while using a bandsaw in wood shop.  The story around school was the shop teacher grabbed the finger and threw it into the trash can.
Gosh I love these videos
Where have you been tony
Be cool if you all could have Ave take part
The plasters though!!
Google algorithm: “Hollow Ground Screwdriver Set” has seen a spike in searches recently. Probably due to this nincompoop talking about them for half an hour.
Pulls out the aluminum and all we see are hands reflecting… so he’s a torso with hands and has no head. Got it.
The flat shank is to allow more leverage, and to make manufacturing easier.   The blade is flat, so why make it round?
It's good to see you again. Honestly YouTube hasn't been as fun  since you been away
@11:00  "Changing blades isn't difficult... " jump cut to hand covered in bandages  😂
I love the video but still think Robertson heads are superior.
Love the "manual" work on the handles 😆
The blades of those gunsmith's screwdrivers are very like cabinet-maker's London pattern ones, though they aren't hollow-ground.
Merry Christmas ToT. Keep working. Good luck!
Flat screwdrivers came from bespoke British shotguns - the $150,000 kind.  They should have a tasteful hole in order to use a pin punch for leverage.  One can also use a small water pump wrench on the flat for leverage.
16:29 Those are not diced onions. They're garlic.
Who cares?  Machinists, aircraft mechanics, and Gunsmiths care.  We care so much, we hollow-grind all of our screwdrivers - even the cheap ones.  Next challenge, make your own Phillips-head drivers.  By hand filing.  It can be done.  Refer to "Advanced Gunsmithing" by W. F. Vickery for tutorial.  Enjoy.
Wait a minute. Isn't "brass ferrule" a contradiction in terms? An oxymoron, as it were?
I would cry with happiness if someone made me these.
Why don't Wera sell an extra-medium screwdriver ?
I have that blade on my cheep bandsaw and it eats 1/8" aluminum like butter. I love it
Where did you pick up that sweet sanding stick you used to get the scale off
why the BS at the end?
How do we get you makin' more videos Tony?
24 divided by 3 is 8...
Its feels like bein a century waiting your new video sir.... 😂😂😂
Awesome build there Tony! Next time stuff a little tobacco in the pouch with the parts instead of the paper. You might like the results - gives a nice color to the parts.
Could there be a Hand Tool Rescue hand tool production collab in the future perhaps???
Have a happy Christmas Tony. You are a precious foundation or pillar for many viewers. Your strength to pull through gives lots of us the  support & encouragement we need to cope. Thank you. If you get upset, dont worry, just go into the workshop & video lobbing the cat in the rubbish bin. Dont worry about upsetting your children, just tell them it had nine lifes and you will paint an 8 on it. Looking forward to your next video. Re: Secret Santa,  your always so much better in every way than all the others. I am very appreciative & proud of your all round quality & tenacity & English humour. Take a message from Mike Patey - Back to work. I want to see Stefan (or Joe Pie (Piezenski)) make something for your Christmas.
Missed you Tony, Merry Christmas to you and your family.
Hmm knife steel just laying around. This is further evidence for my theory that This Old Tony and Green Beetle are actually one in the same person.....
How do I double subscribe?  . . .  did i already use this joke?
Love your work mate. The most entertaining machining channel out there. Your camera tricks always crack me up, my wife can't  understand why.
Include inheritance machining next year he has a great channel and has a similar humor.
Did TOT just say "buggered"? He's turning British by God!
So good to see an upload, hope you're keeping well. All the best from a random viewer.
Very cool guys.  Merry Christmas All. Cheers
Nice work Tony! Get yourself some Petrifilm, great for grafting joints. Hold well and degrades overtime.   I challenge you to making a fruit cocktail tree.   I’ve got one with apples, plums, pears and heart nuts.   Merry Christmas!
Dang I weird how I can miss someone I never met 😮
So what u r saying is u went on the internet to look at a giant set of pictures of screwdrivers and u r now gonna steal art by making another such screwdriver after being prompted to do so?! NI STEAL ART! CREDIT THE ORIGINAL! THEY DIDN'T CONSENT TO U LEARNING OFF OF THEIR SCREWDRIVERS!   That was garlic, not onions
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ?!?! yay
Thanks for the video
O.K. I watched a video on making screwdrivers, but what happened to just  "borrowing" them forever from family and friends?
"that's over 5 times more, but less than 7 times more" Me: Facts
which is why Phillips or Robertson are a lot better than flathead. But awesome fix given you can't change what was part of the original device lol
Colin got me here me , but you Sir are on a different level. fantastic content !!
@16:29 says onions, shows garlic 😆
You missed a sponsorship opportunity with LinusTechTips and those screwdrivers.
TOT is a Christmas Gift in itself! So good to see you again! Happy Holidays to you and your family.
Missed you TOT.  Hope to see more of you in 2023.  Regards and Happy Holidays.  Tony
Nice video, however doesn't this screwdriver reduce contact area? In the ideal case, the screwdriver and slot in the screw being the same width, not, but this will mostly not be the case, so you have contact length of 2x height of the slot. With tapered screwdrivers you have contact length of 2x screwdriver length/slot length (the shorter one). As most screws have a shallower slot as diameter, you have actually more contact area with the more often used design. Of course there is a place for ground screwdrivers, but just wanted to get that out of the way
Merry Xmas Tony! (And to all other guys reading this too!!!)
Oh how the turn tables....😶
Christmas came early.  We love you tons
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year
24 IS more than 7x as much as 3tpi....who taught you numbers?
How does Tony make a screwdriver interesting?
24 tpi is exactly 8 times more tpi than 3 tpi
Lol imagine being sponsored by steel
As always tony your video did not disappoint.  I look forward to the day when you have the time to make more.
what the heck youtube, why was I not subscribed!  I am sitting here thinking "This old tony" I guess he is still alive, then I realize it was a me issue... :/
I missed you man
The animations were awesome to demonstrate your point.  Such a thoughtful gift too.  Thanks for sharing this one with us.
So TOT uses garlic instead of onions when cooking.
Thanks Tony! You have been the talking point of our welding class. We cant seem to tig braze like you but, I did make a trash can using Tig and then oxy brazing rods. If anyone is curious. It will kinda explode as you weld.
dude, you are yt OG. please don`t leave us hanging too long.
Tony. Your videos are the ones of those where I can actually watch the whole video even if it 30min or even more and don't have the feeling like wasting time
Man the bandaids cracked me up. Well done.
and here I am just tossing my grafting supplies in a small bucket
The little sly jokes like “out of square end-mills” 😂
Love it! Never have been able to watch them all too many broken links.  But still a great 👍 idea!
You're a friggen gift!
Are you the grand master of etch-a-Sketch? 22:38 says yes!
Enough wire to run undersea internet to Guam😂🇬🇺🤙🏽
. People  ..... LOL 😆 🤣 😂 😹 😆 🤣 😂
If making a youtube video wasn't so much work, I'd make you a reaction video explaining how watchmakers handle this problem. First of all, our screws are flat polished on top(for the fancy watches), so you can imagine that even the tiniest deformation of corner (like the ones you showed) would be super visible, so we add a polished chamfer between the slot and the screw head. And then we redo our screw drivers so that the screwdriver hits the bottom of the slot at the same time as it touches the walls of the slot. The industrial solution (where the watchmakers only ever use the same screw again and again) is a hollow ground screwdriver blade. I've wanted to make youretubes videos about watchmaking ever since i started watching your videos - Still too much work!
Screwdrivers.. Where's the vodka????
You're a nice guy, Tony. Cool video.
Nice to see another one of your fine videos
Tony your comic abilities and way with words is fantastic. The unspoken comedy of putting on bandaids when talking about the dangers of switching a blade but not talking about the injuries is incredible and why I will watch every single upload posted to this channel.
Deducing while taking a deuce. Love it!
I laughed waaay too loudly at those bandages. DUDE! Custom lit Whee-lo's!
Well ain't those slicker than a cats... uhh, tail? Yeah slicker than a cats tail! I wouldn't worry much about the wire stripper deal cause I'm sure Sam's got teeth, still.
First, this is probably a great project but man, just stop using slotted screws :)  Hmm, I wonder if Robertson and Philip screws have the same issues?
I died at 13:03 the cnc cutting the support 😂😂
Very nice
Comic sans
MOAR VIDS PLZ!😁
That time again 😅
I absolutely lost it at the 11 minute mark. Oh boy, I needed that laugh. Thank you.
Nice onions!
Oh man, the post blade change! Bravo!
Thinking 8x!  Love your videos when you've got the time.
This old tony !? It’s a Christmas miracle son look!
Classic Tony. Milling a fender washer
5:00  i sure as heckle hope he runs across these type of screws in his videos a lot.  if not, you looked that gift relay in the screw hole too much.
Finally I’ve been waiting for more videos
Once again, the subtly tapered puns, the finely machined humor, and the editing on spec, makes my Christmas whole
Whoa. Nice screw drivers!
Those screwdrivers your inspiration came from would be patterned after British turn screws. Gunsmiths, as a general rule would make their own. I imagine flat stock was easier to come by.
I have lefty electrician scissors that I use all the time right handed. You just use your index finger instead of your thumb to squeeze the wire. I actually like attacking the wire from that side better in most cases anyway.
We need more, "This old Tony" , it's been way too long since your last upload. 👍
People😅🤣
I’ve always wanted to buy an old, good quality screwdriver set and break the handles off and turn up some nice handles with a beautiful wood, and some brass and make my own custom screwdriver set I can hand down to my kids one day. I’m also going to buy one of those old screwdrivers like Hand Tool Rescue makes and cut the tip off and swap it for the piece that holds the hex bits, so I can use a vintage screwdriver for a lot of jobs.   You’re right about bandsaws. I have a tiny one on my bench, I have a metal one that works vertically or horizontally as an auto cutter and I have a vintage one with 12” wheels that one day I will fully restore and move into the workshop. They’re such a damn good tool though, they make a lot of jobs so much easier.
“Finely diced onions”  *Shows garlic*
I know ˋflat shanked screwdriver´ as standard accessory for older sewing machines and learned that the flat shank prevents the screwdriver from rolling down the table…
Thanks and gridspeed!!
I made a cocktail of whiskey and paint thinner, I was blind for 48 hours
it's a christmas  miracle.
Olde worlde English gunsmithing term coming up, Turn Screw - a parallel bladed tool for fitting/removing machine screws, just the same as you have made ToT. Screwdriver for woodscrews innit 👍
Meery christmas Tony! Always nice to see a video from you!
If I ever need to cut "People" up I will be taking your advice regarding band saws.
I think it was TOT that started me watching YouTube. He's still the gold standard of brilliance.
Fantastic content, as always!
I died laughing at 22:43
Great to see another video from you! This Old Tony and Taufledermaus are my two favorite channels
Those magnetic toys are called an uncle spinny dervish.
Could have added activated carbon from aquarium supply.
Yessss an upload!
Merry Christmas :)
OMG, new content!  I think I'm gonna cry...
cool screwdrivers... but meh...  holy nostalgia!  them magnetic gyro light things are AAMMAAAZZZIINNGG....  Wehre is oh, Becky Stern.    You guys are awesome.
this time of year again - you mean...... TOT uplaod? christmas? never heard of that thing haha
i can imagine the flat shaft makes it easier to repair the screwdrivers, if you somehow manage to mess them up anyways.
All the plasters on his fingers when describing the bandsaw blades made me wince!
What a beauty of a video, loving it
Those are GORGEOUS! I would LOVE to be screwed by them.
Merry Christmas TOT.  How about next year an interview with yours truly? Maybe a little background info?  I’m sure inquiring minds would love to know!
I understand Life comes first, But I really miss your videos. I hope to see more soon! Merry christmas and a Happy New Year to you and all your loved ones! 🎄
Xyla started my circle! Merry Christmas!
Huge guffaw at 11:04. Worthy of Zucker & Abrahams.
The bandaids!!! ROFL
For older tools, those "pins" would've been rivets. You woulda hammered the ends of the pins to hold the handle together
Don't tell your wife about your cheating habit
Finicky or gimmicky?? =] Once again, nice work Tony. Merry and Happy to you and your family!
Some screws will be destroyed by taper ground drivers, firearms has to have them
16:32 Garlic?
I alway feel like I am back in school with my favourite workshop teacher when I watch your videos. Merry Christmas to you and your family, Tony
22:45 This is a joke, right? or did you actually get those contours adjusting the dials by hand?
YAY TONY'S BACK!!!
A this old Tony video is the best Xmas gift we can get.
love the subtle touches.  co-workers probably wondering why I'm sitting here with my headset on chuckling.
Love the show.  Big fan of "MASH," as well.  Nice list for you.
Technical quibble: those onions look suspiciously like garlices.  Culinary quibble: I prefer shallots for heat treating stainless.  Garlic is good for case hardening.
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping people from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
Spooky coincidence : every time I wear my TOT Tshirt a new video is coming.  I should wear it more often
Oh how I've missed ToT videos.
That's GARLIC, not onions :-)
ahem.  8 times more.
its christmaaaasss!!!!  tony uploaded video :D
Merry Xmas ToT. Nice to see you back in the shop :)
Yeah,  I mean...  Tony is old hat, perhaps sold out.   But at least he acknowledged talent.   (Just playing, I'm a fan of both channels)
Would love to see how u make theese without all the Machines u used  just with Tools only pure Handcraftet  🙂
Love my TOT vids... you are too funny-smart for your own good. 😉
This channel reminds me a bit of Bad Obsession Motorsport ie you and channels like you redeem YouTube from mediocrity.
6:10 first video ive ever seen n subbed
Jesus, After He said Blades are a pain in the butt to Change it then Jumps cutt too his Fingers covered in Bandages Darn that was Funny. - P.S. Hope Your Fingers hell Quickly.
trim the end of the saw so it fits the tool roll...
those screwdrivers being as hard as they were totally could have had a file on them, rough and fine. quick. call china, sell these tony.
My wife - I mean Sam 😹 magical
That kind of screwdriver from flat bars is how we learn to do it at the Liege's gunsmithing school. It allow us to easily cut a screwdriver for the exact length of the screw. When working on luxury handmade shotguns you need to have a screwdriver the exact same width, depth and length as the screw slot to not damage it, and we fancy extremely thin slots (we use metal sawblade that we ground flat and thin to make them) that let the engraver a lot of space.  Each screw is custom made the slot cut parallel or perpendicular to the gun. After adjusting the action and mating of the bore, we mark where the slot will be, cut the head to length, slot them using the marks and file the head flush with the body with a now very thin and shallow slot that needs a custom screwdriver to not ruin. Each gunsmith use their own slotting tool and matching screwdrivers so we don't need to cut a screwdriver every time. Although if we are repairing or servicing a gun we might need to make screwdrivers for it.  The technique to use them is to put your work on the bench on a cloth so it doesn't scratch and mar the finish and also doesn't slip. Then you place the screwdriver in the slot and place the handle right under your shoulder and collarbone while holding the handle with a full grip. The pressure on the screwdriver should come from the shoulder and the twist from your hand. To twist the screwdriver you should move your whole body to keep your grip strong.  That way you can apply maximum and uniform pressure and twist with a big lever (as you can lock your wrist and use your body). That's how you tame those ridiculously thin and shallow slots which doesn't use any anti-seize (only coating exists to us, Ballistol for the metal and linseed oil for the wood, period).   Luxury/handmade side-by-side shotguns are made using the 1900s tech.
in germany it is komputer
Happy New Year lol
That packing your garden tools triggered my ocd.
Dude I thought you were making a drink
Wait NO! What are the odds? WHAT ARE THE BLOODY ODDS, MAN!?
10:53 24tpi is less than seven times 3tpi? Is this some sort of trick math? Or maybe I missed that lesson in math class.
My neighbor's leaf spring suspension comment made me laugh out loud.  Well done!
4:44 I care! This has been ruining my life but I didn't know there was a solution.
I have been subbed to AVE because he is known as a legend but my palate has progressed recently to appreciate them. I could not choose a better time to start binge watching.
I'm like "screwdriver? Hmm. I don't know" Now I want a set! Those are gorgeous! I was thinking CNC milled from billet 4340 but these are way better.
We miss you TOT hope all is well
Adam Savage discusses Gunsmith Screwdrivers in detail in his Hellboy Samaritan Prop build videos on his Tested Channel.
but how is Hand Tool Rescue feeling about this?
Great to see a new vid! Particularly the word play and visual jokes, nobody, absolutely nobody does them as well as you do. No pressure now,,, Actually you've earned the right to do some quickies, especially if we get more vids. We'd love you no less.    Nice to see that Italian filer in action. Nobody can justify it, everyone wants one. Love the tool roll, put a belt on it and your neighbors will really think you're cool! That pruning saw that doesn't quite fit? I know you're going to cut down the handle.
Man, i need to go to bed, I’ve got work in the morning… time to watch a ToT video!
He reminds me of Etho from Etho plays Minecraft. Super wholesome and whitty dry humor, but still really good at his craft.   Like your internet dad or something i love it
A screw driver you can't drop on a concrete floor! How fancy!
pouch looks great for a beginner tony!!!! i've been in the tool and die trade for almost 20 years... and if you didn't get any cuts from that material... you're doin great!!!!! lol
I was dying to see new ep, hope you are doing well
16:29 dude have you ever even seen an onion?
More bandsaws!
if the shank is flat it might be easier to lacate ie you can tell the orientation with out looking
going a little farther than a hollow (parallel) grind and making it actually concave at the tip ("flare out")  could provide some nicer gripping power.
Hey Tony Happy Holidays!!
Anyone familiar with firearms can appreciate a well made hollow ground screwdriver. NO phillips head fasteners allowed.....ever!
Is anyone else mindlessly staring at the Christmas lights wondering if they are real or some special ToT cinematics!? I have never seen any lights like that.
Okay. I may have laughed a little when the camera showed the new bandsaw blade installed, but bandages suddenly appear all over your hand.  Been there.. Glad to see a new video Tony.
So much fun to see some fresh content. I know you probably have better things to do these days, but your stuff just brings me so much joy! Hope all is well.
A full half-hour of This Old Tony?!  It truly _IS_Christmas!!!  🤪
seemed like the perfect end and beginning of the week. Merry Christmas to you Old Tony.
Literally stopped another video mid-stream when I saw this one come up, best stuff on YouTube.
ToT is definately master class, from craftsmanship to video production to that dry British humor.....   Waiting for the next ToT Production is difficult, however there is positive side I see in it.  If we actually got more ToT content, it would follow the standard format of CC quiting their job to do YT/SM full-time, with new Facebook, Instagam, Twitter and TikTok channels, faster slip-shod content to meet weekly quotas, huckstering your other media outlets, and so on and so on. Keep your real job Tony, and keep YT and the pocket change it brings you in cool toys and keep it fun, not work.
great, now I know I need new tools DIY hollow grind screwdrivers, here I come!
LMNK… LMAO.
Hey Old Tony, I want to buy some of your stickers for my toolbox at work. Where can I get some?
I forgot how much I need a good This Old Tony video
@1:18 my brain was saying that the only real way to say what Sam makes on his channel his furbies into keyboards... And I'm so glad that's the video you posted LOL. Unhinged sounds of derogatory and this is a place where the English language fails to really capture the amazing strangeness that he produces. Thank you for a wonderful video
Now I know what to give my wife for Christmas.   A good screw!
He is back once again!! Praise the gods!
All we want for Christmas is more ToT content! Literally one of the few (if not only) I would contribute to a Patreon for.
Santa brought me everything I wanted this year... a new Kershaw and a new TOT video! Ok, well, at least half of everything I wanted. We'll see about the new knife. So great to see another video of yours, this made my week! Hope you and yours have a good holiday and end of 2022.
You made imperial sized screwdrivers for metric application ;)
Hiya
The Christmas screwdriver, so much tastier than eggnog!
Great content
watch your step Old Tony . . . Cà Lem is out to match (or surpass) MAHO . . . he's building a CNC milling machine.
Thank you for the early Christmas present TOT
Merry Christmas Tony and friends 👋
I wish you had consulted me first.  But thank goodness I caught you in time.  Most electrical equipment has recessed or highly recessed screws. While uncommon,  wide shank short screwdrivers are of rare use in such situations.  Guns are not usually more than two inches in the third dimension.  Now, I understand it takes time to make these, and at least a week to ship, so today being December nineteenth,  you'll have plenty of time to change your design.   (Don't forget , your time machine)
7:40 Same, bro..... Luckily,  it's currently NOT ILLEGAL to think ANYTHING.
Now we may never know what the odds are.
Diced onions...... I prefer garlic 😉
We hope you enjoy your gift from Becky Stern. If you ever have any wire to bend, let us know. Happy Holidays!
He made a tin foil lunch!
Really great to see you back, merry Christmas friend
handmade presents? really?  just get ppl socks.
Haven't looked any of your videos in a long time. You still got the good ones, that get me. - 12°C 😂 What others lack in conversions kn screen is compensated by that.
Missed you Tony!  I know there have been changes/challenges for you, but I 100% appreciate that you're still out there and creating content.  I hope you're doing well, and know that we're willing to support you in any way we can.
These are nice!
Sam bought the screwdrivers home and they are absolutely wonderful. Very tactile. I’m trying to persuade him to give them to me. His mum also wants a set of steak knives.
25:27: Damn, that's some smooth editing!
That MAHO footage was seriously suspect. More investigation is needed !!
THE ALAN PAN 'GIFT' WAS SUCH A LAZY EXCUSE FOR ONE
Hi Tony, Happy Holidays, nice to see new content!! Hope the new year brings out the TOT we all love to watch! Hang in there, we all love you!!!
Miss seeing your videos Tony!
Merry Christmas Tony, absolutely awesome channel 👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼
You could easily measure precisely if you would use a real measuring unit called Metric 😀
EXTRA MEDIUM you say? What’s that? Any FF crew here to show love for Makers and Extras Medium?
Wow, Narex being mentioned in ToT. The company is nearby my workshop in Czech Republic!:)
Man I miss you comedic maker content. Love your channel; please make more content!!
Excellent to see you again..... well your hands. Merry Christmas to all. In your last video you mentioned no wheel dresser. I have one that came on my Mitsui 200MH......I removed it sometime ago. If you want it you are welcome to it. Its a GMP Products Accudress. Long time viewer, I've met Mr. Pete a couple of times, we have a local used machine dealer "Lost Creek Machine" who throws an open house, I've met him there. Have a safe and happy 2023!
I'm too lazy to change blades, I just use my grinder (yes I use the grinder on wood and plastic as well as metal)
OMG all these years and I genuinely did not realise that was why I was destroying screws. Seriously,  thank you for that explanation!
Did you carve the initials in Comic Sans? 😂
Just throw a Weicon pistol-grip wire stripper in the box.
Merry Christmas to you and the family TOT
G'day ToT - NotChris here.  😁 The link to Sam's channel you put in the description isn't good.  Just an fyi.  Merry Xmas, mate!  🥳
Started with Colin, this has been such a great ride! I demand more aha.
I am thinking it might be time for a Makers White Elephant gift exchange.
Great looking Chisels.
All this time with no video and then we have to see garlic referred to as onion!
That tool roll is so nice i can look right past the fact it has contracted a case of crafting herpes... (Glitter)  Also well thought out gift for sam! I really enjoy seeing the things sam brings to life. Even if i only understand a fraction of whats going on...
I'm really enjoying this year's secret Santa  playlist.
Merry Christmas to you and your family! Happy HO HO HO!
22:50 LOL!!  Yeah right.    I love Tonys humor so much
For a moment I thought this was a reference to grand blue
I love Sam. The ongoing pipe organ series has been my favorite so far.
Lmao! The band aids got me.. that was great
Used to have an N690 carry knife until I upgraded to AEB-L. Bohler makes good steel!
Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year Tony to You and Your Loved Ones. Cheers from Down Under
So.. what conspiracy forced a large majority of all screwdrivers in the world for the last 100 years be made completely wrong on purpose?
....3 to 24 is 8x more...isn't it?
Had a rusty screwdriver once. Blacked out for a week and woke up in Shanghai.
Oh thank God he wasn't abducted by the time aliens ....Whew! don't scare me like that man
It's alive! Alive!   Igor, more power.
So, what were the ods? Kinda curious now
https://youtu.be/4OWzlXT4STs looks like you got a custom Whee-lo, by TARCO!
Might want to recheck the allium reference chart, those "onions" look a little off.
Wait, wtf with the engraver….did I miss a video?
If a promise to send you Socks for Christmas, will you make me a pair of Screwdrivers??
... people, he said...
Ok now I'm confused: do we heat treat with diced onions or with garlic cloves?? I have heard rosemary can add some hardness without compromising on toughness, could anyone experienced in heat treatment please advise?
This must be Christmas, a TOT vid. I am soooo freakin excited!!!
I think Becky and her wheel o we're super fantastic and fitting
Helth and Happy holidays to you and your family and freinds
10:41: Isn't 24/3 more like a ratio less than 9?
thank you for the band saw information. it helped a lot to know what to buy :)
Another great video. I miss the regular videos but I guess TOT is allowed to have a life outside my entertainment…just this once. 😁
What a nice Hanukkah present, This Old Tony brings us a video!
Hey Tony! Is there a place where we could buy those stickers?
I'm so glad to have joined you today.  Keep up the great work.
that was a picture of garlic  tony !!!
man, tony! thanks for the videos. I mean it.
So,  I've been wondering . . . .  Could This Old Tony be related to Les Nessman (of WKRP in Cincinnati fame) And for years I thought to myself that was crazy talk. Seriously, why would anybody think that? Then,  Today,  Dec 19, 2022 at 9:27 am Eastern Time while watching this very video at time stamp @11:01 I saw the proof well, maybe more like evidence,  or a hint, of a suggestion,  of a gut felling that possibly my theory has been totally vindicated and I can finally put the question to rest Yes, Les Nessman is somehow related to This Old Tony  band-aides don't lie!
I only have 3 bandsaws.  I am a failure in life...also great video.
11:00 - The bandaids made me laugh aloud.  Tony, I love your shop humor.  The kind of humor that is completly useless at dinner parties.  :)
(Just for discussion) The cross-sectional shape of the shafts of these screwdrivers would, to me, have a low torsional rigidity. They look cool and artsy, but the round shaft design makes more sense.
Am I the only one who saw the magic smoke at 1:27
hes back again
@ThisOldTony feels like an old school Muppet. Like he'd fit in with the Muppet Treasure Island crowd. Kid friendly, but also a little disconcerting. Educational, but adults can enjoy it while us kids giggle at the silly jokes. Muppet Treasure Island was my favourite film when I was little. It was the VHS I watched until it wore out. Thank you so much for feeding that nostalgia, and keeping it relevant to my interests as an adult.
22:33, "The scales however, took a bit more concentration"! 🤣🤣
Nice to see you. Narex 🤤…… asked Santa for a Narex package for Christmas. Great editing. Enjoy Christmas ToT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_qLUQk67r_U
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QcYoQu-FxDQ
"I think Sam is right-handed", and my memory is left-handed :O
Well done!  Oh yah good to see you back.  :o) Merry Christmas
The humour and edit never fails...
14:58 alas no: Sam is left-handed. Nobody's perfect (joking, of course)
Enjoyed…Happy Holidays to the Tony family
Perfect! In your absence, Sam/Look mom, no computer" has become my new friend.
Awesome.  My EDC knife has a Bohler M390 blade.  If you make another set of screwdrivers, TOT I’ll send you $500
TOT.  You have 1.1 million subs.  Need more videos than one every other month please!!
6:45 As someone who does get annoyed at screw heads being messed up on antique parts because someone didn't use a hollow ground screwdriver; I can tell you from personal experience that for any given width of screw head, there is a high probability of requiring different thickness of hollow ground screwdriver. And I am not talking about just a few sizes either, I have a bit set which has 54 different sizes all under a half inch.
Whoo, been 60 years since seeing those spinner toys,,,thx for making my 70th Birthday a bright one! Oh, the drivers look awesome from here (@@)! Merry Christmas, Bear. Oh, Santa finally brought my two front teeth,,,Like I needed them now :)>
enjoyed a lot, very welcome, thanks!
Every morning I check my YouTube notifications hoping for a ToT video not unlike Ralphie in “A Christmas Story”waiting for his secret decoder ring. And when there is a new video, my level of excitement and anticipation is about the same except ToT never fails to deliver! Hands down my favorite channel.
Just a note, make the shanks hex next time, so you can use wrenches for extremely stubborn screws, especially now that you're not risking the slot anymore with these lovely hollow grounds! ;)
this is the platonic ideal of a youtube channel. its perfect.
You say diced onions, the graphics show whole garlic.Who do I believe now ?
New video from TOT, BEST CHRISTMAS PRESENT EVER!!!!!!!
I am shocked, confused, and absolutely delighted that you and LOOK MUM NO 'KOMPUTER' have crossed paths like this.
yesssss a new Old Tony in my lunchbreak !! How lucky am i
We missed your face, Tony!
Hm, for me the link to Sam's channel is broken.
@16:29 no garlic? Those screwdrivers wont be a savory without some garlic.  salt an pepper are fine I suppose, but really should get a big thing of garlic for the shop.  Just sayin.
Comic Sans?  Why! Why? Why?!!!!!!
I know you did it as a joke but I’m still waiting for you to turn a square on a lathe.
YEEEEES TONY LIVES
Tony!
God I love the dad jokes, I really needed a laugh today. Thanks
i can't belive that you make a Grandblue anime references in your thunbnail
i can't belive that you make a Grandblue anime references in your thunbnail
Out of ALL the Makers Circles... Your Understanded Humor is a direct Flip of Colin's IN YOUR FACE Humor.... But I have to say... You had me in Stitches and truly enjoying your video!!! Thanks! -First time Watcher!
Buggered Up !…….Well i never !……An American learning the Kings English….you’ve made me so happy 😅😊
First video of yours I've seen (thanks to following the chain of Secret Santa vids) and WOW! Love the thought put into this gift! So many times my dad or brother have grumped at me for using the wrong screwdriver. Your desription was excellent and I've learned a lot just from your short explaination.
Garlic?
awesome video ToT. Merry Christmas I hope this upcomming year is a blast!
thanks for the laughs.  your jokes are the best!  What a beautiful gift.
First 10 seconds scored a like. Good vid man
Sorry Tony, may i unscrew one on you ? Considering how high-voltage wired Sam is, at all times, wouldn't have been slightly better to have the handles somewhat insulated from the shafts ? I do love the full-tang look, but this one time maybe...
HOW THE F*
sweet pair of screwdrivers! they are made from flat stock spring steel because the v-shaped leaf springs on the hammers are made from the same stock, its at hand.
You should have just crossed out the "K" and put a "C" next to it.
Merry Christmas TOT 🎄 Thanks for makering 🙂
I also tried the onions for heat treating but I did not like the smell of the parts afterwards. As a pro tip, next time spray a little vinegar on the parts and add 2 bay leaves. The vinegar "softens" the metal so you don't have to do any tempering afterwards.
The focus on the extreme close ups is exquisite Tony Boy....😏😏🇬🇧
I miss you
i noticed your end mill cutting into your clamp, are those homemade ?
Excellent entertainment as usual!
Your onions look a lot like garlic.....
Bro, if you need a 4th axis project for a screwdriver handle, i have one, and is already made for mach 3, let me know, bye.
Plasters on your hands after changing the bandsaw blade cracked me up 🤣 great video thanks for sharing 👍
A YEAR? I'm calling BS - it's 3 months since this happened the last time! What kind of wibbly wobbly timey whimey kind of stunt you trying to pull here?
Wow!! You're alive!!!
Thanks Tony, Your videos are always a gift!  Great to see you back in the shop. Have a Merry Christmas.
these onions are actually garlic. both are crucial, but completely different. but my eyes are closed because I'm here to watch some fine engineering
Awsome video. But if I may; stainless steel foil is dangerously sharp; I always cut myself if I manipulate it without gloves.
HAVE A MERRY CHRISTMAS TONY !  :)
I gotta admit, that handle shape bugs the bujesus out of me.
Goddamn your show is good, Tony. We’ve missed you.
Even though I still add the paper, I heard an interview with Larrin Thomas who said this is not necessary because the surface of the stainless oxidises anyway and that's enough to bind up any stray oxygen in the pouch.  To fix little warps like that you can try a shim temper, sit it on two shims and clamp in the middle putting pressure against the warp, then put it through a temper cycle. The cool kids these days are also using carbide tipped hammers to peen the surface on one side to stretch it out and press the warp flat.
A hallowed ground screwdriver 😂
Your presents are always some of the best, Tony.  It's good to see you up and about coming out of your hide hole for secret Santa.
22:44 Manual multi axis.... hahahaha love this
Why'd you use comic sans? :(
thanks for sharing.
Wondered when you were.  Round is available in non- spiffy gunsmiths screwsticks.  Gargle it on youbay.  Per norm your sent of silly is immaculately wondurmus.  Have you been busy, or don’t you like me anymore?  Videos lad, more busy should be you!  Happy and thanks TOT.
Man those are some pretty screwdrivers.
I haven't even watched the video yet but THANK YOU.  I always look forward to new TOT videos and lately have been rewatching many many old ones to get my fix.
Your videos are like the cool side of the pillow! 👍
You Sir have a beautiful heart.
Love the bandaids haha
16:28 - I've been dicing my onions as finely as possible and I still haven't been able to turn them into garlic. Please advise.
Brilliant idea
Tony pays for Felco pruners. Nice. And with tools that clean, they're probably sterilized too. Landscaper stamp of approval.
What kind of lights are those?
Jesus, what do we have to do to get more ToT vids? Oh, right, Jesus. That time of year. We've missed ya!
I've been watching this channel for years and it is genuinely impossible for me to tell if you actually mispelled "computer" or you are rustling our jimmies
Mmm, I don't know, Tony. You can't just disappear for months then wander back into my life at Christmas like nothing has happened. I'm seeing someone else now. We have bit of a language barrier and he's a little older but Doubleboost is reliable, I can count on him, he's always there for me.
Why no inert gas in the oven after boring us with the  video of you adding it?
I want laser eyes can I have laser eyes? I mean I am the king of skeletons, you can't just float an idea like a skeleton with laser eyes and not expect me to ask her laser eyes.
All ways looking forward seeing you again. But need more content in the new year. Have a merry Christmas and a happy New Year 🎉🎉🎉🎉
It's time for a wood lathe build, don't you think?
Beautiful screw choochers!
Your diced onions look suspiciously like garlic 🙂
I like screwdriver and screwdrivers.
Should have filled that with argon from the top and then sealed it
Who cares about not deforming the slots in screws? Watchmakers who service really expensive mechanical watches, that's one
in his recent video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9xWCuW5bucU&t=226s @3:46 he clearly says he needs a flat head screwdriver so.. well Done!
I miss you tony
Wtf is water hardened?
Hey, 12 hours later and it says this video is #15 on trending.  Great job,  those screwdrivers look awesome.
For me TOT is like Top Gear but with lathes.
I'm pretty sure you missed the perfect opportunity to make him a computer. 😏
6:37 "That is too loose. That looks... a little hard to tell because the screwS ARE SO BUGGERED"
I'm embarrassed how long it took me to notice the bandaids at the 11:00 mark.
Sam's channel link is broken
<3 Your video`s, from start to finish, make me smile the whole way through. Absolutely love them !
wire toy i remember u had to squeeze to get them to spin faster
Hey Tony! Any chance we can get a video of you pruning and grafting? Good size pruners; pome, prunus or vitis?
When he said "hollow ground screw driver" I pulled up a google search for "hollow ground screw driver" and then remembered, "oh wait, this is common theme for (me at least) TOT videos, to introduce a theme I havent heard of, then explain what it is instead of assuming everyone in the audience knew what it was. I then clicked back and what do yo know, he explained what a hollow ground screw driver is.
Flat shank drivers have another benefit. You can put an adjustable wrench on the driver to apply a bit more torque.
Merry Christmas, ToT!
partying all day after winning the world cup... i didnt think the day couldnt get any better!!!! THX ToT!!!
It makes me happy that this is trending.
Seeing you put the blanks in a foil pouch made me realize how much I want you to collaborate with Green Beetle. He has a knifemaking channel, with a very similar sense of humor.
"hollowed ground screwdriver"  That's classic Tony.
Great episode Tony. Merry Christmas!
All the best for Christmas and the new year TOT cheers from OZ.
I too struggle with what to get your wife for Christmas...   I mean my wife!
Hmm. Is This Old Tony any relation to the Lock Picking Lawyer? They are both just a pair of disembodied hands...
Of all the secret Santa gifts I've seen made over the years this is not only probably one of the most beautiful it also is probably the most useful and thought out nice job
Wow, WOW...  Just like the Tony of old.  Before all the CNC crap.  I Loved this episode.  Ahhhh..... SO good.  Thank you Tony.  Merry Christmas!  Love you, man!
The flat shanks come from old English gunmakers like Purdey, Rigby, Holland and Holland. They call them turnscrews. A lot of times the handles are made of ebony.
Merry Christmas TOT from The MakerBarn.
I just love this time of the year <3
wait, wait, Old Tony, what *are* the odds??
As we get closer to Christmas, it feels like that void in our lives just keeps getting bigger and bigger, and then all of a sudden, without warning, up pops the notification there is a new video from TOT. Thankyou sir for filling that void and providing your own special flavour of festive cheer. Have the greatest Christmas possible.
🎄Merry Christmas!
Most excellent, a new TOT video. I was starting to have withdrawal symptoms.
My New Years resolution is that This old Tony would make more videos.
I see TOT, I CLICK INSTANTLY!
Nice job.  These gift exchange videos are fun.
Geeezzz, it's about time you're back! Miss your videos! Merry Christmas!
Some color case hardening would have looked good on the screwdrivers
I don’t know what’s been keeping you from making more vids but just glad to see your creativity shine through again!
Haven’t watched your videos in a while Tony but damn I miss them!  Glad to see you see you’re still making content!  You and your channel and humor got me through some dark times over Covid lockdown!  Cheers mate and happy holidays!
NONSENSE! - I yelled as you were describing what do with the typo. Every philatelist knows that mistakes are what makes the item unique and more desirable. If anything, you may make it more likely that someone will plan a heist to steal the screwdriver from Sam. Now, to watch the rest of the video.
TOT, I am left handed.  Just sayin.
Nice one, long time no see Tony, merry Christmas to you all.
It's odd, every year I start the Maker Secret Santa series on this channel but some how end up right back here.
Just the best youyube has to offer, thanks!.
Tony, can we get more cat content?
The scales took a bit more concentration! 🤣 If I could manually cut a rounded surface like this old Tony, I would never need a cnc mill again!
Merry Christmas, ToT. Thank you.
16:29, your diced onions are my garlic.
🤣🤣🤣🤣 you funny sob, the bandaids had me rolling.
JESUS was born in September, what EVERYONE is celebrating is the HEATHEN winter solstice. Bow down at the altar of consumption and gadreel, the 3rd to fall from heaven, thanks you. Your false messiah rules his empire of dirt because of people in the arena like you. Leading the people of society astray, all the while thinking themselves wise, they became fools. You sir, are a FOOL, and hopefully just a misguided soul, or your LEGION, and you will share your messiahs fate in the lake of fire for ETERNITY.  This is a battle for your soul, he is now trapped here, do you know why?, PROPHECY.
Nice video Tony and it would be great to see you producing new content in the new year happy  Christmas to you and your family
Thanks for the video TOT,  It was the best Christmas gift ever.
If you end up heat treating more knife steel again, and if you get a warp, you can use a carbide tipped hammer (ive been using a cheap window breaker hammer with a small carbide tip) and hammer the steel on the inside of the cup. The theory is that the little divets that are made by the carbide expand the metal outward which in turn makes the piece flat. Lots of tiny divets, thought it sounded absurd at first, but its save a few knives I've made. Anywho, thanks a ton for making these videos, I've learned tons from you, and the stuff I've learned from you has oddly enough helped me get a job or two. You rock! Hope life has been treating you well!
The god of perfectly-timed cuts.
TONY LIVES!!!!!!    marvel lied when they said tony died fighting thanos.... 😁🤣👍
Tony losing his cool slightly at 6:44 is an amazing experience - he's usually so calm and stoic
It's the circle of life Simba
Hey look! HE'S ON TRENDING!
Im 59… the last guy that told me 6 teeth per cut was Mr Mahr. High school metal shop teacher. Awesome lesson 👍🏻
Anytime tony it’s only -30 Celsius here, it’s never to cold to visit with friends
Love the hallow ground drivers! Need to find a source for files for my recently acquired filing machine.  Triangles and squares round half round etc that don’t taper along their length,preferably a round tang less than 5”.  Looks like,you have a source, please share it.  MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!
Babe wake up, new This Old Tony video!
The bandaid gag. I am dying.
Ok, I’m gonna make a bold statement.   Tonys gifts are always the best.  Change my mind.
As I get older I'm running out of time so I find myself rarely watching youtube videos much longer than 15 minutes. However this one seemed sooo short! Thanks ToT, best compliments of the season to you and yours.
Bronze would be a great material for screwdrivers for rare electronics. Hard enough for the required torque but softer than the screws so you won't chew them up.
The changing bandsaw blades with the bandaids bit is gold!
I came to watch him shuffle stuff on the workbench.
I was just wondering if I missed anything new from you.  Glad to see more content hope everyone is doing well.  Happy holidays
Your link to sam's channel in the description is broken ):  Love these videos btw
I just love it when peer pressure or your mortgage payment forces you to make a video! Merry Christmas, Tony!
Love your videos!
22:43 your hand milling skills are insane 😳
I would absolutely buy some "this old tools" brand tools!
I didn't know angles were measured in fahrenheit ;)
And to all an Old Tony.    ... somebody get this guy a dressing wheel.
Thanks TOT. Of all the YT channels I enjoy, yours is top of the list.  Good to have you back, get to work making more informative and entertaining videos!
Tony, where the heck have you been? We’ve been worried sick about you! 😡
Surely brass ferrules should be aereules?
Was hoping you were still alive, nice. 😆
now it feels like xmas ,hey after a year and a half i finally have my garage workshop up and going and my minillatha operational i lucked out on quality as i found only a couple of things wrong but easy fixes one was the saddle it was machined wrong but inserted a 1mm spacer as the thread engager was to high ,usual grit through everything and things not done up lol,great video ...
I don’t think any other Youtube channel makes me laugh as often as This Old Tony.
Oh Tony, garlic ain't an onion lol
I would avoid the excessive hammering on the heat treat wrap. You need to have the package air tight, but often beating them shut like leads to hole in the seam or the corners. Generally the place I work we just double fold the edges, and lightly tap them for best results.  Also, to help with the warping many steels will have a normalizing temp, then a heat treatment temp.  Ideally you take the part to the normalizing temp and let it, well normalize, or fully thru heat to that temp. After that you ramp it up to the heat treatment temp and let it cook. This decreases the temperature differential and thus expansion differential between the out side and the inside of the part and decreases stress it creates so less warping. Unfortunately, this dose tend to about double the amount of time your parts take in the oven which is why it often gets ignored.
Learn not the ways of the heathens.  Christmas is paganism
Wow
first time watching you and I have been missing out.   Your humor and approach to the projects are so fun to watch.   Subscribed.
Oh, by the way, tell me Becky doesn't look just like "Eden Sonja Jane Riegel" or A.K.A. "Eden Riegel" from the movie YEAR ONE staring Jack Black and Michael Cera and her character played Lilith....  Tell me I'm wrong.... well, don't' tell me I'm wrong, but look at both of them...   See, I wish I wasn't so dumb looking, as I would likely have a twin or doppelganger out there, but god said, there should only be one dumb looking person that looks like me on the planet at a time....
This old Tony, you are something else
Wood, plastic,  people. Not 23t ✔️
It is MORE than 7 times as many teeth! By my calculations, it’s 8 times as many teeth.
Is anyone else wondering why he had a bone saw blade on his bandsaw?
Man I’ve been missing your content Tony. But honestly the first thing I think about when someone says screwdriver I think of orange juice.
Nicely done....
Tony, re the warp-bend.  You can use the temper and shim method.   Clamp to an angle iron strong back, shim at the bend, over clamp past straight, temper oven cycle. It will relax the warp out.   You can keep increasing the shim in several temper cycles and creep up on the right amount.
Omg I got a TOT upload on my Birthday
TOT trending #20
Flat head screws are the work of the devil.🤬
Your musical ideas were all excellent, and if you haven't already discovered David Cranmer ( aka nervous squirrel, and a friend of Sam!) you should check him out, because that sort of thing ( like a stuffed badger theremin) is right in his wheelhouse.
Oh ToT I have missed you bro, by far my most favourite channel, it’s not just the skill of making things for me, it’s the brilliant humour that is slipped in as well, “Sitting on the John, holding my uni-selector of course, what do I spy with my one good eye” 😂😂😂 “I couldn’t sleep with myself” and the bandaid covered fingers are all gold in my opinion. I really do hope you get back to a point of doing more videos, Merry Christmas to you and all your family. Cheers from Australia
Your sense of humour is wicked. I love it.
I live your subtle humor ToT!
So glad you folks do this, love your channel and love seeing the other makers that you exchange with.  Merry Christmas to you and your family, and thanks for keeping us all entertained and educated.
N690 is a pretty decent all-rounder blade steel. Doesn't excel in anything but is somewhat comparable to the ever popular 14c28n. Takes a good edge, easy to sharpen, moderate edge retention and can be made pretty hard through heat treatment. I don't think it's an ideal pick for screwdrivers but unless he's really torqueing them, they should hold up nicely.
I've just rewatched all of the seceret Santa videos too, yesterday.
This Old Tony???  How have I heard of you before, were you a friend on Myspace?  I can’t remember.
Honestly a TOT video is the best gift I have received so far this year.
Seems TOT doesn't know what an onion is.  Good thing this isn't a cooking channel.
use the wire striper with the screwdriver turned down and use the index for right handed
I always enjoy the secret Santa. You sir always knock it out of the park
Dude, where you been?  Miss you lots.
The Wire strippers are RH-ed if you put that feature down and use your index finger instead of thumb to retain the wire in the groove.
I know it's Christmas when Tony posted a video. Merry Christmas to TOT and family!
🤣🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂😂😂🤣❤️👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼 also, those drivers are just as awesome as Zyla knife! ❤️👍🏼
TOT, what a wonderful time of year.  Because of the secret Santa last year I have been an avid fan of Xyla Foxlin.  I always look forward to a new video from you.
Your link to Sam's channel doesn't work.  I think it needs to be: https://www.youtube.com/@LOOKMUMNOCOMPUTER
The design comes from British "turnscrews" for gunsmithing
Today marks a great day
Thanks for the early christmas gift Tony.
How do I get that sticker?
8 hours 145,000 views. Very impressive for a newbie.  You should go pro.  ;) Nice to see you and hope you are doing well.
This old tony is a not so secret Santa to us all
The moment i saw all the bandaids  on his fingers at the bandsaw I cracked up! It's the little things :)
The link to Sam's doesn't work....
Don't know what happened, but the link to the video on LMNC's channel isn't working 😕
Gunsmiths don't call them screwdrivers. They call them 'turnscrews', for some reason.... At least in the British gun trade.
Hell Tony I thought u croaked buddy.
So fun bit of trivia, the reason why hollow ground screwdrivers are sometimes done in this flat plate style is because it makes dressing and reshaping the tips much simpler in the end-user's shop.  It provides a pair of dead flat faces, so in similar fashion to how you fabricated these, the end user could clamp them down and reshape the tip without losing parallelism.  This was especially critical in the days before mass manufacture of fasteners, as each one was essentially custom sized, so if you were a gunsmith tasked with fixing up whatever finely finished hand crafted double rifle wandered into your shop by way of London or Belgium or what have you, you'd often find yourself needing to grind custom sized screwdrivers to not risk marring the finish.  Nowadays it's mainly retained out of tradition, but it's still nice to be able to custom fit tools to the job.
"changing blades isn't difficult, it's just a chore" he says as his hand gains 5 bandages on his hand.
Looks like the link to Sam's channel is broken--at least on my machine. The video exists, your link is just wrong. P.S. Love your channel. (please feel free to delete this comment after you fix the link
Onions and garlic are interchangeable to tot
What a great gift.  Always like your work. Thanks for the video. Merry Christmas tony.
Always great to see you back Tony~
Over five less than seven? 42?
Yay!!!!
When you say medium and extra medium, was the extra medium the slightly smaller or slightly larger size? Asking for a ratman.
I'm surprised you didn't attempt to temper the shanks back down a little bit... But I definitely _understand_ not attempting it!  Also, I am unreasonably happy that you acknowledged that you were saying "feral" at first, when attempting the very odd "ferrule." I'm a stickler for pronunciation: "pun-dit," not "pun-dent;" "as-ter-isk," not "as-ter-iks;" and "phenomeNA," which is more than one "phenomeNON."  "Fer-euwl?" That's a very rare one, in that still gives me trouble, too, oddly enough.  Love ya buddy!
Merry Christmas Tony
Been missing your content Tony and glad to see you back.  Merry Aussie Christmas and all the best to you and yours for the season. :) https://www.discussingdissociation.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/12/Santa-in-the-Outback.jpg
Komputer is computer in Indonesian, according to Google Translate, so it should be fine to leave as is, to give that international feel 😉
Merry Christmas, going to the other channels now 🤫
For those having trouble with Tony's link to Sam's channel. :)  https://www.youtube.com/@LOOKMUMNOCOMPUTER
Thanks TOT! I thought I was banned or removed! Fwweew, I can back off this ledge now…
Oooh how I've been waiting for this.
Glad you're still alive..merry Christmas tony stank
Wow! I went to play this vid on my iPhone... and it blew up into a million pieces! Just got back from the repair shop, turned it on... and received a notes message from the phone saying “Sorry for blowing up! Just got too excited over an actual TOT vid!”   Can’t blame ya little buddy. I know how you feel. 😅   Happy Holidays everyone!  🎉
Chanel link in description is broken, should be @LOOKMUMNOCOMPUTER
At last!  I finally get to see TOT's new _Easy Bake Oven_ at 16:33.
I lose sleep over buggered slotted screws and cry out to the screws gods, why, oh why, we have Philips and Torx to soothe our souls and they look nice and rarely buggered!
Spokojnych Świąt.
Happy  Holidays   Tony!
Glitter, the herpes of arts and crafts
I bet you made a set for your wife too, I hope we see a video of those also.
Two "Buggered"'s! The Australian lessons are coming on nicely!
He's Alive!
I've been a convert to the church of hollow ground drivers ever since discovering them on (I think) Mark Novak's gunsmithing channel.
Those look good as chisels also
Gunsmithing or Cabinet makers screw drivers or turn screws are awesome they are designed to be redressed for a better and cleaner fit, screws were originally very expensive, the threads were hand filed into hand forged nails and people wanted to show off that they could afford them, you can also use an adjustable wrench or a pair of pliers to on the flats too
Just what I wanted for Ecksmas! Thanks, Tony - it's the best one _ever!_
who organizes it? Shouldn't be too hard to just do that a month or two earlier. Or even just start the process for next year right after this years ending
Do they make bandsaw blades that have different teeth on both sides? Or would that not work? Could cut down the need of buying 8 bandsaws down to 4 ;)
Your gift to LMNC was pretty great. Hand made, all original made, except the idea... You stole the idea, with flattery or otherwise. The gift you recorded was pretty great. I might be presuming too much, but was the leather diy stitched together, or how was the rainbow zip included?
Отличная работа!
It's finally a new video from uncle Tony
Saw colinfurze post his secret Santa video.  Instantly got excited knowing TOT was going to release one as well.
Very nice to see a new video from you. Keep on!
I watched all of them on the #ytmakerssecretsanta playlist... Tony, your screwdrivers would be the one I like the most.
OMG! Literally jumped in joy to see a new vid from you! 😂
not sure if the star is supposed to be christmas-y or it's because "Stern" means "star" in German
I absolutely love the way tony makes his videos. The way he pulled out the steel out of his sleeve when he said he had an ace up his sleeve was brilliant and made me actually laugh not just blow air out my nose lol.
Yeeeeaaaahhhh.... Tony's back :D
I personally prefer no teeth in the cut if its me....
Great to see some TOT content - always love watching your videos 👍
It's rare to see Tony actually sawing a piece of metal instead of just karate chopping it.
Long time no see
At 13:17, I'm all out of square end mills... Lol.... I'm surprised no one picked up on that
It feels like X-mas every time you make a new video <3 I have I started watching Inheritance Machining just to scratch that itch of you being gone.
Bruh the constant dad humor is fun as fuck
You really are a good comedian gotta say
My wife has a fledgling orchard and is gobsmacked that there isn't a tot channel or video series for her!
Nice to see you Tony. The hands look like they lost some weight. Good on you lol
WOW! Narex! Its an high qaulity czech brand :) I guess somenting like makita for japan :)
Thanks, Tony! Always love your content. Merry Christmas to you and your family!
This is really neat, I’ve been thinking of making my own screwdrivers for a while now.
Oh my god.. I just watched all the vids, then noticed the 'drink' in your thumbnail. I salute you sir! #newsubscriber
That's a remarkably practical and useful Christmas gift for a guy that likes old electronics.
22:42 World's greatest manual machinist 2022: This Old Tony
NO question Spelling can be a challenge, so can creating Music or Tune, with Rhythm.       But *Wait* .. there's more!  No Surprise, with a *Song & Dance,* a fine controlled Accent, Metered styled to Tempered Tempo ... *You created an Instrument Driver.*   -  that can't be Beat.   *BRAVO!*
You bored me at 5 minutes in. Less hands. More doing.
Good to see you, Tony! Keep on keeping on. 👍
Link for Sam don’t work!
6:40 😂😂
Using a router like a 3Detch-a-sketch is hilarious
Cool! Merry Christmas everyone.  Made it all the way around the playlist on day one.
A few months ago I had tp check to see if I was still subscribed.  Glad your still around tot
HES BACK
I don't get the foil thing. surely it would be easier to harden it in space, where there's both heat (the sun) and no oxygen?
Hey Tony!  Great to see that you had a chance to get a video in.  Thank you for sharing, as always.  Hope you have great holidays with your family, and hope that Santa brings you more time for content creation in 2023.
Cool, and that was just only no#2 of the circle :-)
For rough-dressing grinding wheels, you want single-point diamond dressers.  You can get them from several places, such as Simington.
I miss wheelos. Cant find them anymore.
The yearly makers youtube christmas videos. One of my favorite ongoing videos on YouTube today.
New TOT video. NOW it's Christmas.
Miss you !!
I bet this guy gives a good handy.
Those tech colabs are great! Really heartwarming.
Sam's link does not work
Merry Christmas ToT. Thanks for your part of 22. Hope 23 is a better one for us all.
OMG, is this old Tony!!!
Merry Christmas Tony. Thank you for the gift.
ToT you box logo reminds me of a certain comic book hero with similiar fashion sense as you.. You are the hero we all need right now. Thanks for releasing new content and happy Christmas to you and your family.
As always, thanks for posting.
Sweet!!
Yaay! Thanks for the upload Tony! Anything is better then nothing i guess LOL
merry christmas, tony :)
Wait....brand new Tony? What is this, gift from gods???
Merry Christmas to ToT, Mrs ToT, the tiny ToTs, and the extended ToT family.
Link to Sam's Channel broken for me... However, since he replied to this video, I found him anyway!
Best Chrissy present ever. Cheers ToT.
Narex are Czech I think, they make very nice chisels too 👌
Ironically I took my feeler gauge set out today and it was completely rusted, I have no idea how. It had WD40 on it and was saved in a drawer. Live in the desert, so no moisture.
Tony the link to Sam's channel is not working.
There are good reasons for making a screwdriver blade from flat, or at least non-round, stock. The shaft can’t twist out of the handle. If needed, you can put a wrench or pliers on a flat or square or hexagonal shaft to gain extra leverage. Best of all, with flat stock, you can make a full tang with the same profile as the handle. This makes the screwdriver unlikely to beak, especially for the handle to break, and makes it almost impossible for the blade to come out of the handle.
Bah who gives a crap about stern. No need to watch past 25 minutes.
@7:52 "I dunno, I cheat so much, I've lost context"  HAHAHAHAHA  Thank you for a great Christmas present to your viewers!  And @11:07 it was a spit-take!
Hoooooooray!!!
This would make a great diy kit!
I was just thinking " I haven't seen a Tony video for a while" and poof a Tony video
Merry Christmas to you and your family
Masterclass Youtubeing!
Those are some pretty garlic-y onions
it's great to see content from you. you really kill it and I love your rhythm, keep up the awesome work!
They’re flat because gunsmiths used to make their own out of flat spring steel that they were already using in their actions.
Tony, you we always be my favorite YouTuber of all time.   Merry Christmas to you and your family, friends and pets.
Look at the 3D Etch-a-Sketch skills on this guy
The plasters cracked me up!!! :D
Bohler N690 is a really good knife steel.
Merry xmas to you and yours, Tony! May next year bring us more of your build videos (or else...!) 😁
We need more ToT content!!!
But why comic sans 😭😂
Band-aids after changing the saw blade, too funny.
The link to Sam in the description is broken.
Link to Sam's channel is broken.
Awesome job Tony! 😃👍🏻🎅🪛🪛👊🏻 ..... Really cool gifts from Becky too! 🎁
extra medium
Love the Streisand lighting effects. 😊
Love the video!!  Great to hear from you!!!  Merry Christmas!!
i always love watching those videos
By my count that's 11 Kittens... Nice to see you back! Happy Holidays TOT
how deep is the gift pool this year??  Have a great Christmas Tony!
🪛 Excellent video and superb craftmanship !  Thanks, and Merry Christmas !
Hello!
hand made TOYS...she's an elf?
YES!...TOT, it must be Christmas 🎄 😀
Amazing! Btw the link is broken
The real gift here is another TOT video.
Last year’s Christmas introduced me to Sam, and I’m so glad I got to see the church organ restoration!
Hehehehehe... I like your sense of humor, sir.!.!.! AND, the bandages.!.!.! Lol.. But, having been a carpenter, in the construction business for well over 4 decades, it should have been duct tape, with a restaurant napkin under it to help stop the bleeding. =)
Merry Christmas ToT thanks for the upload.
first time here - but gosh those drivers are spiffy.
That was fun Tony. You never fail to give me a chuckle, and the bonus of learning something while I laugh can't be beat.  Not that I need it, but the link to Sam's channel is 404. Perhaps an errant K got in again?
What a nice winter, Christmas, cozy Sunday present from ToT 🤩 I've been waiting for this year's secret Santa version on tenterhooks just to see your video, Old Tony. Thanks for bringing joy to my life, This Old Tony. Peace and love from Syria ✌🏼
OMG finally ❤️ you're so missed Tony
Yippee, more content. Just in time for Christmas, like a 🎁. Thank you.
They came out really nice! And watching LMNC basically moan when using them on the screws they where made for was priceless! I _really_ enjoy these Secret Santa videos! Thanx for all the great content! And happy holydays TOT! Greetings from Norway!
The myth, the legend, the This Old Tony has risen from the dead. I was about to quit YouTube 🙌🏻❤️
Design is quite old but Wade and Narex copied Stanley tools. (The old plane making company not De Walt) They were used for planes(cap iron) also gunsmith.
Flat blade seems weird , limit the places you can use them.  But well made and look great. Loved the packaging for them. 🍻MCTOlderT
Yess! A new TOT video. Cherry on top of a great day!
Finalllyyy new videooo. Thank you tot
Wish you wearnt so busy wiith your personal life so we could see you more on here family first though
Thank's for the video & Merry Christmas Tony,and greetings from Norway🇧🇻
Amazing video as always, but the Link to Sam's channel didn't work.
In ol' times they were called turnscrews
Merry Christmas! Thanks for the video ToT!!
Never heard of Becky's channel. Headed there now!
I wonder if you can get a square endmill effect somehow, via serious shenanigans in the mill head involving a deeply ridiculous gearbox set up to pull tomfoolery analogous to how you can get a square orbit around the earth and moon.
computer...with a k??? rrright
OOOOOOOOhh, SHOEbox...
Ah, another Christmas classic, it feels like the last one was only 8 videos ago
I'm sure I shouldn't ask but, since this is the season for giving, perhaps you could put out more content? As I recall I used to watch your videos every Saturday morning. It just seemed like the perfect end and beginning of the week. Merry Christmas to you Old Tony.
My dad is a gunny.  A lot of those tools are just really handsome pieces of kit.
Toooonyyyyyyy! (scream from the armchair of NCC-1701 bridge)  You made me again fall in the loop - wait a loop in the loop? Or I did get out last year? Did I?
Your videos always make my day Tony, but soooo long between vids its really hard on those of us out here who are addicted to your sense of humor and excellent video skills.  MERRY CHRISTMAS TONY-!!
I was in the middle of a video, saw this and ran around the house in excitement, jumped on the bed and turned this on immediately giggling like a school girl.
The tempering chart doesn't show the higher temps where it would decrease in hardness
Merry Xmas....  only think I wanted for Christmas was a new TOT video... :)
Shoehorning narratives is the American way, Mr. Tony.
Bandaid on the thumbnail sent my sides into orbit. Thanks for that.
You now have more subscribers than the population of the South Island of New Zealand. Glad to see you back. Merry Christmas.
When hardening steel in a stainless foil wrap.  1) Wrap the pieces in a sheet of paper towel. 2) Add a small amount if charcoal. The idea is to provide a source of combustible material to deplete the O2 in the foil bag.
WAIT!?!  You’re saying there’s more than one kind of bandsaw blade!  Makes me wonder if that could explain why mine puts off all that smoke when I cut Metal, plastic or wood?
Gunsmiths care.
has the whole loop seriously been two hours, wow time flies when watching maker secret santa!
You'r alive! we missed you
Long time no see! Really enjoyed your video
AFK - away from keyboard or away from computer. It checks out!
Jesus was so lucky, to be born on Christmas and all.
I think the link to LMNC in the description is broken, it goes to youtube's weird 404 page for me
Why no Philips heads? Is it something to do with ease or typical screws for his gadgets are flat head?
Nice to see you 👀 Tony,  hope you'll be back again soon 🤔 Anyway hope you and yours have a merry Christmas and a much better New Year. 🥳
I've heard 3 teeth in the cut minimum. I use 24 tpi hack saws for similar knife steel and it works fine.
I love this time of the year, the 2nd of this old tony's biannual video release!
Christmas only comes once a year, so you’ve got to step up on the video production ToT.  I love your work!!  Merry Christmas!🎄🎁
These are amazing!! Just so you know, I clicked the link you have for Sam's channel, and it doesn't work. Might want to look into that....
The plasters 😂
this link didn't work, took me to a 404 page... just thought you'd like to know as it's in the description of your video. Happy holidays TOT, you made my day a happy one, i miss your content.  See if the screwdrivers break on Sam's channel:   https://www.youtube.com/@UCafxR2HWJRm...
Screw you Tony,  getting people dependant on your content then vanishing, 😒
22:45 mad skills man, I hope to achieve that level of milling mastery some day!
What do you get a pair of disembodied floating hands for Christmas? Handheld toys of course.
Maybe the flat shape of the screwdivers you found on the internet provides more torque control because of reduced twisting of the shaft, and also prevents deformation of it. I use screwdrivers of smaller sizes a lot in my job, and I might or might not exaggerate with the tight fit. Worked out most of the time though. So I have experienced that a lot of force on a thin shaft is usually not that great, it bends and twist loosing a lot of force due to its flexibility. A downside to this may be that you won't be able to stick it into small holes when the screw sits inside it, the diameter is important there.
I’m sorry to disappoint you Tony, but none of my Screwdrivers, Instrument that I was officially issued with for screwing screws on old telephone uniselectors were hollow ground. Just thought you’d like to know.
maths 😑
Looking at what other machinists and engineers have come up with before you isn't cheating, it's (a) the smart thing to do and (b) a major source of _even better_ ideas.  If you call that cheating, then cheat away. :)
Via Secret Santa - u r really good! Subscribed.
This Old Tony never gets old.
good thing for secret santa or we'd never see tot
25:26 look at the top of the box
I'd buy those. PS. Am working my way round the loop and the link to Sam's channel don't work currently.
Wait a minute, those aren't Screwdrivers, those are Turnscrews!
Use a hanky or a tissue to wipe your nose; especially if the sleeve of your shirt is pretty much the only thing we know you wear. I am 90% sure you don't wear pants in 60% of your videos.
HES BAAAACK
We love you Tony! So glad you’re still around. Merry Christmas to you and yours!
He DOES exist!
What do you keep in the boot now?
These wire-forms are so rad!
It took me a few minutes to remember which of my other favorite makers had a custom screwdriver: Hand Tool Rescue.
OMG A NEW VIDEO
I liked this before I saw it. Thanks, This Old Tony.
carefull with the bendsaw, was once using one.. but a much bigger, industial one. It happend that i was cleaning in the same time, the clothe i was using touch the blade and was pulled so fast that my hand just follow.  I was very lucky that at the impact-moment the blade jumped out from the pulie, the tension-sensor noticed it and stoped the motor. 2 broken bones... ~30 stiches...
Merry christmas tony!
13:03 oh no!!!
your humor is out of this world good, always brings out joy no matter what! I take that as a x-mas gift from you, though I really would have wanted a lathe as well.. next year? A lathe next year it is.
You showed a photo of garlic, not onions.
Neighbors leaf spring? And how exactly did you get that??
I was already going through the third cycle watching old ToT videos and finally, there is a new one. Absolutely worth waiting for!
Missed you pal
Thanks This old Tony, helps a lot!
I think you must be competing with mr. Pete for the numbeof bandsaws you can fit in your shop. You can afford another one! Just quit drinking beer For a while.
🎄🎄
Wait, is it Christmas already? A gift from T.O.T. this morning? Yay!
Wishing you and yours a merry Christmas!   🎄🎄⛄⛄🎄🎄
absolutely love the plasters all over your hand after changing bandsaw blades. We've all been there! Merry Christmas ToT
Great skill, great humour
LOL, tilted at 10 degrees [-12C].   Thats not how it works!   Thats not how any of this works! Love your content TOT!
We're not worthy. THIS OLD TONY Christmas special. 30 minutes absolute awesomeness. Thank You!
You can't beat a Drum with a hole in it for a Christmas present.
This year he didnt lie about cutting it out on a bandsaw!
Miss these videos.
Nice to see you Tony, one of the best, if not the best, on the Internet. Just one point if you don't mind though, the onions should have been first, always the onion first except if you are frying bacon pieces. Then they go first. But otherwise its always the onions. H ha. Merry Christmas.
just looked through my stash and I own ONE hollow ground screwdriver...an electritions one from the 80s. never knew the difference.
Well, well, well...  Look who decided to upload.  Our favorite ToT
new ToT and the YT makers secret santa builds? It's a good christmas already!
Well done , a fine job .
Have a wonderful  Christmas  and a very Happy New Year  Tony!! Thanks  for  the video...made my whole week better !!
and 4.. the direction of mounting
Um, that was garlic not onion... just sayin. But thanks for a great video otherwise. 😜
They turned out beautifully. Thoughtful present too. A very merry Christmas to you and yours.🧑‍🎄
The band-aids had me in stiches.
are the 5 patches a single accident or 5 different smaller accidents?
Tony posted??! It really is the season to be jolly
And so, Santa Tony gave us a lovely video so we may GORGE ourselves this holiday season. Best to you and yours Tony. Hope all are well!!  ❤
The king of Canuckistan is back! Didn't know about the gift circle and I'm really enjoying the videos. Good to see you again Tony.
Nice!🎅 Merry Christmas to you and yours T. O. T. what a nice surprise a new video. That's a great idea too, the makers make something for the makers 🤓 have a great holiday everyone
Holy Chit the man lives LOL
i need to grow my youtube channel so i can take part in this YT Maker Secret santa next year!!
Don't get me wrong, I enjoy most other creators/makers on secret Santa too but it really feels like a raffle where getting ToT to make for you is the winning the whole thing.   Thoughtful and useful stuff instead of novelty items where you go "hmmm, cool" and store them in some corner
wohoooo tot the santa give early christmas gift today
I always seem to only get your channel in my feed during the holiday season when you do the secret Santa stuff. Guess I'll watch this then binge everything else you've made since last year.
24tpi is not less than 7 times more than 3 tpi it is, in fact, more than 7 times more but less than 9 times more.
Worth the wait. Always look forward to your videos.
The mind behind the tools is only as good as the tools in hand. Ask Furze. You've unlocked MechaLMNC!
Link to Sam's channel is brokey brokey.
The link to Sam's channel does not work.
Best crimbo prezzy ever! New TOT!
Oh how I love this show and TOT!
Merry Christmas everyone hope everyone has a blessed holiday
Grrreate Videos ,all and to ALLL a hAppY Holidaze  Doc BC
TOT, your videos are the best on YouTube. I love your sense of humor. Watch out for those sharp band saw blades! lol
Miss u 💔
Nice to not see you again, well at least most of you. had me worried there, but not as much as one might think. Life gets busy, I understand. Thanks for the videos and Merry Christmas to you and yours.
Hey, don't try to fool us, that's garlic!
First of all, that was garlic! Now the screwdriver might have to much bite! And now more seriously, Tony, why no argon? I can see only the nozzle on the top with no more hosing :(.
Hey Tony, just letting you know, the link to "See if the screwdrivers break on Sam's channel" in the description doesn't seem to work. Maybe it's not up yet for us peasants, but who knows! Have a nice holiday :)
I'm impressed that you only needed five bandages - and on only one hand to boot. I usually end up replacing a finger or two if I forget my gloves. I've found that having one of my interns, or a niece/nephew change the blades cuts your chances of getting hurt by about half. Interns are a lot cheaper than a prosthetic and my siblings can always make more kids.
The man, the myth, the legend
Laugh hard at all the band-aids during the bandsaw talk! Great gift and hope to see another video soon!
My favorite YouTuber TOTK
This whole Secret Santa maker-mix is a great idea!
I'm having trouble with the link to Sam's video
Was just wondering  about you yesterday. Glad to see you still live :)
Merry Christmas to all dads and mumnocomputers.
22:46 😄😄😄😄🙄
If This Old Tony sent me a gift of screwdrivers without ToT or ToK inscribed on one side, I'd bend it and send it back to him.
Finally. I was worried about you ol head. Kinda missed the content too. ❤😂🎉
🎄 Merry Christmas & Happy New Year to everyone  🎄
holy ish. I literally JUST ordered a set of these EXACT screwdrivers 3 days ago.
or  you take a standard screwdriver and grind it hollow on the benchgrinder,  the radius from the grondingwheel is just good, easypeacy....
Your welding bench - so many dog foot prints!
For a man saying he has no time i saw a almost impossible hu-manly focus on "just the tip"....  <_< ..  ;-)
Можно подумать там зубило а не отвёртка
The plasters had me in stiches XD
Your link to Sam's channel is incorrect!
Your diced onions look kinda garlicky
haha the bandaid on the thumbnail
Sam's channel link is broken
Merry Christmas Tony and a Great New Year.
you should include Inheritance Machining next year. he's really good
We missed you great that you are back
What a year...i could swear the last makers secret Santa was only 4-5 months ago!!
YES!!!! A new video! Merry Holidays TOT!
Thank you for putting out another video!!  The time between them is excruciating. Always looking forward to the next TOT vid. Wishing you and yours, Merry Christmas 🎄!!
...finely chopped onions [shows garlic]  // Strong shurap vibes
nice ..... av you seen .... Mirock's Toolworks .... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=glMKs7pU-z8  peace
What... the frig? Tony's ALIVE???  ... I guess that's one Christmas Special I'm glad to see!
I do so wish for more TOT Videos for Christmas!
Glad you showed up. Like your style and content. The way you sneak in the what some would call 'boring stuff', but what is at the basis of the craft.
Saw Diresta's present build and now you. Great idea, I like the recovery from the typo, great artists just continue on from problems such as this.  Merry Christmas to you, your family and everyone at TOT. Thanks for another great year of content, look forward to seeing you next year.
The link to Sam's channel isn't working
A buggered up screw isn't only an eye sore, it makes for an awkward conversation afterwards as well.
Don't worry about the spelling, TOT, everybody makes mistaces.
So glad ur back
Long time, no see, Tony! Thank you and happy Christmas! I wish you make much more videos in 2023)
I like this guy, I'm only 8 minutes into the video, and I've already exhaled through my nose multiple times.
We only use hollow ground screwdrivers in gunsmithing as well.  Nothing looks worse than a stunning antique firearm with mangled screws.  Also we use polished face hammers.  Edit: I posted this and within 10sec ToT gets to the part where he brings up gunsmithing screwdrivers. Fortuitous.
Dear Santa, I wish for Toni much health and strength. With his videos he has given me so much in the last years. Hopefully there will soon be new videos from him!
45k views, 445 comments, in 2 hours... nice.  Glad you are back! If you could get to making more videos soon, my youtube playlists are seriously short on TOT videos
No rusty screwdriver for me. But a Rusty Nail sounds good. PS, nice work.
never knew why some flat blade screw drivers worked better then others until this video but have come across many a destroyed flat head jet screws in old carburetors now i know why and what screw driver to get as gifts for fellow gear heads
@This Old Tony - Even if you only turn out ONE video a year.....we will ALL be here to watch. Thanks Tony...
Hi Tony! 👋
🤣😂🤣the band aids after the blade change... yup I think we all understand.
OOOOOHHH SNAP! This old Santa Tony!
I love the sound effects and the calm yet interesting vibe of the video
Nice screwdrivers! Merry Christmas  TOT.
Your videos never cease to make me sneaker. I mean snicker. I heard what you did there. Keep it up, this was great. Can’t wait til your next video!
was bracing for the squeals but what a gorgeous cut on that bandsaw *hearteyes*
This was a really really grate video man, You earned my sub🎉.
Look at telecom guy snips.  The built in strippers are built into the "bottom" if the snips are in your right hand or the top of the snips if you're pulling toward you while stripping.  So if you're used to doing telecom work with snips, it's normal to have the stripper where you put it.  For me, at least.
Hey Tony, I'm happy to see that nothing bad happened. But while sweep grinding, my journeyman told me you should always sweep into the work, never away from the work.  You don't want anything to get caught and sucked under the wheel, destroying your wheel, possibly damaging your grinder, and most definitely ruining your undies.  Also, you should look into getting some form of dust extraction for your grinder, not only for cleanliness but for your health.
the flat shank would allow the application of the trusty swedish thumb detecting nut fucker for the stuck screws
Is it me or does he sound like Ambiguous Amphibian?
This is literally the best channel one can watch
This is like Christmas in advance 👍😀
Since I have no problem being "that guy," at 16:25, he mentions adding finely diced onions for heat treating steel, but the photo was of garlic. Could we get a clarification?  I want to be sure I do it right.
Bt used to have special screw drivers that had a split slot screw blade. that could be tighten to grip the inside of a slotted screw head.
Not gwauge plate then...
3×7>24?  My middle school math teacher just had an aneurysm.
Your new neighbors are going to love you. Good job as ever, those are _Beautiful_ !
"MOM GET IN HERE! TONY UPLOADED!"
Looks like I need to send you some screwdrivers!
Dude so crazy I was literally just thinking last night how you haven't made a video in months.
maybe next year santa will bring you something less useful and none edc...
When the world needed him the most.....he returned.
i cant believe that LMNK mistake is real
HOORAY!
Ah the standard GPO screwhead, which most ex-GPO engineers always had the right screwdriver for, cos they stole 'em... :P
But Toby LeRone swears by triangular shafted screwdrivers.
YAAAAAAS it's back, your video was the first of the loop for me this year
Glad you're not dead.
As I get older, and apparently as Tony does the same, the diminishing joy of Christmas is offset by an obligatory ToT video. 😁
Keep them coming TOT.
sam's link 404
So... What ever happen to those two newborn kittens crawling around on a shop rag from many videos ago??
Hello epoxy, my old friend. I've come to glue with you again...
TONY'S BACK BABY!!
Your sense of humor is so on point. Sharp wit and learning from the school of hard knocks has done right by you. In the hallowed halls of gift makers you have a strong grip on your craft and handle the pressure of the deadline really well. Thanks Tony!
Endless Love to you, old Tony! Merry Christmas to you and your loved ones!
Just a heads up, the link to 'LMNC' is borked, 404 As always, worth the wait, I really enjoy the secret santa videos
the family get togethers havent been the same with this old reruns.  but some time travel should fix it right up, im sure im already over it in some timeline.
Merry Xmas Mr. Tony 🍀
Enough wire to run internet to Guam...I'm laughing like a lunatic alone in my garage
Nicely done!
I know those are stainless and not carbon steel but you should have been able to take a torch to the handle and heat it up to draw back the hardness of the rest of the screwdriver
Merry Christmas Tony!
Merry Christmas, Tony!! @ 16:29 That's Garlic! You only want onions in your screwdriver! Or is it celery. Is that in a screwdriver? Hmmm...Bloody Mary, I can't remember!
Who cares about screwdrivers? Gun smiths care. They care a lot. It they're a real gun smith. Edit: it was addressed in the video. Perhaps I should watch the entire video before commenting...
Anyone else listen to f**kface, here's another extra medium guy 6:29
@17:45 can somebody tell in detail how does that hardening test (55,60,65) work with those metal files?
Cyclops has awoken.
Harbor Freight has these for 5 dollars a set.
I love cosy watching these videos in bed with snow outside.
Lool, out of prison again?
Merry Christmas Tony... Miss ya.
Merry Christmas, ToT!
I see what you did there. You said diced onions, but you showed garlic. Pre-diced onions.
fun fact, those aren't Xmas lights on the bench there.  Those are white-hot chips of metal, resultant of the ToT patented Bruce Lee 1-inch Punch.
Fun episode! Miss seeing your videos more often, but just makes me appreciate the ones u put up that much more
Wait we as that finely or finally diced onions? It's like you are setting me up for failure.
"That is too loose..." That's what she said...  :)
Fun stuff! I feel inspired to run out to the shop and try to actually accomplish something with my cheap tools but it will have to wait until 2023 ^^
6:41 I don't know why but that made me laugh so much
So glad to see this.  You've been making so few videos I was worried you wouldn't be making anything for Christmas.
I wonder how a double-hollow-ground screwdriver would do? I mean these screwdrivers are hollow ground so they won't cam out as easily, but they could still slide side to side. But what if there was a slight hollow grind going perpendicular to the first one so that the edges contacted forcing the screwdriver in opposite directions (forcing it to stay centered?)? I might be explaining this poorly, or just as likely it's a terrible idea
4:45 who cares?? I’ll tell you who: anyone with nice, expensive things they’d like to keep nice. *cough* firearm owners *cough*
I like to say that I'm "uniformly incompetent on a number of instruments..."
F**k yeah Old Tony is back!!!
Just an FYI, the link to Sam's channel is broken  :(
The bandaids got me... You are one of a kind ToT.
Oh thank goodness Tony is back, it must be a Christmas miracle!
Thank you (This Old) Tony, Merry Christmas Everyone !
Waking up this morning to see a new video posted by Tony really is one of the best Christmas gifts.
CHRISTMAS CAME EARLY, GREAT VIDEO TONY. HAPPY HOLIDAYS ALL;;;;;;;;;;;;;; TONY MAKE ME A CAP LOCK BUTTON PLEASE THANKS.......
New TOT video? Argentina gets the Football World Championship? No way this is just chance...i believe ...thxz Tony 😭
Where have you been?!! Needed my fix.
"I couldn't sleep with myself" what? 🤣🤣🤣
The 3D etch-a-sketch CAM is only recommended for advanced CNC operators! 🙂
Philadelphia
It's been so long that I forget the details, but those gunsmithing drivers have the flat shank apparently for torque/torsion reasons. A lot of screws in guns are delicate relative to the force they have to produce and withstand, so there's not a lot of room for error. They're high-precision, low-threshold. If I remember correctly, the screws are usually of a similar metal as the hole to resist corrosion, so there's no "give" (I forget the term at the moment) in the screws. The flat shank drivers allow you to feel when they're at the right torque, as the shank will flex in a more noticeable way than other shank styles.   Anyway, Awesome video so far! Just had to drop in and add my two cents.
24tpi is more than 7x 3tpi 🤣
✨✨🎄🎀✨🎁♥🎅🌟
The link to Sam;'s channel in your comments gives a 404 error :( Off to Becky's Love you videos!
A good tip to reduce noise while cutting sheet metal on a bandsaw is to use a laser.  Your welcome.
I loved seeing the calibrated hardness files. That is a tool I did not know about before. Thanks Tony!
I imagine that design is probably super old because it's just flat.
holy shit a vid
As always- Tony as an electrician- I’ve learned something new from you on screws and their drivers. And entertainment for the sanity of these trying times.
" I need your clothes , your boots and your whee-lo "
We need more content from you, Tony.
Whoohoo, it’s TOT time again! Thanks man, and happy holidays!
thx tony glad your back
The circle is broken! Please link to her video at the end. https://youtu.be/oSOHVC9of2w?list=PLBsfTOjKcQe9Kw8hLmO8mmNIpraOUF-c7
Toys for TOT. :
There you've got it! Now I have screwdriver envie too...
The detail, the design. Love it! What a gift. Just off to ask Sam about his hollow ground screwdrivers. -Ruth & Shawn
It’s not a circle until ToT is there to complete it. Hope you and family are well, good to get a holiday gift of your content... Take Care and don’t let the metal slivers bite.
Merry Christmas Tony.
Tanks Tiss Told Tony!!!! 🎄
The is nothing that evokes the Christmas spirit quite like a screw driver :) Happy Holidays Tony
"onions"
tony i thought your heat treat oven had an argon flood? still has decarb problems?
You realize you made fully conductive screwdrivers for an electrician.
I have Grandfather Fridtjof's hallowed ground screwdriver. Story goes he forged it from an iron meteorite found not far from Dividalen. I'm proud to have it as I know Sam will be proud to have ToTs.
I just checked your channel yesterday to see if there were any videos I had missed. So happy to see a new video from you. Thanks for the wonderful content.
Yay!!! He's back.
"and finally diced onions", that looks a lot like garlic I have to say
The bandaids had me giggling so much I missed the bandsaw tips.
I cried when I saw your notification. Missed you This Old Tony ❤️ Also you need a CNC Mallet.
Where I work we have a variable tooth count blade in our band saw. Saves having to change it out for different materials.
Theres a knife made from that exact steel (böhler n690) on my desk right now. Got to experience the manufacturing process of that guy a couple years ago, its one of my most prized posessions. we just put it in a standard heat treating oven without the envelope, i actually left some of the scale on it for aesthetics sake. I forget how we quenched the things, i dont think i remember them being plate quenched though. Still came out dead straight though.
Respect 🫡  Thanks man. I hope to have my own shop soon. Thanks for putting these on YouTube. Best life man.
I could send you some walnut wood if you need it for anything
Add inheritance machining to secret santa series😁🤘🤘  https://youtube.com/@InheritanceMachining
Enjoyed !!
nice
The man, this old tony is back
"one screw-up at a time" the funniest pun  ever! And this old tools.  Its good to be able to laugh deeply and long to good jokes. Merry Christmas TOT!
Is n690/440c a good choice with its large chromium carbides? Thought you would use o1 or if you wanted stainless aebl.
30K views in the first hour because everybody's hungry for the T!
The band-aids popping up on your hands after talking about changing the bandsaw blade had me laughing hard. Really wasn't expecting that
Wonderful video Tony I’ve missed you so much.
I was showing someone the grinding wheel dresser we have at work. It's mind-blowing what you can do with a surface grinder and the right fixtures/dressers. Do you have a setup for cylindrical grinding or do you normally just chuck it up in the lathe and use a tool post mounted grinder? Awesome video!
I've never noticed how many YouTube comments are spam. Lots of them here
Dear Santa, All I want for Christmas is more videos from This Old Tony. Amen!
You made Sam a paint can opener and a pry bar!  How nice!
as a hobby gunsmith im a big fan of hollow ground screwdrivers
I was waiting for you to put the screwdrivers you just made into the roll and send off some store-bought drivers lol.
Brought back memories of the "cheese head screw" popular with the British years ago.
Hol(l)y Shit, he is still alive!!!
I thought eggnog was the xmas drink?
Merry Christmas Tony
yay! ToT! missed ya bud! glad your ok!!
I can almost hear it:  Ho-Ho-HOLY shi*, those are sharp!
Missed you man!
Tony's back!
No pressure Tony but we do miss TOT.  Merry Christmas!
I think Sam would be an awesome wife.
"... wood, plastic, people..." 😂. That was my favourite little quip, but as always as ever, I am thoroughly entertained, wholly impressed, and have also gained some knowingledge I didn't have before 👉👉👉. Thanks Mr. Tony 🙏🙏🙏. Merry Christmas to you and the clan, and don't leave it so long next time, okay? We miss you in this time period 😉. 😎
At last a real christmas gift ToT videos are the best <3 happy holidays Tony and fam.
I have one of these screwdrivers and it came in a black and decker tool set of all things. works really well to open paint cans.
Have a very merry Xmas TOT!!!!!!!!!!!!
Dear This Old Tony, Where on God's Green Earth have you been? Wherever you were, I hope that you are doing well. Still looking very forward to your videos. Merry Christmas!
Showing -12º Celsius while measuring the 10º angle... It's the little things hahahahaha
I look foward to this build all year!!! Awesome work
That's some mean milling machine action on them wooden handles hehe made me chuckle. Really nice gift though.
"Changing blades isn't difficult"  Cuts to him with 5 new suspicious band-aids 🤔
So good to see you here again.  Merry Christmas to you and yours.
There are some days where you feel like something is lacking, but then when you get a This Old Tony video, that feeling goes away.
Oh wow, I remember those toys.
It's good to see you Tony I thought you actually quit YouTube hopefully see you again soon
what's that fancy ruler do? and where do I buy one?
you should have made new screws for the thing in torx (tm)
11:00 I damn near choked on my coffee! (You win this time!) Keep up the great work, you rock!
It is so good to "see" you, once again. Not sure what you've done with the kids and the cats, but at least you're back out in the shop and feeding our addiction for all things Tony. PLEASE, don't make us wait for another Exciting Episode 'til next Christmas when your Secret Santa duties empower you to show us what you've thunk up! 😃
I suspect design is about as old as screws, much easier to hand forge that flat part than the modern screwdriver profile.
Thank you for the proof of life
It's that time of year!
Not sure about those wire stripper finger slicers! 😆
I recall my old shop instructor’s rule of thumb was that you should have a minimum of two teeth in the work at once. That always made sense to sort of keep the cutting force consistent. I don’t remember a maximum rule though the fact that it was painfully slow when you have too high a TPI makes it painfully obvious if you need to swap the blade.
What a great set of screwdrivers!
Tony, the link to Sam's channel looks to be broken, it should be https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCafxR2HWJRmMfSdyZXvZMTw
Fun fact 24 is 8 times 3
Finally.  We've waited so long
This old Tony is back? It really is a Christmas miracle!
All I want for xmas is regular TOT content in 2023. I miss these videos more than a grown man should .
Holy crap in my pants! Ol T, uploaded!  Starting to smell like xmas! 🎉
the king had returned
Phony. Snow flakes never have more than six sides😱😈.
comparing images from you benchtop and wear on hands by running them trough highly confidential cia AI anlyzing software (dont tell em) makes me believe with confidence you worked on 8 projects since the last video and havent edited the footage yet, 2023 gonna be great
The onions were a nice touch.
Didn't you fit argon to the heat treat oven?
Glad you had a good time with stainless, just had a first lesson in just how razor sharp the chips can be from some 303 stainless... but hey i got my cge dovetail mount for my equitorial astrophotography mount done!!! Lol...
I've noticed your hands are shaking a bit. Too much coffee or MAYBE not enough magnesium and zinc in your diet? Works for me, calms my nerves
Man, we miss you so much
Lol at twisting the knobs at 22:45, great video, thanks.
.... i was parched, famished, you know, bored. then the conspiratorial cabal of youtubers known as "secret santa's" forced tony out into the open.
11:23 lmao 😂
I was just thinking yesterday that it's been a while since we've seen a fresh This Old Tony.
Poor Sam, his link is broke in the description. https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCafxR2HWJRmMfSdyZXvZMTw
I need some hollow ground screwdrivers for my guitars. They all use old-style slotted head screws and most are deformed from tapered screwdrivers.
14:55 🤨
Thank you, Tony.  Your videos are always a treat, and I actually learn stuff. Not having a shop, I may never use any of that knowledge (except trigo...e.....y errr ummm shop math), but you never know.  Happy holidays.
Your onions look like garlic. Funny
Tony, I'd like to see your take on building an inexpensive fully functional custom 3d printer.
If you're not seasoning your stainless with garlic, you're missing out.
9:34 missed opportunity
Oh no, i accidentally learned something.
Just hammer the screwdriver in.
Christmas came early!
Great to see you again 🎉
Yeah it’s an early Christmas present 🎁 from ToT🎉🎉🎉 and I’m not waiting until Christmas to open it😊
16:29, that is garlic, not onion. Seething in seared, locked-in flavor confusion over here; which one was it, TOT?!?!?
Eh, Komputer with K ist fein.
Hot damn, Tony's back!
Think you carried the typo theme on for the link to LMNC in the video description...
Finally! I've been waiting for... well... anything to be honest :) Thank you for this early Christmas gift.
Merry Christmas, tony to you and your family.   I always enjoy your videos.  Great content as always.
Tony, your pesto is missing cilantro.
It a Christmas miracle
You still got it Old Tony
"F the Football Match, This Old Tony just uploaded"
Just got done watching.  As soon as I saw the video, I cued it up, hit pause, and made some chocolate croissants to enjoy while the video kept getting more and more able to screw things up ... or down.  I assume the screwdrivers will work in any orientation.
Yaaayy Tony! I'm so glad you like your gift! Thank you so much for the generous channel plug. Happy holidays.
Link to Sam's channel in the description is borked!  Hollow ground screwdrivers are way underrated. If you find yourself cursing and struggling because you can't get good torque on your slotted screwdrivers without asking your wife to help, you should probably be investing in a set.
Ugggg..  sam doesn't have his video up yet. :(
Merry Christmas Tony.
This, in combination with the other makers is one of the most wholesome series on Youtube ever year, I love it! Looking forward to watching the other videos.
Happy Christmas TOT!
THANKS FOR THE SCREWDRIVERS TONY. I can't promise I won't mess up any more screw heads but I'll try 😂
Wow, Tony. The bots are fast and they seem to be getting smarter. They're leaving actual comments, but they have the same banner photo on their channel and the same video.
I was wondering if you'd make a secret Santa video this year.
A very important step in the heat treating process is the herbal tea! Seasonal felicitations This old Tony
"It been a year "
THIS OLD TONY AND FAMILY,  MERRY CHRISTMAS AND HAPPY NEW YEAR,  FROM ARKANSAS...GREAT VIDEO...
Holy nite, an upload.
I would do anything for a set of those screwdrivers
OMG! There IS a Santa Claus!!!  TOT IS BACK! Ho,Ho, Ho!!
Nice to hear from you again. Keep well & best wishes to you and your loved one's.
Comic sans?
Sam's link is broke. Good to see you Tony!
This old Tony is the reason why I'm surviving
Those are pretty sweet, Tony. I have some A2 steel that seems like a good candidate for a set I can make for my brother next year. Does anyone think that would be a good material for it? Suggestions are welcome.
Man we are dying to see new content from you. Really, no channel can take your place for me, no one produces the type of content that you do.
This is again the highlight of the new best part of Christmas, thanks ToT, now to watch the rest of ‘em
What an inspired gift for Sam!   Love the comedic timing in your videos always!
There are channels that I see posted a new content and I react “cool, I’ll have to watch that later”. ToT posts and I immediately rearrange my schedule to watch it as soon as I can. It’s like a great movie you were excited to be released in the theater. The world needs more Tony
Merry Christmas! Welcome back, hope all is well in "this old tony"-ville.
Out of all the secret Santa videos, yours is both the best video and the best gift IMHO!
So good to see you back That old Tony! Here’s to a happy holiday for you and yours!, and a 2023 filled ToT videos for us!??! Side note, had to come back and edit this. Friggin brilliant detective work. The fact that you put thought into a gift that is genuinely needed by the individual, and fills a unique need in their life just highlights why you’re so special, and why we all love you so much.
It’s a Christmas miracle! ToT uploaded a video!!!!
Wow your alive. Please make any video.
Happy holidays Mr. Tony! Edit: The link to Sam's channel doesn't work, here it is:  www.youtube.com/@LOOKMUMNOCOMPUTER/videos
11:01 Tony, you have to be strong now:  band saw blades are meant to be changed while the saw is *_not_** running.*
Man !! Ur video came like one of the best gift this Christmas !! Wish u all the best for the new year !!
Was looking at your channel yesterday thinking about when the Christmas video would come.
Hi This Old Tony, good to see you're still making videos. I've been enjoying your videos, and spiraled out into watching many other great makers because of you. I don't make things, but there's something cathartic about watching other people work and create things and hurt themselves on saw blades. Merry Christmas. Santa died for our sins. PS. make more videos again plz. Your IRL family get to see you everyday. We're your family too... All of these really sexy Youtube girls below me in bikinis apparently are your family too. ?
The most impressive thing about Sam is that he records, edits and uploads videos to YouTube with nothing but a rotary encoder and a tesla coil
Kool.
Good to see you again ToT! I've been hoping to see something new from you!
Nice one TOT n a Merry one to ye! TFS, GB :)
MORE VIDEOS!!! WE need you
The Onion in that picture were garlic. Unacceptable!
Yes yes yes yes!!!!!   I comment to help statistics
Missed you TOT!  have a great holiday.
He's alive!
Thanks Santa for bring us TOT!
I’ve been checking every day for this video!
It’s a Christmas miracle thank you
I love these Christmas gift exchanges. You need to get Elon Musk in the loop next year to really up the game a little 😁 Happy Holidays everyone 🥳💐🌷
Nice!
Ha ha ha... the plasters on the fingers...!!  ToT... I know life is busy... but we all miss you! Happy xmas to you and your family! Looking forward to the next vid.
Thanks ToT... missed ya!
Thank you for sharing some fun in the shop with us ❤
He's back!  <Happy Dance>
Tony I cannot emphasize how much I love your videos.
Merry Xmas Tony, great to see you again.
Good stuff
Happy holidays ToT, best of the season to you and yours!
What a great present! A new TOT video.
Thats the perfect present. Happy new year. Lets hope for more videos.
link broken for sam?
Hey Tony ! Have a very merry ch..
It's a Christmas miracle!
@9:25 I live 6 km from Böhlerwerk, which is named after the original Böhler factory founded in 1872 and they still have facilities here.
Funny, that scream when you had a knock at the door is the same noise I made when I got a notification for a new TOT upload!
Oh… he’s bartending… oh wait. He’s channeling Handtool Rescue…
few things brighten my day like a video from This Old Tony.
Could not click fast enough!
OH! The infamous HALLOWED GROUND SCREWDRIVER. One cannot assemble the Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch without it...
Merry Christmas Tony, Now to watch the others.
Made my day when I thought I hadn’t seen a video in a while
I've no respect for people that use Slotted, Phillips/Pozidrive, or Square/Robertson heads in any facet.    I carry hardened steel bits of those sizes everywhere I go. If I see one of them anywhere in use... I strip it!!!    So bahhh humbugggg to your gift!!   Stop perpetuating the insanity and archaic ideals from the days of yore!!!!    #TorxFTW #HexFTW
What a treat!
🫒 wood? For the scales?
Late Night Modem Crew? Tigers Over Toddlers '22?  What is all this malarkey?
Good thing Sam’s left handed eh?
I'm 6 minutes in and life calls ah I will be back asap!!!
I have those Gerrit ones. They are a little soft.
its being a while tony, i missed your videos
No ragrets!
"I cheat so much I've lost context." Gold Star
I couldn’t have asked for a better Christmas present.
'tis arrived, the annual reason to make something you otherwise wouldnt personally want, but the process of making it seems fun so you wanna do it anyway. good good
Tony, you're brilliant. I would have gone with a flute made from a steel round.
Yay a this old Tony video! Made my day
I’m going to gift wrap my phone and put it under the tree so on Xmas morning I can watch This Old Tony whilst everyone else opens their crappy presents, Cheers Tony your the best 👍
Do you know, what I wish for this Christmas? More TOT uploads.
Thank you for uploading 🥺
I've only seen a couple of LookMumNoComputer's video's a couple of times, but I hope you checked your list twice.
16:29 that's some strange oignons. very nice video 👍
No, no 3 is not less than 7 times more than 24 :P. Yes I realise you only said that as a joke and to encourage people to write comments but I was going to write a comment anyway and to be honest it wasn't very polite so we both win in a strange way.
Yesssss what a way to start my Sunday!!!!
@HandToolRescue makes some awesome screwdrivers and old school wrenches that you may like as well :)
Early Christmas?!!  You shouldn't have!  No, really, you shouldn't have...
I love the challenge every one of you guys has to face of building something for other makers because they more than likely can make the gift you made them ;p and maybe even in a better way
Thank GOD he is back!!!! Oh man!!! I have been looking forward to a new video!! Gonna jump in the shower, call it a day and then watch this :)
Hey TOT, good to see you, best of the season to you and yours.
👍
Cus we dont see you often I always imagine you look like Ray off 'everybody loves Raymond'  sound exactly like him 😄
Finally you are back 😀
Finally!!!
a tony video! this mades a tough day easier. thanks tony.
i've missed you
Tony a good tip on cutting sheet metal on a bandsaw quietly is to put a thin piece of wood under the sheet metal and cut through both at the same time the wood will absorb the vibrations and greatly reduce the noise especially the high pitch ones. Also reduces burrs on the underside of the cut
Well holy hell all is good with the world think fucking god Tony you have no idea how much you are needed in today's world fuck I needed this morning time to pause everything grab another cup of coffee and watch the master
I'm not a fan of Christmas, but if this is what it takes to get a taste of ToT, I'm in.
This old Tony?  I thought he was dead.
He is alive. T.O.T. has a new video finally. I  have been wondering what happened.
Good to see a notification from This Old Tony!
Merry Christmas ToT!
Early Christmas..starting to have withdrawal
Oh hey!
Ahhh the best gift anyone could give, a TOT video.
Thank God Guam has the Internet now. That's the real gift that keeps on giving.
Merry Christmas This Old Tony
He’s back 😍😍😍❤️❤️
cool, cu next year ;)
I was worried about ya!!! Just thinkin the other day, "man, I hope TOT is ok..."
About time Tony.
Thank you. My whole family is ill, I just needed something pleasing for my soul.
I'm a simple man, Old Tony puts a video out and I like it.
Thanks for the video TOT, glad to see you again
The messiah has returned!!!!
You’re back!
Tonyyyy, yea, at last some news from you. Good to see you again, well your hands at least. :)
Thank God withdrawal from tot almost claimed me
There is a Santa! Just thinking about you and watching some older vids. Merry Christmas Tony to you and your family.
All best machinist watch tot. Congrats
Screwdrivers on Christmas morning are a great way to start the day
Finally! It's been a long time!
What a Christmas gift! A TOT video!
Finaly! I was wishing for secret santa video from TOT. And now it came true 😁 You really insipre me with your aproach to custom bults. Why go to the store and buy something, if you could just build it on your own, and ofcourse learn something in the proces.  Happy holydays TOT! 🥳
Merry Christmas Sir!
Yes, a TOT video!  🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿
Truly a Christmas gift, a ColinFurze video and a This old Tony video. Thank you.
Merry Christmas to all of us! ToT uploaded 🙌❤️
Holy shit 😳 he's back ❤️
We've missed seeing you TOT, you should check in more often man
I thought this was going to be a hyper realistic cake.
Merry Christmas and blessings to you and your family Tony.
WOOT!
You have posted this 3 minutes ago, and it already has 57 comments. Looks like I'm not the only one who are looking forward to your videos.
Damn I missed ya
Hey, a This Old Tony video. The rent must have been due.
You're alive!! I thought maybe some jealous woman shot ya....
We get a ToT video for Xmas it's a dream come true!
👍👍
Dammit. Finish watching the World Cup, or switch to a (finally) new TOT upload??? Argh.
Welcome back, and Merry Christmas!
Oh.. How nice to receive a Christmas present from Tony like this on a Sunday evening. A new video to watch during the evening. Greetings from Sweden 🇸🇪
FIX IT AGAIN TONY
happy new year and Merry Christmas from Russia!🎄
Happy holidays that old Tony
Been waiting, and here it is. You're great Old Tony.
Look who's back! 😁🤩 your videos are always a gift for me. Merry Christmas Tony!
Merry Christmas to you and yours Tony! 🎄
Yay Tony is back!
TOT!!!!! Best Christmas gift this year!.. yes, it's the first, but still..
Merry Christmas Tony! Hope you and your family are doing well :)
This Old Tony, miss you so much!
Oh how I've missed you Old Tony! Thank you in advance for your wonderful content
My boy is back!!
Finally as I have waited :⁠-⁠)
We missed you!!!! Welcome back!
I was not expecting screwdriver content this early in the morning. Thanks Tony!
Merry Christmas!!!
I was only thinking of TOT yesterday hoping he’d upload another great vid.
Dame i mis you why you take so long to gave us this buty From iraq ♥️
It truly is a Christmas miracle when This old Tony puts out a video
How's the Z axis holding up?
Best part of Christmas is the annual TOT video.
Yasss... this is Christmas gift that we need though not the Christmas gift that we may deserve!!! 😅😬😛  Thank you, Tony! You're missed!
Love the Tap Wrench Appreciation Day celebrations!
First, watching Argentina winning over France at World Cup!
wow look who's there.....we tought your were lost I time with the  travel lathe....welcome back!!!
TONY! Missed you brother! Merry Christmas 🎄🎁
“Wake up Babe, This Old Tony uploaded”
Tony! Happy holiday season
Merry Xmas!
First comment 😃😃
I was just noticing it's been a while since an Old Tony video.  Glad to see you are still doing this.
Always a good christmas with a good ol' ToT
Im already here ... love your vids ❤️
Merry Christmas all!
Christmas ToT!!!!!
Where have you been, I was waiting for this video for almost a year!
Been waiting for a video 😀
I've missed you tot! So glad your back
I was beginning to think you'd retired...
He’s back!
Yes, I'm so prepared to screw my self this Christmas
Woohoo!!! A new tot just dropped!!
Merry Christmas, ToT!
Härligt
I’ve been waiting for more TOT!!
Welcome back Tony. Happy Christmas
Yaaay!!!
Wwwhhhaaaaaaaaat?
YAY!
Yes mate!
First! damn... 3rd lol
First
Omg Christmas came early!
