12 months later...
This didnt age well
Nobody want to look bad, looking bad should make you do better.
Brain  Danielson switching to AEW and Punk also go AEW.  I  got one word YES YES YES
Why is Johnny Sins talking about wrestling
They're not a competition so no
Cm punk ill believe it when I see it , hell if punk and Bryan debut will be the biggest debut since AJ debuted in wwe royal rumble 2016
Wow Jhonny sins new channel
We'll see if Punk can fit in an AEW appearance in Chicago on the same day that he's doing work for his movie Heels in Chicago.
I am already a huge fan of aew since the start and punk and Bryan will be disaster for Vince
Aka Johny sins
That thumbnail looked so damn real for a second.
I wonder where all the money wwe got from the NBC deal, to many hire up with there hands out, that's why wwe is going under, aew is new And is going to take over
This is jony sins😁
You look like Johnny 🤣
Starting with jonny sin 🤣
dying for punk return
Who watched this video to see CM and Daniel fo to AEW
Your lock like jony sins
"CCM Pug"? These closed caption need fixing 😆
If/when it Happens, I want an Homage to Hall's WCW debut;  Bryan to enter through the crowd in a Vegan 'Drip Suit' (inverse of Hall's Denim Ensemble) and Quote "You know who I am..." with that 'smirk' and then proceed to just sit down, no further comment, no involvement  and just watch the show, leaving his real intent/alignment to fester for another week
ONE QUESTION. Let's say CM Punk really does want to make a comeback and he picks AEW to do so. Why would they ever in any case make that public ? If I was Punk and AEW I would want to make that as secreative as possible. No adds,not news,no leaks...NOTHING. Then on some random AEW night,not even a PPV CM Punk's music kicks and he walks out... Imagine that. If you want to change the buisness do something fresh. Let the social media completly blow up.  Create a REAL surprise.  Promotions like to advertise these things in advance becasue they want people to watch it that night and get huge ratings but that's not the best long-term solution.  You want to create THE MOMENT and SHOCK people. Imagine the reaction ? It would maybe be the biggest pop in the history of pro wrestling. Keyfabe is dead but let's at least try to make things special this way. Then I wouldn't have him on TV for a month only for him to show up 1 night before the PPV. The PPV buys would be insane. And make him lose on that PPV. Have one of your best PPV stars beat him when he's the hotest thing in pro wrestling. Now you have two MEGA STARS.
Johny sins
Simon, you rock bro!
People only want to see punk and bryan.....❤❤
Now bray Wyatt
Simon Miller finally says "shit"!
If Punk comes back, he probably seldom actually wrestles
WWE in big trouble here ngl. All that over paying for old talent cause they can’t build their own is catching up on them. I’d not be shocked to see Balor, Styles, Edge and others to follow the way
Bryan , Punk , Wyatt ...... AEW ... Regardless of what Vincent Kennedy McMahon says it f these three wrestlers are truly going to be AEW then WWE may have a problem .
WWE dropped the ball on both these guys, AEW can now give WWE a run 4 there money
CM punk CM punk CM punk CM punk CM punk
"Goldberg"? 🤔 Don't you mean "My Dad"?
Mr. Sins is that you?
Until it actually happens, this is all rumours.
If this does happen then Punk V omega would be amazing!
AEW needs a talent genius like a CM Punk to fundamentally change and evolve their product to the next level.
Nakamura should go to AEW if WWE won't give him the WWE championship he deserves.
This man looks like johny sins🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣lol
And now have bray Wyatt in 90 days... jesus...
😴🙏🏽
As a WCW fan mainly from 1998-2001 your videos and presenting style may legit just peak my interest again
Aew won’t survive for long if they don’t develop characters like wwe Vince is a genius they can take all these washed out wwe stars out of desperation
All this really tells you is Kenny Omega isnt the "best in the world" and cant carry the company. My biggest question if they sign Punk is who does he fued with? Hes a better worker and promo than Omega. They should just do Punk like the NWA did Flair and make him champion forever. Punk would have had way better storylines going back to WWE. This is just gonna be a bunch of bullshit because nobody on their roster works like Punk. Not even Jericho anymore.
Aew I still a crap product that barley beat a devolment league.
Huge punk fan , put me off wwe when he left. Really hope to see him in the ring again
I'm totally fine with career development but wwe is a morally bankrupt load of garbage I don't plan to watch ever again.
There's no way that Punk doesn't debut in Chicago.
Two 40 year olds who are one match away from ending in a wheelchair.
There's more rumors then mean jeans hotline from 92
AEW where the has beens, Go Daniel Cryin' and CM Skunk! Is more like it!
Johnny sins is wrestling fan.
I hope Brian and punk do go to aew I'm sure they'll be able to do a lot for that show there's several people in aw that needs to be let go because they're crap those two will help make things a lot better they're still a young company so they can only go up it takes time to iron out The kinks as they say
nope, can't do two ads two minutes into the content, this is getting silly
Its 10 days trp for aew ,they comes back one ppv and that's it craze over now what's next
I can't do it, I CANNOT watch him continually wave his arms around like idk what but never again will I watch a video that he appears in as opposed to narrating...
WWE is dead. Move to another channel
Wwe is ower am not sad dey made it in some wey 😄
Im like AEW more and more.
You look jhony sins
*Daniel Bryan's first shock promo will be divorcing his revolting, gold digger, reality show, sociopath wife LIVE on Dynamite haha*
😂😂😂Friend coming back from Australia after 47 years!🤣🤣🤣
*And they BOTH should put Kenny Omega over!*
Wow I'm a huge wrestling fan but looking at these comments makes me not want to be. I don't want to be associated with any of this..
I am a lapsed fan. i have not watched it in many years.
I'll be impressed if they manage to get batista but until then its just ok and nothing else
Game changer?  Lol.
😔🤞🙏
As a person who hasn't sat down and watched wrestling in years, but keeps up with the news on it, CM Punk and Daniel Bryan would be enough for me to get back into wrestling and become a regular viewer of AEW over WWE.
John cena...
I remember cm punk won the WWE title then left I was a massive Cena head and and I still like him but it was cm punk's time I didn't realize it and Cena has just gotten old
Bout to have a new champ a quality champ
Hey now!  I’ve known about Britt Baker for almost 10 years!
Punk maybe as a vendetta against McMahon.
As long as Hogan & Bishof and them  don't come over to bury it
No way
Stupid botches that cause stupid injuries. Tony should open a private healthcare clinic for his roster and offer the insurance for it through their contracts so it’s free and he can be yet again be praised for being a nice guy. AEW will be gone within ten years at the longest
How is CM punk a coup? He hasn't wrestled in years. Now DB is a coup, still active still good.
CM Punk Vs Moxley a match I like too see.
I quit watching wrestling just after the CM Punk legacy. I mean it took years to get the taste of John Cena penis out my mouth after he beat mysterio the next night thats the day WWE died to me haven't watch an episode since
All out is the best time for punk to debut coz it's in Chicago Illinois 🔥🔥
100% people can't like two things 😂
Ok let's be "honest" Daniel Bryan is "washed up" and has not "impressed" many of his fans ever since he signed with wwe. This guy was once the "best" wrestler on the planet! He "never" captured the nwa world title so why should we care?😠
Yes because AEW becoming stuffed with majority ex-WWE talent is such a "good" thing for it as a company & its long-term future....  That was sarcasm above just fyi.
Punk coming back is a short time pop if they screw up his booking like with Miro. Bryan will be the true measuring stick. But how often will either wrestle? 4 times a year?
Aug 2 Chicago Illinois WWE RAW
Well, That's great and all, but how long is AEW's show now? Even then, putting Bryan and Punk back on would be sweet but there are other wrestlers out there who want screen time. So eventually, someone from AEW is gonna leave for WWE. Just a matter of time.
Nothing has happened so this story is totally false.
Lol. AEW keeps getting "game changers" and dumping them into trash bin. It's so obvious now.
wow everybody watching this is a fking mark. peace.
Enjoy the Punk drama AEW and I'm from chi he's a prick
I DON'T/DIDN'T  EVER CARE FOR CAWK 🐒 PUNK AND I WONT EVEN GO INTO BRIAN DANIELSON...
what if they do a champion vs champion match.  neither side will agree to losing
Aj Styles needs to leave wwe and go to AEW .
The cm punk rumor  is fake he's   currently  talking with wwe on making  a return
Except no one wants to see Goldberg
I tried to hit mute on this video, but I couldn't catch up with British Eric Young's hands.
AEW has given me basically everything i wanted and used to enjoy from WWE flagship. But thank God for NXT being there to fill the need
Daniel Ryan? LMFAOOOO   Brian DANIELSON you mean?
dell rio at a e w
Stop being a loyal wwe fan and just be loyal wrestling fan! It’s not that hard
Bryan made a name for him WAY before wwe and especially in the indies. I think he might go to aew because they work with njpw. A company that Bryan use to work for
Love seeing Simon Back!
He's looking more like Johnny Sinns 😂😂😂😂
You talk to much shoooshdoosh nobody drinks tea dooosh only Grandma
DDP vs Jericho at the next AEW PPV where Jericho goes over clean... in 5 minutes or less 🤔🥲😃👍...
Shut up doosh 😃
Nice to see that Jhonny Sins is also a big fan of wrestling.
When it comes to CM Punk and Daniel Bryan I wish all “wrestling journalists” would just let things happen instead of the obvious click baits. Let things play out THEN report. Starting to become annoying.
Bryant and Punk both suck
Now I want a heel to come out to Cult of Personality in Chicago just to troll us
Simon Miller, for Spontaneous Human Combustion, 2021
Did the presenter get challenged off screen to see how much he could flail his arms while on screen? Well..congrats. You won
Roman reigns vs the rock
After 1 year  Aj styles to aew confirmed
if PUNK show sup everyone go crazy same  with daniel
I hate WhatCulture... but I love Simon Miller God dammit
I want to watch AEW but I don't have cable.
CM punk isn’t really a draw though.  i can’t wait to say I told ya so.
Simón Miller is a bald head wrestling treasure 💎  🤼  💍
I watch all wrestling
Why is Johnny Sins talking about wrestling?
SOOOOOO HOW IS CM PUNK AND COLT CABANA GOING TO WORK IN AEW.😳😳😳
AEW should not turn into retirement home.
Why the hell did u think you saw the biggest pops EVER when the Rock came back and took the piss out of Cena and co?? See the pop when Rock beat Cena at wrestlemania??? It’s not rocket science. Go back to aggression era mode and those guys like rock Triple h etc wouldn’t NEED to come back every year to put a bandage around a dying industry
Don't really care about Daniel Bryan or cm punk but if it helps AEW take down WWE I'm in.
Let's just see if certain people can do j.o.b.s. I'm not talking about Bryan and punk.
Wrestling is nowhere near the levels it was in the 70s 80s and 90s and never will be. For the love of god it’s wrestling!!! Quit saying wrestling entertainment!!!! That’s what has ruined wrestling not enough god damn wrestling!!!
CM punkbitch is a joke after his failed UFC try and Daniel is cheesy
Lol it's so funny. All these people marking out for CM Punk are the same people who were pissing all over him through his UFC venture. Hypocrites.
Why can’t you get booked in AEW, you got 2mil followers. I bet the pop would be insane if you surprise walked through the tunnel.
I feel the same way
Daniel Bryan is confirmed, CM Punk is just a rumour at this point
If punk comes back, me as a lost fan comes back
Nothing about CMPunk excites me, he always has performed like a kid that doesn't know the buttons playing a wwf game
I started watching AEW last fall after not watching anything since early 2000s. So glad that I did. Really hope to see AEW grow their brand and really embrace the cross-promotion angles that Vince's ego would never permit and frankly ruined the WCW invasion angle. I don't need to know who the competitor is before they show up, but if they put on a great performance and they tell good stories, then they'll get my appreciation.
Haven’t watched WWE for probably two years now, AEW lost me pretty early on as well. If this is true, I’ll be watching.
Hi
I'm happy for Daniel son but I could care less about cM PUNK
Can't wait for AEW to purchase WWE
Maybe if WWE treated some of their wrestlers right then maybe they wouldn't run to another company or to the big screen in Hollywood of movies
Got my ticket for the NY show. Cannot wait
Similar to how WCW bought hulk hogan and Randy savage
I can believe Bryan danielson but phil....ill believe when I see it.
As a lapsed fan, Id be in on the PPV for punk.
Have never watched AEW but if they sign these two I will give it a go
Glad AEW is around and I hope they get better so WWE will be forced to do better then the crap they putting out now.
I'm going to say this now because I think its needs to be said. We all have to stop assuming this is going to happen. It probably is, but could you imagine the melt down if it fell apart and both Bryan and Punk ended up back in the WWE? lol Just wait on that excitement we know its real because idk about the rest of you, but we just came off a decade of wrestling disappointments based on expectations that did not get lived up to so I at least am choosing to remain hopeful but skeptical. lol
If this come true, all the dream matches we can have... We could have Omega, Page, Darby, Cage, Punk, Bryan, Miro, Archer, Mox, Guevara, Kingston, Jungle Boy, MJF, Black, Andrade, PAC, Jericho... I want to see everybody vs everybody!
Cm punk is worth much anymore
I remember when Hall and Nash signed with WCW... Pffttt
Punk and Bryan haven't signed. Why all these clip bait nonsense
Punk will still be good on the mic, but behind the hype is a past-his-prime guy who hasn't wrestled in a decade.
This is not even close to being a game changer. This will get a slight ratings bump but it won't stick. This isn't like the blunder WCW did with revealing Mick Foley winning the title. Also neither will stay win the company for long and you guys will be saying the same when WWE signs a big star from AEW.
These are the biggest news/rumors since rumors of aj styles going to wwe
I thought I saw Johnny Sins
WWE wasted so much talent and I’m glad Cody Rhodes and the talent he’s recruited/is recruiting is getting love over there at AEW! Guys like Rhodes, Punk, and Danielson deserve to shine as top guys in the business and I gave up watching because they were constantly being booked as jobbers or second tier to guys like Cena, HHH, and Lesnar who refuse to step aside and share the stage
Still won't be better than WWE🥱
AEW needs to stop acting like an indie promotion that has too much money and become the big production it was meant to be.  I don't know what it is. I shouldn't have to watch a match and tell myself, "I will overlook that terrible sloppy botch because it is AEW and not the WWE"  A lot of AEW wrestlers try and perform spots they do not have much experience in and the wrestlers lack refinement. And matches do come off as sloppy ... a lot of the time.  *I am not a negative Nancy. I want more than anything for AEW to succeed.
Now take these signings and times it by 20. And that is how it was every week in the 2nd half of the 90s
Living Color who sings Culture of Personality is following AEW on Twitter
THIS WILL MAKE WWE BETTER. THERE IS NO EXCUSE NOW FOR CRAPPY OR REPETITIVE STORYLINES THAT I CAN PREDICT DAY 1
CM Punk 2:14
The killer for the WWE is their sponsorship agreements. Those are what’s keeping them from having the storylines similar to the Attitude Era, and Ruthless Aggression Era.
The worst thing to happen to wrestling is when WWE purchased WCW and ECW. Competition breeds excellence.
Hangman is best wrestler of the decade
Aew....
.... if punk is back on AEW, i will throw out all wwe belongings
What gamechangers ? Both these guys were pretty bad
Who cares?
How do you know all this?
I hope its true
Keep your fucking arms still sir. It's like watching a video with sign language 😆
What a nice smedium shirt for an extra large guy.
I used to watch most wrestling, but I have given up due to the lack of decent story lines or matches. If AEW get punk and Bryan I’ll hop back on
More EX WWE wrestlers over to AEW, I think AEW is spending to much money on quick hypes. They’ll get a ratings boost, but then it’ll likely go back to normal after sometime. The thing is this isn’t the Wcw vs WWF days of wrestling, because these days people can just TiVo one program and watch the other.
That thumbnail is awesome
Could you PLEASE stop putting spoilers into your thumbnails?
Can't believe so many people are blind to the fact that wwe and aew are working together. WWE is just sending some of the big names to aew to help them and sending them people who want a lighter schedule.
Why does he move his hands a lot, kinda annoying
If the fans think CM Punk will first appear at All Out, then I worry they will chant his name the whole show until he does appear, ignoring the other matches on the card.
If these guys come back, i would finally watch wrestling again.
I thought I'm watching the wrong site. I thought it's Johnny Sins
Man jhonny sins!!
I can’t watch a single video with this bald idiots exaggerated hand movements and annoying Need to put himself in every video
Johnny sins as commentators😂😂😂😂😂
The spurious margaret resultantly remove because seaplane considerably cough astride a solid acknowledgment. aback, jagged time
Bryant has betrayed wwe
That Sting tank top tho!
Who else clicked this solely because of the thumbnail, expecting confirmation that both Punk and DB had actually signed for AEW?
Punk and Bryan have a contract that lets them have creative control over their characters.
Johny sins
Huge risk for both of them, in that their legacies could be tarnished by finishing up doing stupid comedy matches with the Cirque de Soleil artists at AEW. If Cody couldn’t get TK to try to be a decent wrestling promotion then I doubt these two can either. Such a shame.
Punk is an overrated egotistical little brat of a professional wrestler that can’t fight
Db n punk are both shit...aew sucks, wwe is garbage...sry boys...the late 90s are over...its all shit now
Do you think either one need the title right away to be peak effective or can them just being there be enough?
Hey Simon, I miss your segments with Jon but I still check both your vids. Stay safe man
Let's see how AEW books them....
Cm punk is not going to be the same guy he was people need to chill
I think people are overselling cm punk I honestly don't think people think he's as legit as he was with the whole making himself injured to get a lawsuit going thing
OK CM Punk and  Bryan coming to AEW will draw people for like what 2 months , the ratings will go up by maximum 500k people. What after that, After a year wrestling will have the same number as today, the problem is the creative process not the wrestlers, Its not a game changer just flavor of the month, after few weeks the ratings will go down thanks to the soft mentality of the fans and the pro wrestling people. Only the hardcore wrestling fans will be watching punk & bryan so I don't believe its a game changer , nothing punk & bryan can do that will rectify the downfall of the business in the last decade.
Not gonna lie. Attitude era fan. Watch retro vids on it. Discovered WhatCulture. Then retro up n downs lead 2 weekly ups n downs. All the sudden im in a simon miller rabit hole. Also competitive in mma since childhood n didnt know much about CM Punk. Now huge Punk fan and gonna watch AEW. Tried WWE but its so lame now. All biggest stars comeout to cringy rap music or butt rock dad metal then drop a kindergarten shit talk promo. TLDR he nailed my feelings exactly. Like completely crushed it.
This is not a game changer.  Danial Bryant and CM Punk are not popular enough to move that needle and it remains to be seen if they would actually be good for AEW.  Hulk Hogan going to WCW is an example of pulling off a game changing move.
could aew use cult of personality?
I saw the title and the entire time I was watching the video every time "why" was said I was just shouting "how". I want THAT explanation
I just hope these rumors turn out to be true.
I watched wrestling from 1982 to about....2014 or so. Slowly drifted away in the 2010s. AEW has caused me to come back. Great product, great roster. Not perfect, but worth 2 hours of my attention and a 50 buck PPV.
Simon! Where did you get that spiffy tank top?
Heheh, Simon said “do do’” again.
If Punk is really in shape, and he is really All Elite, he is a huge gamechanger. Same goes to DB (but for him, we know that he is still in shape). I am also interested to see, if Punk will do the Pepsi plunge outside WWE again.  If they would not be huge babyfaces upon debut, they would also make great last two labours for Jericho.
So when is Simon Signing with AEW :P
Still won't watch aew so...
I will believe it when I see it
True!! I still watch when Goldberg comes back on
Darby Allen is the poor mans jeff hardy
This isn’t a game changer the ratings will get a bump for like two weeks and then go back down, People acting like this is WCW landing big stars in the 90s when it ain’t even close 💀
Game changer? My god, you people need to pump the brakes. This is not WCW signing Hulk Hogan. One guy is at the end of his career and the other hasn't wrestled in seven years(and was a total failure in UFC). They're a temporary needle jumper. They're not long term and will be nothing but enhancement talent for Omega and the rest. Stop the bullshit.  They still won't touch WWE and won't move the needle with non wrestling fans. To clarify, I haven't watched WWE in 4 years,  so I'm not a WWE stan.
An style all the best restler
Those guys should get their money They won't change the product but if dude is giving you a small fortune might as well take it to work once a week.
Man, do we absolutely love the world of pro wrestling. The suspense of signings and returns and more. Wherever these two will land will be groundbreaking.
I want my mother in law to explode as well.
wow, this is HUGE
Honestly Punk seems more of a fit in AEW than Bryan, I'd rather see Bryan go to Japan, and be part of the NJPW/AEW talent exchange.
Skinny Mini Miller is funnnnnnaaay
Is this true how do I start watching AEW on streaming sites I dont have cale tv ?.
Literally haven’t watched wrestling in years. Haven’t even watched this channel in years. I saw the headline the Punk might be signing somewhere and I instantly rung the noti bell 😂
This definitely worked. I only tune into AEW very sparingly, despite knowing the product is usually really good. But I'm now going to watch every week for these 2 to show up
Me* YES YES YEE
AEW isn't on telly in Australia - that's the only reason I'm not watching.
Could you imagine a fatal 4 way match with Kenny Omega, CM Punk, Daniel Bryan, and Adam Page?
Simon lovin that STING shirt. Gots to get me one...
Just the thought got me excited, think of all the dream matches, Bryan is really good. And the promos by Punk.
As long as they don't bring em in & work half their matches vs former WWE guys I'm excited to see both in AEW. Ironically the only exWWE guys I'd like to see em go against is each other somewhere down the road. I would absolutely love to see those guys work with MJF, Darby, Sammy Guevara, Ethan Page, Jungle Boy eventually when Punk turns heel & of course Kenny because maybe those guys can bring out the best in Omega. Obviously Omega is talented and one of the best performers but for him to be a household name he's gotta wrestle household names here. Everything he did in Japan means nothing to people here that don't care about Japanese wrestling. A program with Punk could get people who don't really get Omega's character to finally buy into him. Jim Cornette won't but nobody could give that kinda rub to Kenny. Just don't give me Bryan/Punk vs Moxley/Jericho/Christian/Miro/Hardy even his Family/Cody as cool as it could be/PAC etc **Edit** Actually I would like to see M Black vs Punk though so I stand corrected there. That could be an amazing all-time epic kind of feud if they both wanted it. Just tread lightly with matching up too often vs guys they crossed paths with or shared TV shows with in WWE
AEW and WWE partnership would be great for business. Survivor series AEW vs WWE
God, could you imagine CM Punk and MJF against each other.  THAT would be something real interesting in my opinion.
Nice thumbnail
Main reason I don't watch Pro Wrestling: What streaming service is AEW on?
😂😂😂😂😂
AEW is now TNA, ie where old wwe  guys go when the wwe is done w/them. congrats instead of bringing new japan to America, you brought, wwe 2.0
Trending #21 good for you guys
I'm not a Bryan or Punk fan but I hope this is true. Two huge names going to a still fairly new company would draw a lot of attention from fans. Hopefully it forces WWE to step up their game and make a halfway decent show every week.
Wwe the best
if the speculation got on trending. Imagine the actual thing
2 40 something wrestlers are game changer? A big pop, sure. Game changer would be bringing back the 80% of fans that stopped watching wrestling. Not the same 1 million viewers going crazy for everything they feed them. And besides, Aew have the worst booker ever. It's a mess. How many more wrestlers do they need? This is worst than WCW
This is truly gonna be the start of the Ratings War with WWE vs AEW 😳
I don't think so because now WWE spec on the road and AEW is not then Daniel Bryan will stay with WWE Monday Night Raw.
HOPE ❤️🤍💙 Salvation is found in no one else, no other name under heaven given among men where by we must be saved.  Saved from the punishment of sin.  I’m trying to offer people Hope in absolute perfection !!!  No more pain, dying, lies, decay, depression, anxiety, crying, sickness, rotten food, broken things , etc...  offering the Hope of Eternity in heaven with Jesus Christ.  We must be willing to turn from sin to receive Jesus forgiveness.  And to know and live out his teachings. He who does the will of God abides for eternity 1 John 2:17 Visual Bible movies on YouTube  ❤️📖nkjv
Johnny sins 😆😆😆😆
It's crazy how much better WWE could be if only they just listened to their fans.  (WWE = Vince)
ANYBODY ELSE THINKS NICK KHAN TOLD VINCE TO RELEASE STARS TO CREATE COMPETITION?
If They pull this off, I might give wrestling another chance. Keep me posted.
AEW All Out is definitely going to be bigger then all of WWE’s PPV’s including Wrestlemania of this year , All Out will definitely be lit AF , I say there will be for sure one or two 5 star matches at the event , something WWE hasn’t had this year even NXT .
If Punk comes back, it'll be his latest & biggest "F" you to the WWE.  Don't blame him.  Ain't no way I could work for a company that fired me on a day that they knew that I was getting married.  WWE says coincidence.  I say BULLSH-T.
If AEW want to make serious money and competition they should try get tv deal with Sky Sports. That was one of wwe downfalls by moving to a paid channel extra 30 pounds month for which a lot of uk audience refuse to pay. They will get a lot of fan base from the uk with sky sports
I dont believe that punk is back before i see it. Honestly he should get the biggest pop ever in wrestling history!
Someones loss is another's gain.
I was that 10+ years removed lapsed fan when AEW debuted in 2019, so I can totally see this as being HUGE
The success of this depends on the type of Punk and D Bry we get presented with and the storylines they are part of in AEW.  Names are great, but bad booking can ruin that as quickly as it made them.
25 on trending!!
Daniel Bryan i can understand but cm punk was literally just attacking prowrestling months and years ago him calling it fake was probably the biggest insult to the business as a whole I mean was sids leg break fake no, was the piledriver that shortened austins career fake no. Its predetermined and scripted but the moves definitely hurt and take serious tolls on their body. Punks only coming back because he was a failure in UFC I mean he got beat by a dude who was high which slows down reflexes.
What's it matter when they can't book! Tony Khan doesn't know what he is doing.
WWE uses you up and spits you out
Punk and Bryan are past they prime
Bryan maybe. Punk, not a chance. AEW is enjoyable but its booking is ridiculous most of the time. Punk won't trade one garbage booking scenario for another one, unless he has exclusive creative control over his character and story.
For me personally, The only bigger bang would be the return of Stone Cold..  But he's too smart to try that now.
This Sucks!!
That's being too optimistic no one's bringing back lapsed fans real sports have taken them for good or maybe marko stunt will change their minds lol
Shaq vs Paul White
Хуета
Guess what cena is back they bringing people back
I hope cm punk is able to use “Cult of personality “ as his theme.
I hated the way punk looked I thought what a Douche then I saw him wrestle and it captivated me loved him since Ps: kenny omega open challenge punk answers and beats the cleaner fans would lose thee sh*t
Summerslam 91 was the first PPV I ever watched. The Matches made in heaven and hell brought me to the party. Perfect vs Hart made me stay.
Just have Punk vs Danielson for the next year. That's making the people happy.
i dont watch much anymore as its drab BUT if punk comes back and goes to AEW i will 100% watch
I gotta feeling we are being swerved
CM Punk CM Punk CM Punk CM Punk CM Punk CM Punk CM Punk CM Punk CM Punk CM Punk CM Punk CM Punk CM Punk
SIMON WILL YOU GO TO PROM WITHME ???
Content not this chatter shit
I hope they sign braun strowman next
This is really great for professional wrestling because neither TNA or ROH Wrestling are that big. If you ever watched TNA wrestling it seemed low budget compared to WWE and those player salaries weren't that high. Now Impact wrestling is being shown on AXIS TV but not everyone gets that cable channel.
So Aew signing old Wwe talent is a game changer 🤔
All the arm waiving is scaring me, please stop
I actually dont get it i love the aew storylines i live the wrestling too but still even after brayn and punk (maybe) joining i still dont wanna see it even i dont get it its weird🤷‍♂️ (dont attack me marks)
AEW has brought me back to wrestling...in saying that Im meh on the old WWE contingent but Im loving the ones Ive never seen before
wwe sucks now hate to say it. love what they’re doing with roman, but outside of that it’s hard to watch raw these days. i think they’re unwillingness to push new stars is what turn me off the most these days. love what see’s doing.
I agree if cm punk or Bryan Danielson show up in AEW I'm going to lose my shit
Wonder if Punk and Colt will be buds again since there maybe gonna be working for the same company if  they arnt all ready
This is true. I stopped watching wrestling for years and years then I heard about AEW and now I have not missed a dynamite yet
Who tf still watches wrestling lmao
I liked wrestling in the 90s before UFC came along. Back then it was just boxing and wrestling. Now that UFC came along and you have real combat martial arts wrestling seems silly. Like a circus act for children.
I wish they'd do NWO type of thing with Daniel and Punk. With new twist. Both coming in together as a band to overrun AEW. It could be something against Tony Khan.. as guys who saw what Vince did to a company, they don't want Khan to ruin AEW as well kind of thing. Two of them together, and maybe someone from AEW 'elite' as the surprising 'third man'. I think it would make for a lot of good story lines..
If punk shows up in chicago.......mother of god.....that crowd will implode reality itself.....
As cool as this is I have to wonder about the longevity of both due to their record of injuries.
I don't wanna see a single person complaining about how AEW is only signing WWE guys.  If *you* owned a wrestling promotion and could afford to sign them, you can't tell me you would pass them over just because they came from WWE.
If AEW can sign Daniel  Bryan and CM Punk, they could sign pretty much anybody who isn't under contract for another promotion.
CM punk vs MJF Daniel bryan vs Kenny Omega  Daniel bryan vs PAC there are literally so many combinations and matches I want to see
I watch the occasional smackdown.  I never miss dynamite.  I went to pandemic shows.  This is HUGE.  we’re going to get some crazy version of a bullet club civil war.  The wwe is going to get Roman Regins vs Goldberg.  I’m much more excited for AEW.
no one loves seeing goldberg
If CM Punk actually wrestles again I will believe in anything
*Hey, to you reading* ... you are loved in this moment, just as you are, here's how we know: "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.”
Imagine how awkward it will be when punk runs into cabana backstage
Okay okay let me just say so like stone cold might be the most popular wrestler ever, or maybe the rock hell maybe even cena. But the controversy of punk is like no other. Everyone wants him he might judt be the biggest star ever like everyone wants punk
Wrestling fans old and new need this to happen. It’s good for “business” even for WWE cause it creates competition. It creates a push on both sides to spice up storylines and perhaps a new interesting era. It’s WW(F)E vs WCW two point “o”. It gives wrestlers jobs, it gives fans old and new entertaining content, and it gives wrestling in general a future prospect of lasting for the next few more years. It’s long term thinking.
But didn't Jericho say AEW didn't want to be TNA in hiring former WWE guys
You have to be dumb to think this is a game changer.
And the war is on
Thoughts on if we're seeing Tama Tonga and Tanga Loa showing up to help Hiku Leo bring the US IWGP title back from Moxley?  That could be the next step in the New Japan cross-over!  AEW is definitely carving out new ground.
Please have punk go on a singles run and at some point tag with his friend Colt cabana that would be awesome
If punk joins im gonna start watching aew 🤣. I hear a lot of good things about them already I just don’t wanna make the commitment to watching their 2 shows a week
Why does Simon say Guev"era" instead of Guevara? .. did I miss an episode or is it just a genuine mispronunciation? Lol
AEW is basically just full of WWE rejects. And Idc what AEW marks have to say 😂
Remember when a year ago everyone was talking about aew being wwe 2.0? Lol
Uncle Vince please rescue me I can't hack it in AEW
Someone coughs at 1:36
D.M.D
Nothing holding up WWE except VINCES LITTLE JOHNSON,   we we manure
I hope they’re in the video game
Hiring 2 40 year olds = game changer
except AEW&Tony Khan NEVER confirmed of Bryan&Punk signing. its not true until we see it happen with our own eyes
“I’m ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᶦⁿᵍ ᵗᵒ ᵉᵛᵉʳʸᵒⁿᵉ ʷʰᵒ ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᵉˢ ᵗᵒ ᵐᵉ ᵃⁿᵈ ˡᶦᵏᵉˢ ᵗʰᶦˢ ᶜᵒᵐᵐᵉⁿᵗ”......…….
They should have held out on announcing punk, brought in Daniel Bryan and then had punk come in to the organization he'd never work for Scott Hall style and drop a work/shoot burial promo on Bryan for coming to AEW.  Then have him make random outsiders style appearances leading to a ppv pay off
I hope punk debuts with this fire burns by kill switch engage rather than cult of personality
I would love to see them in aew I might even cry(surely). But if they don't come I would still say that I'm loving this journey of waiting for them to join.
I've wanted to see Bryan in AEW since they were announced
5:02 Stuff "getting close", I think Blood and Guts straight-up beat the next episode of RAW in the key demographic.
While there is some wonderful potential, these are (by definition) not the Punk and Dragon of the Noughties, so waiting to see and then comment strikes me as the prudent course.
I want Marty Scurll in AEW rather than Punk.
change the game how???????
Are you jony sins
the difference now to the AEW and WCW is...... AEW will not go away and not go bankrupt. And the difference to today's WWE to the WWF back then.......... is now, WWE are in fucking trouble to competition.
So what does this mean for Adam Page, or Christian? Hell, Kenny Omega and his belt collection. I agree that it does help pique interest, but TNA did this and look what that did.
I want everybody and every company to do great..
Dude that thumbnail looks so real
Kahn and AEW are actually treating their talent with more respect and letting everyone just be themselves.   Ya get what ya give. Vince got too controlling and he's paying for it.   AEW is only getting started but it seems like they're doing it right.
Simon u r awesome at this please never stop
Unless Daniel Bryan confirmed this thats the time this will not be considered a rumor...
Sad part is we thought WWE would up their game ever since AEW came along, but it's just the same old repetitive unwatchable shows, with the same old generic PPV results, they're so afraid to venture away from what was once tried and true that I don't know how they'll recover at this point, the writing is as atrocious as ever, and even matches that would have once peaked interest somehow now fall on the wayside
SIGH. I am happy AEW is doing well. I really am. But.. christ, man. I'm kinda just tired of it. No one just enjoys wrestling.  You got people in the comments crying about wanting WWE to die. Or wanting AEW to not succeed. And no one is realizing that the presence of both companies is necessary. All WWE marks don't realize that WWE is better with AEW present. And you AEW fanboys fail to realize WWE is helping fuel AEW teenage angst. Calling for one place to go out of business puts a lot of people out of work.
What a time to be a WRESTLING FAN!
As a 12 year old, I stopped watch wrestling because I was so mad at Stone Cold for siding with Vince. Then I started again after the pipebomb promo, and mostly stopped after Punk left, only watching the Rumble, Wrestlemania, and any AEW match with Orange Cassidy. Having Punk in AEW means I'll probably watch wrestling every week again for the first time in like 7 years.
Well... Guess we're not getting that CM Punk vs HHH match at wrestlemania after all.
I think they'll give a bit of a boost to AEW's ratings, at least in the short term, but I think it's a bit naive to think they'll be game changers.
Remember people just because you sound like you know what your talking about… does NOT mean you do ..
As I've said a million times, Bryan only retired because of the lawsuit between Punk and WWE. Let's be real...
I want WRESTLING to do better... I don't give a fuxk about WWE.
as simon says its a game changer or if its just rumours it will be a big let down from aew because of how hyped up this is
Until they're confirmed they're just speculation so chill out Meathead
Where did you get the Sting "shirt"? Got to get me one of these!
Believe it when i see it.
And yeah where are those guys that I had a discussion with a year ago? They attacked me personally and called me delusional among other stuff.  You lost a bet guys. Go get those ice chunks in hell now as you cocky soab said.  Ye he is back. Now I can watch wrestling again. Along with Omega, Mox, Danny and Braun (?) we are safe to say that the war is on!
Punk sucks
Shout out to Australia 🇦🇺 Thanks Simon
Its gonna be hilarious when punk doesn't sign. Its gonna suck too though lol
Punk or Danielson vs. jay white or will ospreay, or maybe even okada. Because its always a dream match now that Danielson and Punk are here.
Man his biceps is huge
WWE just killed off NXT, so it's only natural that AEW thrives
Dare you to try and record a video with your arms tied down or behind your back.
I was watching Punk in ROH and loved him! I stopped watching wrestling shortly after that, because it got stale and I was sick of seeing John Cena. I missed all of his WWE run  and have only caught up by watching the classics years later. I have recently started watching again because AEW is SO good. If CM Punk showed up, I would lose my stuff!!!!
Sammy vs Brian would be fire
I'm a lapsed fan.. this will make me watch again.
If you are still trying to push the "minor league" narrative forward please stop. Now It is just sad
It makes me wish I could watch AEW.....but I don't have real TV, and the only streaming app that I know of that carries it is like $40 a month. I don't want it *that* badly.
Miss you big bald tank topped SM 😎🌷
I hope everyone does well. I'm a big wwe fan but I think withese signings wwe is in Big trouble. 2022 aew will start their takeover
If AEW pulls this off, it'll be big. It'll be YUGE! But "the mother of all game changers"?....Nah. Nothing will ever beat Hogan's heel turn and the original formation of the nWo. That didn't just shock the wrestling community, that shocked the WORLD. The whole "Hulk Hogan turns badguy" thing made news everywhere *outside* of wrestling.
THAT VIDEO THUMBNAIL TROLLED THE **** OUT OF ME!!
I'm not a massive wwe guy at all. But I dont know what it is about aew, I just can't get hooked at all. It reminds me of tna so much. I dont know if its melzer and alverez destroying it for me, but it seems to be getting rammed down my throat to like it, but with the exception of mjf, there is nothing I enjoy 🤷‍♂️
How i think AEW should treat both of them during and after their debuts? AS HEELS, naturally many of us wait they debut as babyfaces or a tweener at max, but imagine a shock of Bryan Danielsson debut and put the fault of his carrer being shortened, he have to risk his health an time with family more because of the style of wrestling that AEW embraces, his first feud being with Rey Phoenix for instance... CM Punk returning as heel in a quest to END the pro-wrestling, END the carreers of pro-wrestling stars because of the fans, and aligning himself with none other than MJF, later building a feud between them where we as fans would be supposed to cheer for MJF(he just being himself) mindblow.gif... NOBODY expects or would think of anything like that, and because of AEW being AEW is that something like this can happen and would be THE plot twist on pro-wrestling history(like Hogan being with NWO)
I understand it's exciting. But come on. DByran could be ok. I don't see him vibing with anyone on AEW roster. CM Punk..... Well good luck to him...  In fact on 2k19 Daniel Bryan was AEW champion for a year. So I've already booked that.   I also book Buddy Murphy as WWE Champion for over 2 years....
CM Punk and Bryan Dinielson coming to AEW will give that indy wrestling feel from ROH in the early 200s or PWG before NXT snatched up the "indy darlings."
I will believe it when I see it. Still. The real game changer would be a Brock or Cena who are about the only big names left.
Im surprised how everyone is making videos about CM Punk signing with AEW when it isn't even confirmed yet. Don't be shocked when you find out it's not true
That Thumbnail almost got me.
I would be incredibly stoked to see Bryan at AEW. I'd love to see him finish his career doing things his way with the freedom to really do his thing. Punk, I'd be happier if I didn't have to tolerate him on weekly TV to see the people I care about seeing.
I haven't watched wrestling since 015 and have never watched a single episode of AEW. If Punk returns back, I'm willing to give AEW a chance.
Punk vs Allan will be a dream match
I'm really hoping these rumors are true, for the sake of all of the news reports. Because if Punk doesn't sign, and Danielson re-signs with WWE, this is going to make everyone look bad.   I'm hoping if that it is true, they help fix some of the nonsense in AEW. Because it's a hard watch, for a good amount of it. And I want to like it. Especially when WWE isn't doing all that great.
CM Punk in AEW will be the highlight of the year if it happens it’s like a bowl of ice cream it’s good all year round and if DB does go to AEW then that’s just a cherry on top love both of them and in AEW they will get the light they deserve.
I just hope that Vince don’t buy AEW. I still miss WCW and ECW.
CENA returns on Sunday and by Friday he's an afterthought AEW knows exactly wat there doing
Craaaaazy good clickbate
Probably Daniel Bryan but punk will not return unless he gets a big Brock Lesnar sized pay check guess what AEW is not capable of it
Nobody wants to see Goldberg
ohh wow old wrestlers looking to steal the spotlight of younger superstars who deserve it more. here comes so many hate comments lol.
Bring in Murphy also.
That background is SO annoying! An eye ræpe!
I like Punk will be happy to see him. If they get Danielson I will lose my damned mind.
You are so right.  I started watching wrestling again because of Chris Jericho going to AEW.  Then I found my bald headed kindred spirit from across the pond who is obsessed with his powerful finger and blammo I’m a mark again.
I live in chicago i also love the city and people as much as anyone  With that being said idc really for cm punk never did
*Was watching this vid : my cus just saw Simon and exclaimed : "wait Johnny Sins has started doing wrestling videos?"*
Is Bryan Lloyd Danielson now Daniel Ryan for AEW?
Sources are 100% positive these guys signed. Imagine they didnt? lol
Cm punk is literally gona start a new war and I wouldn’t want anyone else to start it
I would love to see cm punk and aj in aew they are really good preformers
I love whatculture,  especially you Simon.. but if this is wrong, this is gonna be a GIANT laughing stock.. you guys are reaching HARD on this. I really hope this is true
Danielson vs jungle boy, punk vs omega that would be awesome
I hope this all ends up being bs….but it’s probably not.🙄
Its simple AEW is for wrestlers  WWE is for superstars AEW wrestlers have input on thier characters  WWE doesn't ( only a select few)  Its okay to like both. Reminds me of when WCW was around.
What if they create a heel stable with all ex WWE wrestlers and the third man is Jericho? Could add Braun Strowman to that too. :P
I’m super happy to have come back to wrestling as a former wwe major fan AEW has reignited my love for seeing sweaty ppl chop each other in the chest. I took a break but now I’m super interested in everything going on. Those dreams of multiple companies working together is actually happening and for once I feel like the wrestlers are getting more leverage to change the business and to work in the business they love. I’m super psyched to see how everything turns out and I truly hope wwe changes for the better. I don’t want AEW to kill WWE, I think the business needs them just as much as it needs this alliance amongst brands. Let’s just hope that they go back to their core of being a real wrestling company.   They really could use some pointers from NXT and to start treating that show like it’s one of the real brands instead of basically erasing all the work and pop those men and women have worked for to squash them on Raw or Smackdown. I’m hopeful if they get a changing or the guard things might be better.
Dude Watch, AEW will end up Buying...🤔 lol
If they really did it I just want to see how they handle it, by handle it I mean I hope they don’t let these guys come in and just outshine the entire roster that is already there
Goldberg, Cena, the Rock and the rest can all stay the hell away from wrestling for ever!
trust my attitude era of fans never want or need to see these idiots ever again.
Punk vs MJF or Eddie on the mic would be gold
Darby Allen and the young guys are worth watching all these old wwe hasbeens are useless.
Punk is Not joining and Bryan is Not going to join all bullshit wrestling. I can’t believe anyone would call that bull wrestling
I never need to see Daniel Bryan ever again.
I love wrestling not this bullshit comedy they call entertainment.
The majority of fans that have left aren't coming back anytime soon.
I enjoy the excitement of it.
To finish the rivalry once and for all and end WWE. What else.
I subscribed to your channel
1 minute in before you talk about anything.
AEW should change their name into AWE (All WWE Elite) 🤣🤣🤣 check out their ROSTER you'll know WHY. 🤣🤣🤣
Punk and DB were genuine main eventers just the way they were used for the most part was terrible especially with Punk. I haven't like you said watched wrestling in 10 years but I was always a fan of Punk. So Punk heading or potentially heading to AEW, I might just have to tune in one time etc. Either way I keep hearing good things about AEW so mabey I will actually start watching wrestling again check out all the buzz.
I think AEW needs to try to purchase impact wrestling and make it their second brand they could call it AEW  impact
My biggest doubt with CM Punk is that a) everybody regards him as the best wrestler ever and expects him to blow the ring away on his debut and b) CM Punk hasn't wrestled for almost 10 years. With those expectations and that amount of ringrust there is a very huge chance for CM Punk to disappoint.   But I also have a solution for this: Debut CM Punk and Daniel Bryan as a Tag Team. That way they can hide the ring rust (and the injury troubles of DB) and still have the benefits of two major stars appearing on the show. There even is a common storyline with the Straight Edge Sosiety and Daniel Bryans Nature Protection heel character. And after being a team for a while they could still split up, feud with each other and then have their own singles carreers later.
I was a fan of attitude era but I think Goldberg Sucks!!. Tired of them bringing that useless muscle bound bone head back.
I literally only came here to see Simon slap his head and then leave
I would lose my mind if CM Punk signs with AEW I would be so happy
When Final Countdown hits I'm gonna absolutely flip!
This is the worst thing to happen in the wrestling industry. AEW hired an overrated maniac. The second he steps into that arena, people would just tune into AEW out of favoritism. And AEW fans would lynch on anyone who opposes.
It is all about engaging young audience. I doubt how much the young audience cares abt Punk.
AEW is gonna become number 1 and kill WWE.
2:03 kayfabe subscribe news today!
I lived it 1996, Hall and Nash came over and the tide started to turn towards WCW, now this .....25 years later Bryan and Punk are the modern day Outsiders and AEW is gonna top WWE in ratings before the year is up...this time Tony Khan is not gonna take his foot off the gas pedal the way WCW did
If cm punks goes I'll start watching wrestling again
If he debuts in Chicago with his the cult of personality theme The stadium will be sent into orbit.
Always remember the law of diminishing returns - Goldberg coming back for what his 4th or 5th run? That needle won’t move
These wrestling websites and YouTube channels are just eating up these rumors 😅
We are about to hear the biggest pop of all time in Chicago next to 2012 lesnar return
This is such an exciting time to be a wrestling fan 🔥👍👍. Bryan Danielson and CM Punk to AEW is freaking Awesome news
Fk. If Punk debut in Chicago I'm going to be upset with myself but I'm also going to be very excited
To quote a Living Colour song....Anything is possible,but nothing is real. When I see the '.....is All Elite' banner on Twitter,then I will believe😁
Punk I can see because wwe kinda screwed him, but WWE gave Bryan the world and he turns his back. No one has any loyalty at all anymore
Will Colt Cabana still be in AEW, as CM Punk did sue his ‘best friend’ after that incident…..
How long before you see “The Beat In The World “ belt 🤷🏻‍♂️
If it ain’t one or both of these guys.. they better squash the hype now, cause anyone else short of the Rock would be a disaster…
I love how they’re already posting this before anything is confirmed…
Thank god punk is going to aew. No one watches that crap anyway. If he went to wwe he would of made it worse. Id be surprised if that punk even wrestles
U don't even know what's going to happen yet you make videos on them
Meh.   I rather see AEW bring Simon Miller on board.
Ugh bullshit
I'm just gonna say this, I'm happy for Punk if he does return but him AND Daniel going is over kill. AEW instantly becomes TNA 07 and the fans will make that known. As much as we might not want to admit it, none of us would be taking about Punk if it wasn't for the WWE. Daniel is a good move but it should be there last move for a while. If USA& FOX get involved' and Punk comes back at SummerSlam. Not only would the Pop be insane but that's literally the only way WWE can stop AEWs momentum for viewers
Based on the roster,  it sounds weird but with their history in ring of honour, I'd have the debut together as a tag team. Let's Punk get back into the ring over time whilst Bryan can work the majority.  Them both appearing at once would radically change the main event scene to an almost too stacked level that they don't have air time to show off programmes without sacrificing mid card, women's and tag division that all have a roll to play. If they do tag then immediately the tag division becomes the hottest in the world with a lineup that rivals the TLC era in the ring and the depth if the 80's. Then you can build once punk is ready for a monster angle of the both entering the singles division with a scene of Punk, Omega, Moxley, Darby, Cody, Adam Page, Jericho, MJF, Black and a bunch of guys with a few weeks of wins could easily reach that level of Miro, Pac, pentagon or fenix,Scorpio, ethan page, And race co,bimed with a stack of legends and veterans to put them over to that level. It's in my opinion , a roster that rivals the original attitude era lineup for potential and depth.
If AEW can sign Bryan Daniels, CM Punk & purchase/merge with Impact Wrestling......
I'm a wrestling fan (paper bag on head) and haven't watched in a few years. I need to at least check out AEW. They have a great roster.
The new group of guys and girls in AEW are doing incredible,  all the ones Simon mentioned but also Sammy Guevera, John Silver, Preston Vance, Anna Jaye, Tay Conti, Big Swole, Red Velvet, Jade, the list goes on, and of course, my guy, All Ego Ethan Page.  If you watch their performances in and out of the ring - you will become a watcher, a fan...  To add the everyman heroes of Danielson and Brooks are just the right ingredients to bring the non-watcher just to see what they are going to do and say and who they going to do it to...  Excelsior!
It's sad how many people are so obsessed by blind loyalty to WWE to not be excited about this. This is a hugely exciting time for wrestling!
wrestlers today just dont have the star power I mean honestly Taker was pretty much the last one that held that kind of power.
Punk and MJF microphone fued will be the best thing in wrestling in decades.
I hope these rumors are 110% true. I just hope they do it right, ie don't pull a TNA, because that's exactly what killed TNA and forced Impact to spend over a decade clawing their way to where they are today.
If AEW pulls these signings off , wrestling wil change forever
Unless AEW gets somebody who actually knows how to format a decent show all I envision is high priced shit show .
It's great for wrestling as a whole to have a competition with big names that can compete with wwe and it will move the needle but aew still need to make sure they're pushing homegrown talent. Stockpiling older wwe talent brings eyes but if 5 years from now it's just inflated finances and not enough new stars then it becomes tna so they need to make sure they strike a balance
Sorry i dont want to see these old washed up guys, I want to see young stars
This just in. AEW is offering proof Tupac is still alive. Theyre going to present it in Chicago. This is epic!
Main match I wanna see is Bryan Danielson vs. CM Punk (was supposed to headline WM 30 but WWE suits didn't think it was a WM-worthy match!!  lol ) That match would definitely be unbelievable.
Not really. No body is gonna give a shit after a few weeks..Why? Because two mega stars in a company with none means rhe needle will eventually fall backwards wirh no real credible threats to either one of em.they both want big checks for little work and a ton of control and Tony is dumb enough to give it to em which in return will have some issues down the line
What are their ring names gonna be?
I'm actually disappointed by Bryan (not aew for trying to get him) but for him for going. I can understand and respect the reasons why others went (underutilized, disrespected, wasting used correctly).  Bryan was in the main event of wrestlemania. He's usually used and pushed fairly.I understand the others, I can't sympathize or feel good for him.
Punk lost me when I realized he can't wrestle.... "The best in the world!" Is a fraud.
Dynamite needs a 3rd hour. So many wrestlers we dont see every week.
I just have one question: if Punk joins AEW, can we please get the missus too? I WANT AJ LEE!!!!!!!!
Just spelled out why I watch AEW.
Aside from having DB and Punk in the ring, having them as part of creative and mentoring younger talent is even more of a game changer.  I see these older WWE stars joining to cement their legacy and impact on the future of the industry.  Rather than AEW taking more of the pie, working with other companies to make the whole pie bigger and more diverse.
Wow 😳..... 👏
You know WWE is in panic mode when they're pulling the Cena and The Rock card.
Punk going to aew would be like hulk going to wcw ratings will skyrocket 🚀 🌙
Those signings will change nothing because only smarks care about Daniel Bryan and CM Punk in 2021, and only smarks watch AEW aleady anyway (exception of a few people like me who watch bits and pieces of it for the 'so bad it's hilarious' factor).   Daniel Bryan left WWE because they wouldn't let him ruin Smackdown more than he was with his terrible booking when he was pushing his bland and boring indy friends.   CM Punk signed with AEW because only in CM Punk's and smarks minds, he's still relevant. WWE would have rightfully used him as enhancement talent but cry baby Punk has to have his moment in the spotlight again, which he'll have in AEW...for about 2 weeks until AEW's awful booking ruins him as it always does for their wrestlers.
CM Punk isn't going to AEW he's already stated he didn't want to be another guy doing bad TV and AEW is the worst... i doubt CM will ever come back, as for Danielson, he'll either go to ROH or back to Japan... AEW is the WWE rejects for a reason, look at all the botches and injuries.
Jhonny sins lite kaha se aaya
Aew isn't a great wrestling product because no one can finish a match. But it could be if they get a better booker. And if everyone stops being Undertaker in Aew.
Twitter will melt down the day we see either one of these two on aew and vince will litrary go in coma again and Ron simoon will do loudest damm in his whole life
Vince is probably crying rn
Brilliant!!
Cm punk cult of personality in aew in chicago The roof is gonna blow off .
I have pretty much only watched Royal Rumbles and WrestleManias since CM Punk left WWE, I would keep up with the product through Ups and Downs. AEW reignited my love for wrestling again.
It’s good for AEW fans. Butthurt WWE fans can’t deal with it quite as well 😂
Probably the most hyped "why" vidio ever if they are bringing brayan and punk in aew they need buddy too after that they don't need anyone
I was at the Smackdown that Daniel Bryan announced his return, that was a crazy show.
He said do do
Remember when wwe have more talents than aew ???? And those talents are jobbers???
Still waiting on AEW to sign Miller
cm punk and daniel bryan are old news it wouldnt do shit if they joined aew
Is WhatCulture Wrestling running out of ideas for videos? What is this like the 5th or 6th video about Daniel Bryan and CM Punk?
It is nothing more than a WCW knock off
Miller. If you want more Americans to watch your videos . If you are not part of the wwe. You need to drop their logo. A lot of people don’t like them or how they treat their employees. We watch Impact, AEW,ROH,IWGP, tripleA, and the little guy SWE and MLW. We love the the resurgent NWA.
The most important thing is is what will their AEW Names be? Clifton Montgomery Punk and Danny Brianson?
If CM Punk joins AEW I will have to get sling so I can watch it.
I try to be as unbiased as possible cause I love wrestling, but aew just feels like tna after tna became famous, brought in every wwe reject, forgot about their amazing own talent except 2 or 3 main stars...and failed years later
My  problem with WWE is Vince treats his wrestlers and employees like trash.
CM Punk is overrated
7-8 years we’ve waited for cm punk to return really hope it happens man so hyped
I don’t. Believe until they both show up
Daniel Bryan has gotten stale and CM Punk hasnt wrestled in almost a decade. Im not excited about either signing.
E
Why I'm so sad DB going to AEW? Will he take a dig at WWE if he goes there?
Bryan Danielson and CM Punk to AEW is the same as AMC to the moon. Life is great 🦍👐🏿💎🚀💪🏿🌝
Am I one of few people who literally don’t care for CM Punk ? Ya he’s good but I just don’t care for the guy at all 🤷🏻‍♂️
Casuals are bursting out laughing watching this video about Punk and Bryan "changing the game ".
i lost interest when kayfabe died. and that is something that can never come back ..and yes i watch a bit of wrestling news bc i am a old fan
AEW without CM Punk and Bryan getting 1.1 million, with them maybe they get 1.4 million.  Not really a game changer to me.
If this report doesn't come true then I am imagining the faces of delusional Aew marks they would cry their entire life that would be so fun to imagine.
Bryan and punk are overrated. Admittedly Bryan is a brilliant in ring performer but I genuinely don’t think either of them are that big of a draw. Strowman on the other hand would be the game changer wwe made a big mistake letting him go.
The wrestling youtubers need to calm down, instead of mother of game-changers it could be turn out to be mother of all jokes 😜😜
Simons a whole vibe
This vid is about me.  I started watching classic stuff while working from home in 2020, and stumbled on AEW Dark and Dark Elevation.  Pulled me right back in after about 20 years.
LOGIC to wrestling fans = 🤯…
CM Punk in AEW, i would expect ratings to go through the roof... would also love to see Punk Vs Allin, Punk Vs Omega, Punk Vs Pretty much anyone in AEW
That thumbnail is a disgrace 🤣🤣😂
There's no way. This has to be fake. I'm a negative Nancy and I don't care but I don't believe this
So how is AEW getting all this money for these big name signings
Just imagine if none of them debut in aew🤣🤣 I would just turn off my mobile get inside my room  Put on my headphones no i won't listen to music i have already turned of my mobile ☺️ I will just curse these youtubers for an hour until i feel better
khan's dumb if he doesn't outsiders the debut....
instead of quoting this sapp guy or meltzer why not come up with you  own idea
The return of The American Dragon Bryan Danielson- Hell Yeah!  CM Bitch- Hell No! The first time he gets his panties in a bunch, he'll talk shit & turn his back just like he did WWE & Colt!
Video starts at 1:00  The guy talks way too much in the beginning
They should do a triple threat..  Punk and Bryan both want Omega.
Let Punk Do A “See You In Chicago” On The Titantron On The Wednesday Before All Out ‘21 & Watch Grown Men Have Sleepless Nights Until The PPV ✖️⚡️✖️
If Tony Khan says he has one more thing/person up his sleeve, and assuming he/she is on the level of Punk and Bryan, doesn't it have to be Lesnar? Who else could it be?
WWE now HAS TO start a new attitude era to counter this
Unless the writing and booking get better, it won't matter who is there.
If some terrific figure skater came back...I wouldn't give a f*ck :D
I just realized that what culture looks like cm punk lmao
So punk  is gonna job to marko stunt then jungle boy got it lol
2 big names... doing bad tv... hurray?   hire new bookers!!! thats what we want...
i knew about MJF  Sami Guevara brit baker and jungle boy before aew what you on about Simon. They weren't really that new. Sounds like simon never watched pwg or lucha underground
So…they haven’t actually pulled off anything yet, but they soon will/may/might?
I haven't watched wrestling on a regular basis in over 10 years but I can tell just by clips and interviews AEW is much more my style
I want to see punk be a heel again.
Pro wrestling is a joke. MMA is the real deal. Pity the adults who watch it. Its okay for children and teenagers but after that 'Man grow up'.
I legit started watching wrestling again after like 15 years because I stumbled across ups and downs
It's just all rumors I'll believe it when i see it
Lapsed fan here if Cm Punk is heading to AEW they got me back watching wrestling again.
If this is true... It totally changes the landscape.  They need a huge pay per view name and a big show like Wrestlemania.
Well DB already signed officially, so now it's half confirmed at least.  That's enough to get me excited to see if the last half will be confirmed too.  Though I'm suspecting Punk may not be the other half of that surprise, and it will be Strowman instead.  A "big man".  I may have to start tuning into AEW.
problem for WWE is the Rock or Cena coming back we know they are extremely temporary because they're actors now. CM Punk and Bryan this is what theyve always done and wouldn't come aboard unless they can be a big part of things and have creative control they never had before. Yeah the Rock will get a pop then disappear. CM Punk weekly on Dynamite is consistent ratings.
Aew just signed two skinny piece of shit cruiserweights.
There are so many dream combos that come from this as far as matches: Punk or Danielson vs Hangman, Punk or Danielson vs Christian, Punk or Danielson vs Cody, Punk or Danielson vs Jungle Boy, Punk or Danielson vs Darby Allin  Hell, just have Punk and Eddie Kingston or Punk and MJF go at each other on the mic for a month, it would just be gold  I am really interested in seeing how they do this.
I really don’t see either going to aew in all honesty
Not going to miss an episode of if Bryan and Punk are in AEW. As if it's not miss TV. AEW is a must see wrestling already. Now with theses two it is 💯 confirm
I can only pay attention to how the mic placement on Simon's tank top is ruining his symmetry and it's really bothering me for some reason, oh 2 of my all time favorite wrestlers are going to my new favorite wrestling promotion!
CM Punk and Daniel Bryan. Two names that were never that big of a deal in the first place
Ain't gonna change nothing tbh lmao
John Cena’s return is nothing compared to Punk. Cena is just getting a big pay day to temporarily boost ratings, then he’ll be gone again. He’s stale and looks ridiculous dressed like a teenager, when he’s middle aged.
These guys don’t move the needle outside of the wrestling bubble. I’m sorry to say.
But cm punk proved he has no fighting skills. Why should I suspend disbelief and pretend he's a badass?
There are two things that are drastically different from WWE and AEW. First one being AEW atleast builds new stars, while WWE keeps bringen old ones back to spike interest in the programm. Second is AEW is giving their stars atleast some input. They don't have 870 low-mid carders and only 4-6 main event stars. AEW builds around multiple people as main eventers, even the whole Inner Circle are main eventers alone, then count Darby, Britt Baker, Jungle Boy, Orange Cassidy, Kenny Omega, Young Bucks and so on while still bringing people up like the Acclaimed, Varcity Blondes, Bunny, Blade, Tay Conti, Private Party etc. In my opinion it's way more fun seeing peoples rise to the top while nobody gets left behind to badly, instead of seeing The Rock, Goldberg and other people coming back just because a big event is coming up to boost the card, let's be honest.
Its the truth
If cm punk go’s to AEW then that means AJ lee chances of going to AEW which would be awesome
Aew just signs wrestlers they dont wrestle
Are you Jonny sins?
Unless they get to write there own scripts it will suck like aew and wwe all suck nowadays.
Seeing how aew is doing great right now this is a wake up call to Vince McMahon he needs to open her eyes and start listening to everyone and to the fans get the fans what they want now what he wants
Aew is going to be 1111111111111
Can you imagine the POP if they played Cult of Personality by Living Color. Since that was not a WWE created song, there is a chance that Tony Khan can get the rights to it. Seeing how he doesnt mind spending money to get music rights, seems like a legit strategy to pull in those who remember that.
Really hope we can get an omega punk main event of double or nothing next year
We’re all being worked
Here's the problem: what if Punk and Danielson AREN'T going to AEW? After all this talk, that would be a real problem. Not that I expect it to be a problem, though, because it seems like both of them are coming.
Bring in whoever you like but don't go the WCW/Impact route and constantly push former WWE talent over your own home grown talent, like don't bring in Daniel Bryan(or whoever) and immediately have him become AEW world Champion. That would leave a sour taste in everybody's mouth
They stil need to get ryback and and dont hire strowman
Vince is completely out of touch & should allow Triple H, Stephenie & Shane amoung others to run the company.. the product is not good (mainly on the flagship show Raw) AEW would be good but it's just missing a few things, they really need to polish up the product & hire writers or better ones.. plus I hope they have plans to expand, because it's getting crowded & one show can't highlight everyone which is why they have like 300 factions, which is crzy.
I quit watching because WWE became watered down and to fast paced. I quit watching when Punk left, but I still follow dirt sheets and occasionally watch pay per views. I grew up in the 80’s and 90’s, followed WWF when I was young then switched to WCW in 95, then back to WWE after WCW shut down.  Wrestling doesn’t tell stories anymore. It’s all about spots instead of psychology, and wrestlers don’t sell like they used to. I’m just a fan of an older style I guess, but parts of AEW, which I just started watching a couple months ago, remind me of the older style. They still have to many spots for me to be fully invested, but it’s a better product for someone like me than WWE.  I’m excited to see what happens with Punk and Danielson though, and I’m one of the “old timers” that still enjoys seeing older stars like Goldberg, even if he’s well past his prime.
My fear is that AEW might be signing new stars to fast and they won't have story lines for all the wrestlers. I'm excited for DB but I don't want that to be at the expense of home grown AEW talent.
Only difference Bryan and punk washed out
havent watched wwe regularly in years now cuz u know, life. ill watch a couple ppvs a year and maybe the raw after mania.  havent watched even a handful of aew shows though ive always wanted them to do well cuz that can only be good for the business. now that theyve got daniel bryan and cm punk? yeah ill be watching aew and if i like what i see then i might actually end up watching more aew than wwe, and never could i have imagined watching another wrestling company more than wwe. this is just nuts
Oh how hilarious will it be if these rumors are false.  I’m praying that they do go to AEW though.
Still just feels to good to be true
Im kind of the laps fan that still arnt watching why arnt the lsps fans watching becouse theres no wrestling arw i modtly just overly  Choreographed gymnastics cm pink brought alot of is back becouse he was fighting for prop pro wrestling  places like tge nwa are as close as we can get to wrestling now
I was at WM 30. Nobody remembers Daniel Bryan Headlining..... When taker lost the streak, the electricity was gone from the crowd that night.
Daniel Bryan better work with safe wrestlers. He starts ending up on AEW botches page and he'll have to retire before he gets any momentum
ONLY WhatCulture and its similar fans thinks this is a game changer. It's not. Brock, Rock, Cena, HHH, Shane, Roman would be game changers, punk and Dbry are good for AEW, but they won't put a dent in WWE's fandom and bottomline.
Reverse Gender? @6:19
you flexing a lot bro. we get you a JERK!
Let's be honest if CM Punk returns to wrestling, be it AEW or WWE every wrestling fan around the world will shed a tear of joy
Just like when wcw took nash and hall
Punk isn't gonna wrestle for AEW 😅  _Marky Mark and the Whatculture Bunch_
Why are people excited about these small guys, more impressive if AEW signed Roman, Batista, Brock, Bobby instead
Doesn’t this mean they need a brand split now though with all this talent and storylines how is it Gonna fit in a 2 hour show 🤦🏿‍♂️ hopefully there new show will be the answer to this question
That's how I got into AEW. Heard Matt Hardy was there and a few other guys from the days WWF became WWE and the whole WCW buy out thing. It was a few weeks before Revelation 2020. Then Sting showed up and Paul White, then there was an Exploding Barbwire Deathmatch (I know the ending didn't go well) but from then I was hooked and never looked back.
This guy must be awesome at fruit ninja. I've watched a bunch of videos and his hand movements are like years of Kung fu.
Bring back attitude era to wwe . Losing to many talents to aew
If DB goes to AEW I'll try and tune in when I can. If Punk goes to AEW I'm watching every week.  I refuse to watch WWE in general (don't care about a company that cuts their employees in the middle of a pandemic) and don't have time for AEW
Sheeeesh
Can you imagine Chris j as our Bruno 😂
If AEW truly has these two. Their roster is now far superior to WWE.
lol Daniel Bryan and CM Punk>all of wwe
Thing is man 2 guys on the roster of aew wont change much sure it will get a huge pop on the rating but it will be that and just go back down steadily
🤷🏾‍♂️okay
More than watching him wrestle, I'm most interested in Punks first promo. You know AEW will let him go off on WWE. It may make the pipe bomb look tame. I'm sure Bryans will be more relaxed.
At least Wrestling is getting interesting again.
The allure of wrestling Kenny omega not only brought these legends but he brought back lapsed fans of 15 year like me. He just offers something so different and exhilarating for those watching and those involved.
You know I'm not so sure I want to see Bryan Danielson have a match with a guy with his hands in his pockets and you know I'm also not so sure I want to see see CM Punk wrestling joey Janela. Maybe Cody, Punk would tear the house down?
I don't know man, like I'm excited for this.. but I am a WWE guy for life so I'm conflicted 😂
your friend Danny
While I want Hangman to win.... I can see Kenny winning and declaring himself best in the world.... cue Music. Crowd explodes
Forget nostalgia acts, surely the thought of Omega vs Punk is the dream for pro wrestling fans
Imagine if they recreate the Canada HBK segment where he tricked everyone into thinking Bret Hart would turn up but he didn't. I Can Imagine Kenny beating Hangman due to inference and then slandering the crowd as they chant cm punk, only for cult of personality to hit. But no one come out..... and the music then cuts with kenny laughing at the crowd and explains that he purposely had the music played to trick everybody and that he was 'the best in the world' all of a sudden cult of personality hits again and CM Punk emerges and hits GTS on everybody.
Vince bring goldberg back because he ended Brets carrer. He is petty enough for that to be true if you think about it.
The main problem  with aew is that aew is just a 2 hour show! And it can't feature stars as they should be. Punk is more suited for wwe because wwe makes promos equal to wrestling! And admit that promos are more entertaining than in ring stuffs which are the same old same old
Is it really though? I mean, Danielson coming to AEW is big, but CM Punk? The man hasn't done anything substantial in the ring in 7 years. And while these do seem like big signings, are they enough to catapult AEW into the #1 position over the WWE? No, it's still not enough.
Bruh if the roof doesn’t touch the moon when punk comes out do it over till they get it right
I stopped watching wrestling years ago but AEW is going to be my new show..  CM PUNK is the last great wrestler and it will be awesome to hear CULT OF PERSONALITY return.
Daniel Bryan and Cm Punk . Yeah this is a game changer . I wonder if they'll come in AEW like the Outsiders in WCW .
AEW 4life
Awesome segment...lol
I think CM Punk debut Will cause an earthquake 🤩😍
Have them create a Faction with them both & AEW will have a nice run for the end of the year
Daniel Bryan, YES! I can still buy into his character where ever he takes it  Phil Brooks (CM Punk), NO. I can't keep Kayfabe for him after  losing to no names in the UFC. So I'm expected to believe he's going to come to AEW and dominate the roster? Tbh that just make the entire AEW roster look weak if that were to happen. To be beaten by no name UFC guy then come and win matches in AEW. So yeah, it's a no for me.
CM Punk will be like “That AEW Contract does say CM PUNK but it is not a wrestling Contract” he gonna do play by play for rampage
AEW is going to become the new WCW, with all the creative control that it is giving wrestlers.  Ego's will destroy it, just like happened to WCW.
Why does everyone leave Hangman off the list of newer guys in AEW? It's always MJF, Sammy and Darby but it's like Hangman is already on the level above those guys when in reality his in the same position (other than the fact hell be the first world champ of the group lol)
It's one of the biggest but not the mother of all.  First,  they are not even competing but rather in their different paths.  It may increase ratings but there is no proper ratings war to win.  Secondly,  there were more important game changers like Hogan Heel turn which helped wcw defeat wwe which was also a more bigger war than this one.
I don't hate you John, I don't even dislike you, in fact, I actually do like you! I hate this idea that you're the best.... Because you're not. I am. I'm the best in the world.
Is cm punk actually coming back or is he just trying to hype up the new show he’s going to be in?
No you just added two diamonds to a mound of crap
Do u what wwe needs   Wwe needs to make their matches a bit hardcore .
CM Punk was treated like crap, just like Bryan Danielson.  I hate this mindset that says you have to be at least 6'2" to be a "superstar"
I don’t think it’s going to make much difference. They have misused much of the ex wwe talent so far. Punk’s not wrestled in ages and lost his mystic after ufc. If used correctly it could be awesome but I don’t think aew will use them correctly. The business needs to change ad evolve once more. UFC do pro wrestling better than pro wrestling.
Who is the 3rd man???
Awe is still trash it's not wrestling it's a circus and you clearly are on Tony khan's pay roll .
Fatal 4-Way Bryan vs. Punk vs. Omega vs. Jay White AEW, make it happen!
im honestly happy wrestling outside of wwe is exciting. There always was a stigma that you cant make it or you cant achieve unless youre in wwe. Now, especially since those firings in WWE. Those wrestlers have a fire inside of them that I havent seen. Its honestly exciting. I really want CM Punk and Bryan Danielson to go to AEW. I really feel a lot of wrestling fans dont want to admit to how bad WWE is as a company for whatever reasons that may be. Its not the same as it was
I was a lapsed fan starting around 2013/2014. Paul White was enough for me to give AEW a real chance, even though he's not featured much. It just gave them the air of being a legit company other than WWE. Its a great way to get a big pop from a known star then say "while you're here check out these great wrestlers you didn't know." Now I'm back to watching WWE and I'm watching AEW every week. Wrestling is very different than 2014 when I stopped watching. "Business is about to pick up."
that thumbnail gmfu 😭🖕
"Wrestling MARKet" is an excellent way of putting it.
Don't be surprised if this doesn't do what everyone thinks it will. Oh, and how long before Punk gets sick of The Elite, and the games THEY play?
Brock vs Kenny Brock vs Wardlow Brock vs Cage Brock vs Good Brothers
I have a feeling AEW isn't gonna run these guys like dogs. I hope they both can keep their bodies healthy and they can enjoy what they do. Good look boys
AEW was great, until they decided to just be yet another WWE. The people who tuned in, tuned in because they were sick of ridiculous gimmick TV. It was a wrestling promotion, now they are doing horrible scripting and atrocious storylines. Hazah !!!
Living colour just started following AEW on Twitter and Instagram 👀
Imagine now if HHH didn't sign Samoa Joe back to NXT he would've gone to AEW I'm sure now that he is cleared to wrestle  Braun Strowman is also a rumour to go to AEW but with Bryan and Punk signings WWE is scared and are trying to convince him to stay (if I were him I would leave)  If Punk goes to AEW which it seems more and more true maybe AJ Lee will go with him that would really help the Women's division
Aew is still just the new tna and this proves it. This is just Kurt angle all over again.
That thumbnail 👀
I hope CM Punk swerves everyone & returns to WWE. Punk/Owens, Punk/Balor, Punk/McIntyre.. So many good matches to be had.
I'm excited at the prospect of having Punk and Danielson show up on AEW.  I just hope they can survive Tony's absolutely atrocious booking.  I really feel that if AEW fails, it will be because of Tony's booking or lack thereof.  MJF is an example.  He was the biggest heel in the business this time last year, now I don't care if I see him again and the program he's working with Jericho gets dumber by the week.  Good luck Punk and Danielson, you'll need it.
If Bryan and Punk show up in AEW nothing is off the table for that company. I predict when Bray Wyatts WWE contract expires he will be giving Boss man Tony Khan a call.. Mark my words..
Wwe fanboys are sick rn
This most def starts the BEEF frfr (not tony khans horrible disses) and WWE should Smackdown should move to Wednesday night to screw with them 🤣
If AEW ever landed Brock, then Vince would be in serious trouble
Well, I’m coming back
1:50
Lol the industry isn’t doing better. That’s the problem. And the numbers keep dropping.
If these rumours are true it is very much like when Hogan and Macho Man went to WCW.
I hope he offer Bryan and Punk the young bucks and Kenny's VP position so we can get some true great wrestling minds writing for.the AEW product
If aew doesnt manage to turn their product into a watchable one on a weekly basis for me, in 3 months after both punk and Brian have debuted, I'll lose all hope in aew. I've tried to watch it countless times, I hope this is it.
No matter who they sign, to keep fans they’re gonna have to get their botch machines at the middle and lower tiers fixed. It’s hard to watch a lot of the time because of the botches and how choreographed and awkward looking the matches are. I understand nobody’s perfect but jeez…. And also hopefully these guys going to AEW will help WWE get serious about the quality of their product as far as storylines and everything. It’s like they’re stuck on repeat…
Punk is the big news, Danielson is the cherry on top
As an aew fanboy I'm kinda worried about are. Yes I would love to see these two in aew but we are taking in too much than we can consume imo. It is a good thing to do risk wise though
AEW getting Bryan and Punk could really put them over the top. They already have a stout stable of new and old talent but man this would be a game changer similar to Hall and Nash going to WCW.
I tried watching AEW when it first started after about I'd say six months I was back to NXT. It honestly wasn't for me, felt like WCW in 2001 for me to be honest. I hope the news is true because the WWE is not going anywhere regardless of what happens, at this point I'd say if they can't make any sort of change with these two possible signings then you may as well as nothing will.
Please stop clickbaiting us asshole
Geez that fucking thumbnail made me think they have already debuted
i'm waiting for tickets to go to AEW when they come to NY..& if both CM Punk & Bryan Danielson are there..i will freak out lmao
i dont think cm punk or DB matter if they go to AEW like unless you know and love wrestleing they really arent special past prime zero main stream appeal it will help aew by a small amount
Punk is not showing up, and the Bryan thing is a fed storyline. You marks are being worked.
Is that thumbnail a real photo or a photoshop that looks so real
I love Simon's headslap thing.
LOVE AEW
Not excited for cm punk really... he is now washed out... and his stocks nose dived since his ufc fights.. lol
That fuckin' thumbnail.
A good time for the AEW/IMPACT/NJPW relationship is gonna get stronger and stronger
Started frothing at the mouth when I sqw that thumbnail
DB. Sure. Punk. Why?
I'd bring them both in at the same time. Together. Like the old ROH sorta first real Indy darlings coming to just wreck everything.
Would he still be able to use the name cm punk?
I want Bryan Danielson, but Punk is no good. The guy doesn't like wrestling anymore. He'll only do it for ridiculous amounts of money. What do you think that will do to the young guys in the locker room? Would it raise the ratings? Absolutely, but I can't say it's worth it if ego and toxicity starts destroying the company. Maybe just have a couple appearances, and that could be ok. Bryan would get along with everyone and have great matches.
Bryan I can see. Punk, I'll believe that when I see it
Try watching this with no volume. He looks like the world's worst sign language interpreter
I stopped watching in early 2000 because Hulk Hogan just broke wrestling IMO. Now 20 yrs later I watch again thanks to AEW
Punk said as much himself, Vince is the problem. If there's a chance CM Punk can regain his wrestling popularity in a company without Vince's meddling, there's a very real possibility he'll make the jump to AEW.
Wrestling timeline is all over the place like Loki
AEW is amazing
Aew still needs like 3 more shows for its program cause they got too many people in the company
Every since CM punks UFC run I stop caring.  Singing DB is fucking badass deal I would love to see Sting and BD have some sort of storyline
The description box says Daniel Ryan xD
You were right, I was wrong huge props to the All Mighty Simon Miller.  And long live Pro-Wrestling
Listening to Cult of Personality by Living Colour in anticipation.
I want to explode too ._.
They haven’t even signed anything and most likely won’t 😂
Nice
it really is not a game changer, the only people who still care about Punk are die hard fans that are already watching and I  don't honestly remember SD rating being particulerly up when Bryan was on, not to mention that he is not as popular as he used to be with casual fans. maybe a slight pumb in ratings if the news is indeed true to begin with and then it will go down again as time passes but thats it. When you think about some of the names TNA got back in the day or WCW for example this is nothing really
Simon you bald a**hole. Stop riding the coattails of Phillip N. Marx. He broke this story practically weeks ago.
Well this is the first whatculture video I've clicked on in a long time so I'd say Simon has got a point here
I'm a lapsed fan... can confirm I will come back for Bryan and Punk.
I want Simon zti g shirt
Now if only they could come to Hulu or netflix because cable is an over priced service now a days and not many people want it but if it comes to a live streaming service wwe will be gone real fast 😂
I mean, it’s nice to see CM Punk back if it goes through, but the “mother of all game changers” is a bit of an over shot. WCW getting Hogan was a “mother of all game changers” moment, this is more like when WCW got Bret Hart, which is to say nothing much will fundamentally change, and people will start losing interest in the new additions with in months, because AEW is crossing over too many talents way too rapidly.. like WCW did.
Bring back characters ffs !!!!
I don't think it makes a difference, WWE will always reign supreme.
Please for the love of the Wrestling world let these rumors of C.M Punk and Daniel Bryan signing with AEW be true this would be monumental
isn't this guy the same guy on Kayfabe news?
Let the d suckin begin!!
Shout out to Daniel for making the leap to aew at this point in his career it’s about putting on the best matches with the best talents from every promotion
All the aside when are they gonna build someone of their own though ?
That strategy DEFINITELY works. I never tuned in to AEW until Sting...and 6 months later haven't missed a Dynamite and I know the entire roster
Daniel bryan debuts in a.e.w……. Crowd dies down after a fashion……  “Ok thanks great to be here…..but i got some news……i didn’t come alone……i brought someone I’ve had chemistry with before in the ring…..someone you all wanted to see back for a long long time…welcome”…….points to gorilla……  A.J lee comes skipping down the aisle………..  Crowd dies down…..  A.j “i too did not come alone”………  Can only hope 😂
I am that lapsed fan. This would bring me back.
Simon is the version of Cesaro we all wanted. 😁
Just imagine punk and bryan help franky hunt down the elite that would amazing
If both of these guys actually show up in AEW within the next couple of weeks... this will be Scott Hall and Kevin Nash going to WCW and forming the NWO with Hulk Hogan levels of a game changer 😯
Still say i would love aew going to same time frame as wwe so we can have the nostaliga of the wrestling wars it beings out the best of both ... Aew allowing character control i think is a better idea than the route of bad decisions of wcw leading to their demise
I hate the click bate
So John Cena returned.  The Rock quit the fast and furious franchise to return to Wrestling. Daniel Bryan to Aew n CM Punk returning to the ring at aew. Wrestling is great again
Honestly, I don't see it as that big a deal (at least not as big as people make it seem). In the past both were big stars, but right now Bryan is the most relevant of the two, and they've barely used him recently.  It's not like when Hogan signed with WCW (I like both guys, but they aren't at that level of mainstream star power), or even Hall and Nash when they jumped over. This is more like a Bret Hart coming in after 8 months, or even Randy Savage coming over before that. It's big, but it's not course altering "we can now legit compete with the WWE" big.
This will be good for AEW but Punk is worth more in WWE.. This feels more like Angle going to TNA
bottom line is both companies product is trash for the most part, each company has a storyline maybe 2 that is carrying the shows. Unfortunately adding Punk and Bryan isn't going to change that, maybe the short term but not in the long term. Everyone keeps saying the two companies are competing with each other and they really aren't, just look at the tv schedule.
As an AEW fan with punk and d-bry getting signed, haters can't tell me nothing !!
Now wwe if Bray Wyatt doesn’t get a push I’m switching to aew -Booigefrmda4
In the grand scheme of things, it actually really doesn’t change the game. WWE will always be number one, it’s just a battle to see how close of a 2nd place AEW can get. Signing ex-WWE stars  and throwing money around left and right is proving that they really don’t have a longterm plan.
I've said it once I'll say it a thousand times CM Punk abandoned us he doesn't care about the fans f*** him
Bray, run to aew. Bray. Look the dark order needs you. They have lost their way. They need the eater of worlds. Bray v Page; aew title
it'll tune a few extra people in, just like Nick Gage, for diff reasons....
Well I believe this will destroy aee
Sorry, don't like it at all.  This is going back to the failed WCW and TNA playbook of trying to bring in the casuals by hiring ex-WWE stars.  For short-run ratings game it does huge damage to the long-range goal of the promotion, namely, to create its own brand with its own stars.  AEW is doing this very successfully.  There's a long list of young folk deservedly clamoring for title shots or title runs.  Bringing in Punk or Bryan or worse both blocks their paths to success.  They'll both be getting title shots and title runs, and lots of screen time.  Meanwhile, Hangman, OC, MJF, Jungle Boy, Sammy Guevara and others get pushed aside.    I wouldn't mind if they each come in and get a title shot at Omega and fail.  But Omega has to lose the title to one of the homegrown talents, or even Rusev who at least has the advantage of youth.  I'd like to see Omega lose the title late in 2021 to Hangman, OC Sammy or Jungle Boy, who then lose it within a few months to MJF who gets a full year with it.  MJF's time has come!   I really afraid these acquisitions would do irreparable damage to AEW.
Daniel Ryan in the description lol
What if all of this turns out to be jus a publicity stunt by tony khan the goof to jus amp up the ratings.??
As long as they're booked seriously and don't have to go along with stuff like little dog pockets shin kicking routine then it could work.
It's a bullseye
If Punk debuts in Chicago make sure it's open stadium or else roof will fall off.
Punk vs Omega Punk vs Sting Punk vs Cabana  Punk vs Hangman   This doesn’t even include the potential of New Japan matchups, which would no doubt be part of Punk’s deal. The possibilities are endless.
You know WWE is praying the rock agrees to return. I'm gonna watch AEW for two weeks if these romous are true then go back to WWE.
Don’t care + arrest Penaldo 😡😡
To be completely honest, I only watch ups and downs and news about AEW. But with Malikai Black. And if Cm Punk And Brian Danielson go to AEW. I will start watching AEW. So they are doing something right
If I were to watch AEW for the first time and didn't know the history I would think AEW is the spiritual successor to WCW
If the rumors are true AEW is getting 2 of the most beloved wrestlers today, maybe of all time. WWE needs to step it up, mostly on Raw. Smackdown is pretty great and NXT has some of the best pure wrestling out there
Punk should wrestle with aew ..if not Wwe will just continue to release their stars and be complaisant about their status..this will surely challenge the creatives of wwe to come up with something that will match aew
Who is Daniel Ryan?
AEW : We are just getting started🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥❤️❤️❤️
Imagine telling someone 5 years ago that a matchup between CM Punk vs Sting was possible...
If he comes out to any song besides Cult of Personality I will be severely disappointed.
I’m far more excited for a potential return of CM Punk, than I am for the return of either John Cena or The Rock.
We are getting good old wrestling days back.
Punk was one of my favorite wrestlers but honestly it's to late for me at this point..but would love to play as him on the AEW video games that's for sure!
It's not going to put wwe out of business
Title- AEW HAS done Topic- AEW could/may have..  The click of the bait
when its a video featuring big miller i click!!
To many WWe guys in Aew …Aew needs home grown talent like impact did and and still doing so Aew keep getting all the fired Wwe talent now it looks like a baby raw
Since AEW came on the scene, however good it is, I spent only 10% of my time watching it, still a WWE fan. But if Tony hires Danielson and Phil, I am all time AEW fan for ever
Bryan and Punk to AEW is a real game changer for that company. It's also very interesting to see what these wrestlers will do in a brand new environment.  Cena and Rock to WWE doesn't feel as special, despite their immense star power, since they've done things like this before and their appearances are short term things.
Simon Miller & WhatCulture are the best!
Thumbnail is litttt
CM Punk was my childhood hero. If Punk comes back, I’ll start watching wrestling again.
The way that wwe just won't give Edge that last title run i wish he followed Christian
AEW's answer to John Cena and Edge
Watch AEW debut Punk and Bryan as The Best and The Beard!
The lapsed fan is just watching Ups & Downs.
Nice thumbnail
*IT WAS AT THIS MOMENT WWE KNEW, THEY ****** *UP*
well cm punk just signed his aew contract monday
yea wwe is trying to stop braun strowman from going to aew by trying to trick him into a new contract
Bullshit. Aew shit money Mark. Wrestling is fucking dead
This is like wen Scott hall,hogan and Nash left lol
They could pull off an nwo type angle here.. makes sense to me. Cody is the third man and the Bischoff type being an Evp.
AEW using the rumors of them coming to AEW to sale tickets?
I actually didn’t like that they announced beforehand that Bryan was coming back from forced retirement. I know it was done to pop ratings. But I miss the legit surprise return.
I thought the Repo Man was coming at I thought all Elite wrestling this is bigger news CM Punk and Bryan Danielson the American Dragon I love to see Punk in elite  or dark order  same with  Bryan
arthur asch sold out (by sold out i mean there are seats left for over $500) so fast i got stuck in the last damn row.....
i won't blame Daniel Bryan, they really buried him, Roman start to buried superstars ,lmao
I hope this makes aew tons of money. Also the background music sounds like the persona 2 battle music
Yeah, Goldberg will so make people wanna watch 👎
Talking facts
CM Punk become new leader of  America’s Bullet Club stable
"Let's kill the 2 biggest potential pops of the year by telling everyone weeks in advance, I sure do good for wrestling!!" ~whoever leaked these
If Punk gets back in a wrestling ring I'm there
I hope CM.Punk brings back the pepsi plunge.
Doesn't anyone wonder what 7 yrs of ring rust is gonna look like for Punk?
Not to mention Bullet Club vs Elite, Jay White vs Omega, and Archer vs Moxley II happening at fyter fest for a NJPW belt! AEW has ripped down the forbidden door. WWE is cool, and I was happy to see Cena and crazy uncle Bill and Rock was my favorite wrestler so yeah I'm in... but with the new faces and the legends and the presentation, and the intensity of the matches... i gotta go with Tony and the AEW/ NJPW/ Impact wrestleverse.
AEW getting D-Bryan and Punk would be good if they can pull their weight. I potentially could view it as a Hall and Nash deal minus their bullshit. Either way, if I am right or wrong this sure will be interesting.
Hearing the Final Countdown again will be Awesome. CM Punk not so much.
I'll be very excited to be tuning in to both AEW and WWE...when this actually happens of course
I know I'm in the minority but f*ck CM Punk.
This is a Hogan signing for WCW moment . . . and they may have done it twice at the same time.
as the young man I am, I grew up with the Summer of Punk, it's what got me into wrestling. my original Instagram @ was CM_Punk_4422 for crying out loud. If he returned that would fully get me back into wrestling.
This definitely worked. I only tune into AEW very sparingly, despite knowing the product is usually really good. But I'm now going to watch every week for these 2 to show up
Hope this makes wwe bring the best out of them, Competition is always best for the viewers, loving this..
It's a shame we'll never have Daniel Bryan vs Pete Dunne but him and Cm Punk in AEW will be huge for the wrestling world
If this happens, I might have to start watching wrestling again.
I won't be surprised if vince sent some ppl to AEW to purposely destroy the company and paying them plus the money they receive from Khan
I can't agree with Simon about wanting the WWE to explode. This is reminiscent of the WWF exodus to WCW in the early 90's. Hopefully AEW finally buries Vince McMahon and this has a different ending.
Who still gives a shit about punk he's not as good as people make him seem
They had me on the thumbnail not gonna lie!
My issues with WWE are with Corporate. If they simply put on shows I thought sucked, but weren't firing massive amounts of people in a global pandemic or taking Saudi Blood Money, I simply would not care about how well they do against AEW, like all the other promotions in the world.
It's all fun and games untill wwe and aew literally explode... And i mean literally
Love to see them both back were great in WWE and could make AEW a bigger rival and would be great for wrestling to see them back.
Hope ya'll don't have hard-ons for nothin! 😆
If this doesn’t turn out to be true then I legitimately got trust issues cause even omega is talking about it like it’s gonna happen
It's not going to get more people to watch though it's not going to get new eyes on the show either
But Daniel Bryan will still be on Total Bella's Right???
Rumors rumors rumors
Aew needs a warning before there shows stating the executives views towards child sex offenders aren't the same as ours 🤷🤷
AEW needs to sign Ryback to feud with Punk now.
How do I invest in AEW I want a piece of this pie!!?
How about AEW creates more of their own stars instead of working off the lingering fumes of past stars??  Honestly, how much longer do you expect the "famous stars" to last after they get signed, it's not like they can wrestle like they once did, their prime days have passed.
Sounds like AEWs All Friends Wrestling (Corny calls it that, lol) might just be what the dr ordered for CM Punk
You might want to at least wait until the two aforementioned wrestlers are  officially confirmed before releasing this video. You'll look foolish if it doesn't happen
As a wrestling fan I'm just excited with what the future holds. I don't think AEW need them but I think they could have some great matches. I don't think WWE need Cena or the Rock either but I think they could have some great stories with them. I'm just generally excited!
Simon is What Culture.... Just rename it Simon Culture
The fact that AEW with just 1 network tv show is considered a threat to WWE, which has a network tv show on every weekday but Wednesday, shows how far WWE has fallen and how quickly AEW is rising.
Idk why but I have a feeling punks not gonna sign.  And if he does I see an invasion angle.
D Bry and Punk on AEW? Well, WWE is gonna get smushed.
I honestly don't care if Punk comes back to wrestling. He seriously seems like he's moved on. He was overhyped in WWE and what happened after WWE he ruined his legacy getting destroyed in UFC. Having the rumor mill churn every few months doesn't help either.  Plus last time AEW had a "surprise signing" who did it turn out to be?? Paul Wight (Big Show) and Christian Cage. Lackluster at best.  AEW needs to create new stars, not work off the lingering fumes of past stars.
"I want everybody to explode." - Simon Miller, 2021
Still I'll believe it when i see it especially when it comes to punk
These are the biggest news/rumors since rumors of aj styles going to wwe
I finally dived in and watched aew this week, thought it was very good, probably needs people like punk and Bryan to go to the next level, but yeah fair play good product
Neither one of these are facts yet. So why is everyone taking fits over rumors. Just wait until the facts are in
Until it ain't in ring and not only for one night etc I'm not believing
I personally think AEW has to be the best thing that has happened to wwe tbh other then wcw i think no one really forced WWE to really had to push for proper writting etc. now that the fans are back i think AEW is geniunely gonna force wwe to up their game
I don't think it will happen
Awww he must be loving this. AEW taking more WWE talent
AEW is the Super Smash Bros of wrestling with all these talent
If punk goes to aew looks like I’m gonna start watching aew
So is it not confirmed
Fukc WWE.  Fukc BLM  Fukc soyboys.
simon "i want wwe to explode i want aew to explode i want everyone to explode while doing tombstones "
That thumbnail
I absolutely stopped watching wwe in 16 went to njp then aew showed up and I was back. Aew brought this lapsed fane back
Who's Daniel Ryan? ( check the description)
Extrañé ver a Simon golpear su cabeza para que me explique el porqué.
Bryan is still phenomenal, shows with how much he offered in the WM match. Never got the hype with Punk. Was just a one hit wonder. Ratings won’t go up that much, they didn’t when either were on top in WWE, but you will have some good stuff going.
Can WWE trademark the word YES?
These two won't change anything, no one outside of Wrestling fans know who these two are, they didn't draw in WWE.
This is like macho man and hulk hogan going to WCW
This is like when KD joined the Warriors. The Warriors needed KD, because despite how great the Warriors already were, they never quite had a Thanos-type of closer. Steph is more a Loki type. KD gave them a world-ender, when before they were just killers. AEW needs Punk. They need an American Dragon.
Sting vs CM Punk CM Punk vs Darby
It's still crazy to think that Daniel Bryan who was in the main event of Wrestlemania just about 4 months ago is now (almost) in AEW.
can i request that Simon wears even less shirt in the next video?  asking for a friend
Not bad for a pissant company, right.
Wwe is gonna have to come on with it aew is going a 100mph and ain't stopping i love it
I wonder who the Clarkson Hammond and May of whatculture are
I'm seriously not a fan of what AEW is offering but I do want them to succeed.  As such I'm very excited about the whole Bryan/Punk thing.
I'm gonna get back to watching after 5 years just bc of punk and Bryan.
Punk & Bryan going to AEW isn’t gonna kill off WWE, lol sure AEW will get some recognition, but it’s not gonna kill off WWE
I really hope these Punk/Bryan AEW rumours turn out to be true. Or else every wrestling youtuber will feel really silly for hyping everyone up so much.
Who else is surprised punk is back
I honestly thought punk would never wrestle butt if this happens I would love it is good for the business
Fifth
កបសងវិញផង
Johnny sins fans
Why?!? Heres why
First
