ECHO be like 🦇
I call her vintage 😂😂😂
0:42 song name?
man what the hell is that intro song it lowkey peak
What is this song in the intro called
Vantage is so good as lookout but its so sad some places are out of bounds which makes it so she is pretty close to the ground when using her ult but luckily her tac is good for mobility
Yes
And since they stoped making legend heirloom vantage still doesn’t have hers 😭
Ain't no one ever actually uses vantage
I hate vantage, i hate the way she talks, i hate the way she walks, i hate the way she looks, i hate her players, i hate her mom
they make so many unimportant and uninteresting characters she does exactly like Crypto but worse
My squad recommendation for vantage is her plus bangalore plus newcastle
bump initial shot damage from 50 to 75 adn second shot damage from 100 to 115
Starts at 2:36 but nice intro
I know im late but the planet AN ICE PLANET CALLED PAGOS PAGOS MEANS ICE IN GREEK so yeah very smart naming decision
When vantage has a third weapon “Her ultimate is essentially a third weapon on command, and I love it”  When Ballistic has a third weapon “It’s kinda weak”
Season 37 is gonna be lit.
You can actually carbon date this video based on the morbius jokes
1 year already man thats wild
Damn this was released exactly a year ago how time flies
Mac and Ro backstory
Honestly I forget vantage is even in this game sometimes she's just there you know
Nah bro, COD: warzone should add Vantage but it’s called "Gantage" and every camper uses it 💀
Only 2 more levels till i can be able to buy her 😭
What’s the intro song name
Its not that the echo relocation joke is repetitive its that literally is the joke of the abilities name its not just unoriginal its unoriginal and the original went over there head.
I love her sniper because now I can run shotgun, and smg and still have some long range
I play vantage just because cute  animal pet 🦇
I've been maining vantage for the past week and she's rlly good
Chamber? from valorant? has a quick get away, and has a self made sniper to just pull out
Did you forget that the Spitfire uses light ammo
as a sniper fan, i do love it
Guys guys help,should i buy vantage or newcastle?
i think shes kind of easy to play and a minor buff woud be good
She needs a buff
FUN FACT pagos is ice in greek
I might actually comeback for this. I stop playing because I got to angry, if I had know that we got a sniper lengend I could have stayed.
I wish Respawn cared as much about its lore as this channel.
I play with someone who cant win a 1v1 with a bot but can finish a game with 700+ damage just using the sniper! Shows how easy she is to play! She wont get you a win but shes a go too for trash players
I'd appreciate it as a lifeline main if you remade the Lifeline for noobs, since she has changed a lot since the last video, and is now sort of outdated. -still waiting for respawn to buff her T^T
I have a question who is ur main?
Who else saw the fake pred icon at 2:49
Me as an apex mobile player i should wait 3years😂😂😂
I still can't tell where or how her passive indicates where the bullets will drop.
6:35 lmfao, kraber mains from tf2 will enjoy this
She will probs get nerfs soon
Bro low key, vantage looks like the ice age baby grown up
vantage ultimate rework idea you have to find special sniper ammo around the map to use the ultimate and you can get the a full five bullets from care packages and random finds only give one or the old way
Vantage is like a more legal form of aimboting...without the aimbot
What is the song used at the start?
pogos? pog....
Fun fact: pagos in Greek means ice
Oh so they have their own chamber now
They couldn't get an original name for an *ice* planet so they used the greek word for *ice* 💀💀💀
morbius
chamber of apex
I would say Vantage is a pretty great legend to play. The only issue I have is that her whole character and personality are so boring.
"Bum bum bum laser Bum bum bum laser Bum bum bum laser"
wait, how did u do the outro of the intro?
WHERE IS THE LINK FOR THE MUSIC AAAAAA
Mei for noobs
sniper from tf2 in apex????
Hey is it okay if i make a for noobs series on like FNF,FNaF,Undertale,Deltarune,Bendy,Among Us,And EpIc game like those??
Sheeeee
Macro what is that music u played for the vantage for noobs text
Can we all appreciate how he crashed his car for a skit omg😮
I saw the photo of vantage at the end at the marking and a had to draw it
7:18 wats you tink LEARN GRAMMER
I play on Xbox but dunno how to toggle the spinner lens
4:41 oh, I was wondering why people keep running when I try to snipe them... Now it makes sense...
chamber diff
What the fuck more than 2 mins in and still no info about the new legend.
Shes great for solo ranked. Escape when you have to, free information and you can steal kills from crazy far away and then rat for some RP
1:08 she does lack social skills one convo with mirage showed that lol.
The baking cookies with a muffin tray always gets me
Just a couple of level ups and she’s mine :D
Buuf
I want another poison based character theat the tactical is like a mini cloud of poison that applies a tick of 3 damage for 10 seconds but can be cleansed with a battery or med kit small or big the ult would be contagion you get two poison bombs that can be thrown and if they get near there teammate the contagion can spread there the team last 20 second for 3 damage does not stack with tactical and only cleansed with big Medkit for half the time it would take to heal if you have full shield neither does true damage but more so corrodes the enemy or switch the tactical with a dot effect on the gun like and infected mag based on base damage snipers get a damage tick of 1 for 5 to 10 second and ar and smg guns 1 damage for 2 to 4 stacks up to five times on enemies and only last on that magazine of the gun kind of like the sentinel battery think the passive would be corrosive touch his melee would have a dot damage of 1 damage for 5 second stacks only 3 times he would be a skinny legend that does not look healthy do to all the toxic chemicals he is near and has a gas mask like the old elephant looking ones form the world wars
4:37 ma man is preeed
Oh macro ,you poor boy those aren’t vantage lazars they are man vs machine lazars
I feel like she needs a minor buff. Maybe like since she's a sniper specialist in her hands sniper class weapons (except for the wingman I guess) reload just a little bit faster since she trained with them mostly. Or maybe the bat scans for her in a small radius once so that you don't accidentally jump into an ambush. Idk just some minor stuff
I like her design and her kit (when not playing against it), but by god sometimes I wish she would just shut the hell up, she's the first legend I find legit grating at times.
Me now feeling like a confidently skilled vantage: WRITE THAT DOWN, WRITE THAT DOWN
What happened to the og music you used
0:18 macro was that a damn el camino??!!????
Pc… the 360 is impossible on console.. at least like that. Also we don’t have tap strafing. Pc is easier to use.
i played hr the whole dsy today so fun
“You want to play? Let’s play”
I believe snipers mark should be buffed from 50 base damage to 100 base damage. Because you would expect an ultimate ability to have more damage. Especially when the ult takes so darn long for full charge.
Amazing intro dude
Players cannot accept that echo aint cute and nerf vantage.
3:56 U DESERVED DAT MARO
Why the maccaroni changed the intro music
I think my favorite thing about vantage is the sound her sniper makes. Idk how to describe it it’s lowkey like asmr
She’s definitely medium to play
A joke that me and my friends came up with was calling the vantage "the flying rat lady" or "disadvantage" (we had been making quick work of day one vantages that day) and then one of us called echo "fly-rat" which then devolved into calling echo "Francis Lyrat" and ever since then I've never been able to call that bat by its actual name
Prey their with level 3 shields. Full team alive
I don’t understand eco what does he do I just got this legend
Love it to have close and midrange weapons and a third(snioer) for long range
I actually like the hit movie mor- oh god milo no leave me alone stop no
honestly i would love to see her sniper not do 50 on body and mark them like seers kit and maybe even make it when she uses a sniper it does more damage.
Bro i like vantage but the time it takes to get sniper shots is way too fast man
Has anyone had a issue of not having a cool down after you use Vantage's tac? I love the legend but I can't bring myself to play her with not knowing when I'll have my tac back reliably.
bro has a whole ElCameno
and in conclusion, titanfall 2 more fun.
Nerfs
2:44+
Please make youtube short of this video that ends at 0:38.
She's op
I think is op and needs nerf, EA should make her ult charge like all the others, wen you pull out the sniper your ult drains slowly and have one powerful bullet that can destroy 2.5 bars of armor and drain the 5% or 10% of your remaining health
Season 37 here abilities- Tactical” ice” passive “idk ultimate” nuke idk”
Her ultimate is really similar to chamber’s from valorant
bro callin me a noobs when vantage hasnt even been out for a month yet, GIVE ME A BREAK FAM XD
*cough* needs aim *cough cough* I suck
Noob
I’m a mood so this is go for me
6:28 I like the octanes name
love the carter ace in your intro
Also everyone says bangalores gun is a r301 it's a longbow 1😒
Star Wars hunters for noobs
I loved that scene from the vantages trailer is when she got downed then echo said "it's echoing time" and totally echoed all over the enemies.
for two seasons fat acceptance now. woke devs
"You want to play? Lets pl-"  Oh wait nvm different game
KAY/O for Noobs (Valorant)?
holy shit apex grew up. haven’t played since S5
Im not gonna lie, i think Vantage is quite balanced. Although a reasonable change i feel like we will be seeing is lowering the damage of the sniper by like 25 damage (50-25 100-75). Otherwise, shes a solid legend
Why tf they removed selve revive man... Was so epic always
you say most are and some you use so aint you a noob as well lmao
Poggos
What happened to the funny macro
Legend idea: Surge. Passive ideas. Able to turn energy ammo into bullets for a turret on his arm. Able to super jump with his prosthetic legs by crouching and holding then pressing jump while crouching. Tactical homing missle that homes in on target enemy with splash damage and when it lands It spreads into multiple explosives on the floor. Ultimate   endothermic shield surge sucks up half of all shields in the area meaning if there is a purple shield it goes to two bars and so on. Surge will then spread it around his as temporary shield and there enemy damage is decreased so the shields are useful.
chamber in apex
Macro what passive do u think pathfinder should get
New legend: **is all about snipers**  Og Pubg players: *IT'S HIGH NOON*
Macro I think you would love rumbleverse please try it out!
remember when respawn said that they didn’t want legends to be able to kill people with their abilities…
3:45 I see you are a man of culture
"Her name is Mara." Ghostrunner fans (like me): IS THAT A MOTHERF**KING GHOSTRUNNER REFERENCE?
Spitfire uses light ammoooooooo
https://youtu.be/lkk8g4vZ2sE
I used to watch you so much lmao idk how norwhy I stopped.. lmao
How tf do u find a bat cute?
Why in all of your vantage clips are you not zooming in 😭
her ult is a rip of chamber change my minds
Macro don’t worry u aren’t the only one who has tried many tactics to kill echo😀
pov: you live in ohio
I love vantage and I've been playing her alot and the only issue I have it how weak her sniper it and I think the damage needs a little buff but not to mutch
3:42 that muzzle flash flash banged me
Considering I’m the sniper for my team I’m a need this
FEM sniper daym professionals have standers
I carry another sniper so I can scope without the Lazer
Don’t starve together for noobs
Hi macro I have finally got a phone and have finally subbed you are one of if not the best YouTubers in the world and I hope they means a lot I have been watching you’re content for 3 years and it has never got boring at all. You have helped me in the past and even right now with my family troubles and i probably wood have cried every day if it wasn’t for your content thank you for making me happy for all of these years. Luca
Can u maybe fo jump force for noob I wanna hear your take on it and even though it recently got delisted I think it might be worth it and I wanna hear what u think about the animation style
what does it mean when u echo lands on u (not playing vantage) ? it happened to me when i was playing bloodhound and scared the crap out of me lol
I know this comment will be buried but TruNoom recently showed a stream of me on his stream so I am asking for likes so that macro can notice me so I can get in touch with Tru so that I can politely tell him that he is mean
I ain't bad at sniping I just can't hit the high mobility characters because they are too fast for my brain.
pov you no a kid thats named turner munch
i've found she comboes very well with legends with mobility potential like octane's jumppad or wraith's portal, because you can do sniper support while your teammates push, and then push with a combination of jumppad/portal/zipline/whatever the hell you want and echo (cutest thing in the world) i've found that running an smg and a sniper fits my playstyle with her best
I think she’s not super op or bad. Me and my friends have been so mad tho cuz EVERYONE plays her and it’s just annoying.
Don’t be mad you probably get your ass beamed by her in every match…. Maybe you’re the noob
I know I’m 8 days late to see this video but you should make a Rumbleverse for noobs video.
Every one who uses vantage in my ranked lobbies just runs away from fights so basically another loba on the team to throw.🤦‍♂️😂
Encyclopedia outlandica is a reference to Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy referencing to Encyclopedia Galactica.
tbh her sniper is overpowered
Don't buff or nerf vantage
You didn't mention that you can put heatshields on echo ad create a movable heatshield
I used to main valk until the buff😭
She's basically everything I personally ever wanted in my playstyle. She can hit the ring beacons, she provides USEFUL INTEL on enemies, she can hit, she can 'nope out'  She's this REALLY great Legend, and it sounds like so far all the pros are mad because she's not a bum rusher. Actually, pros got Maggie and they slept on her.   Vantage is fun, a cautious play, and I think is a nice between of learning curve and ease of passage for noobs. Shit I came back to Apex after skipping a season and a half and she felt buttery smooth.
Yo what’s the name of the outdo song
You should try rumbleverse it’s insanely fun
I hope a pilot from titan fall2 joins the game maybe someone who can turn invis
Mr m here
2:37
I hate this character so much
Macro why is your profile looking left but your live Account is looking right
ORISA FOR NOOBS??!!
When are you gunna do rumble versus
PALADINS FOR NOOBS PLSSS
Everyone is bad for is guy p As fortnight
Vantage!!!
Morbius
What if Macro did valorant agents for noobs
She’s good I don’t play her a slight buff wouldn’t hurt
“POG-os”
Fun fact nobody asked for: Pagos means ice in Greek
Do a tier list of legends
come on make soldier 76 or moira for noob. from overwatch 2 please. if you make a next video that is not soldier 76 or moira.i am going to send 3 hit-monkey to beat you up for it
this is truly the best echo
RESPWAN just give jack cooper and bt
Hey macro! a new mobile exclusive  character has been added to the mobile version since your last vid.Her name is  Rhapsody.so...can you make a vid. on her?
How could you missed out the fact that our boi volt smg is back and it's ground loot.
I’m sick of u saying all of them of noobs …. Your the noob
Damn they got the Chamber ultimate fr
Infinity wa-..I mean Respawn remembered their roots, and that sniping is the most stylish way to kill people in games
God what's up with games putting thicc characters named Mara in games. Modern warfare did it now Apex
That mexican blanket needs an animal on it.
morbiuds
WE NEED ESCAPE FROM TARKOV FOR NOOBS
Sorry 4 saying de same stuff
Macro can you and make a video of TMNT shedders revenge it got me into ninja turtles
Macro can u make a video about TMNT shedders revenge it got me into ninja turtles
Man I can't wait for season 20 hopefully we get a movement type legend like octane...just less ya know cocaine
Pagos means ice in greek. Just sprinkling some facts
Bruh the "they grow up so fast" sent me to some awful nostalgia
You say every character is for noobs
I think vantage can be really good in the right hands, for example people who use snipers and know how snipers work in apex will love her sniper and how she can easily move from place to place and I think she can give a good chance for people just starting out who want to learn how snipers work but if someone who plays her super aggressive and pushes in a lot they might struggle a little bit
if you ever do valorant content I would like to see jett for noobs first
Wait you copied cassette my favorite youtuber
Honestly the only thing I don't like about Vantage is that you can't cancel the echo relocation
As sentnal idk how to spell it but the sniper being my fav gun I thing I’m gonna love her
if pagos map came in rotation will be lit
That thumbnail just fills me with rage
Vantage is the perfect legend for me, her passive makes sniping easier and makes it easier to see targets at range (bc im blind af), a fun and versitile movement ability, and a third very powerfull weapon that you dont need to find ammo for (im so bad at balancing my ammo lmao) she litterally covers all my weaknesses except aim 😅
He really tied to treat echo like cryptos drone 😭😭 haha I had assumed you can’t harm the little guy
ez to play but hard to master (ult aim)
Didn't play Apex for a month, the longest time since I started in season 9. Picking it up again and playing vantage, along with all the season 14 changed has really breathed life back into the game for me! She's in a really good spot.
They're probably going to reduce the damage increase with her mark but other then that she's pretty balanced for apex's standards of balance
T.his sniper is inspired from guns of boom mobile and cod mobile. nd reminds me of chamber from valorant
since i haven’t seen anyone say this, and for those that can, putting your scope on a nearby wall or cover doesn’t show your laser  sight if you want to shoot someone, quickly readjust and shoot mfs—also, the sniper shots have crazy big projectile size, so hitting targets feels like it has bullet magnetism making hitting targets easier
So boring walking through a choke point and having 6 teams all have sights on you from every single angle... the game is just about who gets to the most op sniper choke points now...
like tf2 sniper with the dot
Shaggy for noobs
Macro I'm waiting for that rumbleverse for noobs
we only have 4 characters facing the opposite direction, why?
Wait, does that mean Mirage is a counter to Vantage? Yes! A win for Mirage gang!
Don't put your trust in men- put your trust in God. Jesus is coming soon and it's time to repent. We are all sinners in need of a Savior. No one is perfect. We cannot earn salvation. It is a free gift from God. Mary doesn't save you, confessing to a priest doesn't save you, religion doesn't save you, self-help doesn't save you, meditating doesn't save you, Buddha doesn't save you. Only faith in Jesus' death, burial, and resurrection saves you. The Father gave His only begotten Son to die for our sins, and whoever believes in Him will not perish but have eternal life. Cry out to Him now. He loves you so much... but He won't force Himself on you. True love allows freedom to choose. If you don't want Him, He'll give you what you want - eternity without Him in hell. If you genuinely admit you're a sinner and need His sacrifice to pay for your sins, He will cover your debt and give you life forever with Him in heaven. I hope and pray that you choose life.   This is realer than you could ever imagine.
please apex mobile again cuz there's a new legend that isnt on pc and mobile
macro, wats the name from the "ventage for noobs" song. Cheers from Argentina
Makes you wonder when are the adding Titan fall 2 main character Coper 😂😅🥲🥹🥺😢😭
You can't ban mirage
Macro plz do a video on rumbleverse
great a new chamber...
Sheila laser: am i a joke to you?
Legends for noobs
Rumbleversus for NOOBS pls ?
When you use echo, you can’t use weapons for like 3 seconds, that needs reducing
So tap strafing on console works now?
I think they’re in a good spot personally- I must say though if you play on Switch and aren’t using the TV their tactical is a life send!
🦇
What do you mean one of the cutest the cutest
First time here just wanted to say amazing content insta subbed
Hiiiii
What's the science of the echo relocation  Does it have some sifi bs? Im so f*******g confused
How many windows does your house have?? Edit: this comment is because of the amount of sniper lasers pointing at him indoors and not an assassination attempt on a YouTuber
Where's Rumbleverse for NOOBS?
I love it when they make themselves look stupider than they already are missing their snipe shot 😂
Yeah but like how will vantage effect lebrons legacy 🤔
Homeschool kids 😯
The laser confused him with actual trash
who changed the for noobs music ??? :(
It’s cute that macro thinks it’s gonna be season 37! Watch it be like season 22
Legends say he’s still getting aimed at by a lazar
considering the ttk i want her dmg bonus nerfed
I can't believe they added the most character in the Morbverse: Morbius
macro can you soljourn for noobs i have overwatch 2 and she is really fun
song at 0:48 ?
I got destroyed by a vantage nerfs
Thanks lord they stop playing Valkyrie
Nerf for eco so you could shoot it or it would have a shield and when it brakes eco will come back to vantage
Can't believe you're doing us homeschool kids like this Macro. XD
I hope they nerf echo beach use than what’s the point of using octane ult?
I miss the old theme music macro used to do so much
Bro playing pet simulate x
10/10 introduction
Morbius
bruh, the echo location joke had me rolling! I used her so much the first day, I want to quit every time I get one on my team.
What happened to the classic tune from the older for noobs
FINALLY A NEW FREAKING VIDEO
not the ''lol jk'' predator XD
Just the desperados2 song in the background 😂👌only the legends have played this game and know this:)
She gets you in your sleep? That is ice cold right there.
please make more titanfall2 vids the servers are back
This legend is the chamber of Apex legends 😂
i mean im homeschooled and damn im getting roasted i mean its true but lol
You're not funny anymore unsubscribe bye
Does vantages ultimate charge faster than normal bcz of the ammo system? It could confirm or deny whether I buy her if someone can confirm
for noob girls
Pro tip for Ya Noobs if you look up with your KO shield its the best way to block incoming damage
Pro tip for Ya Noobs if you look up with your KO shield its the best way to block incoming damage
can you pls do a legend tier list
Macro idk if you read comments but could you make a video on ark I’m a fan and have been sense top 100 overwatch characters
1:44💀
Me and my friend realized the Vantage New castle combo a little while ago it felt dirty the ability to reposition and fortify the entire squid feels busted
Yo listen man I got one question, Where be forge for noobs, C'mon man I've been waiting since season 3!
I'm fresh off my first three games as her and she's my new main tbh. I've grown to love snipers too much to not like basically all of her kit.
I’m highly focused on that 1986 el camino
Btw… u gotta nice house bro
i never played apex since season 2 but i still watch your videos macro
Honestly love vantage
Bruhs ult is just chambers from valorant💀💀💀💀
My poor man crypto 😢
Okay, so... this is the first video of yours that I've seen. You're funny as hell and have a new sub.
Little too op and makes some characters nearly useless. Kinda disappointed but it’s whatever. The real BS is the wingman using sniper ammo.
i think i figured out who catalyst is in apex legends.               vantages mother!!!
What I’ve learned from playing vantage is aim the sniper scope at an object just in front or beside you, you can still see but nobody will see a giant laser until you fire at a team.
*Insert Chamber joke here*
Cant wait to see her mom in season 37
SHE NEEDS BUFFS!! we need people to stop complaining about how op she, why not instead unlock her and play her if shes so op, cause you could be just as op instead
I really like her a lot. She fits my play style well. BUT everyone takes her so her similar play style has guided me back to my OG main, Pathfinder.
In my opinion I think vantage as a mordecai knockoff from borderlands
I love everything about vantage except her voice lines like shut up your not funny
Woooooooooow macro really out here flexing the tesla
Echo looks like a Dreamworks bat
Bro why the fuck did they do that to the fucking wingman holy shit
0:20 thats a nice muscle car
I my opinion they should make the recharge for echo faster but other than that she is actually a perfect legend for new players and I hope to see her in ranked play
Love how macro plays easily the most over rated br then has the balls to call warzone overrated
Woneder how echo fells after being used as a boost
So basically she has Chamber ult from Valorant xD
Yay Morbius sniper for noobs came out
Now I can't wait for *Disadvantage* which literally Delete Legends Abilities
Love the ranchero!!  I have a 77 gt !  Yours looks like the torino style !
Newcastle vantage and life line go brrrrrrr
valo content when
Dude shes so broken. i literally won a game by just picking up ultimate accellarents. No guns, just ultimate.
No Carter Ace I think I'm normal?🥺 That intro threw off my vibe " *HARD* Good video tho
It’s morbin time
YOU need to buff
Echo for noobs
ITS MORBIN' TIME
Ana Pharah Situation
you want to play, let’s play
its morbin time
That wasn't a 360..... YOUR JUST LIKE PAPA
Macro got a Tesla??!
Bruh this legend will get nerfs
The ult it so annoying I have to play like its hide and seek
Something else I have found with Vantage is that when you ping an enemy Echo (because you can do that) the ping and outline remains, even if you recall them, so if you think an enemy has already pinged Echo, recall them at your own risk
Macro… FOR NOOBS
Hi
So we not gon talk about how he changed his legendary for noobs theme?
Would be cool if they buff  kraber and give it a laser sight or a scan sympol so it can still 1 shot headshot
Lasers are on the smgs too smh
I honestly think that she needs a buff to become ranked material  Not a big one but she's not really a very viable option rn
Macro NEEDS to do a hunt showdown 4 noobs. PLS Marco is U see this.
I love this video but what is that intro song called that’s a banger
Me who can't get any tokens when leveling up :lol
she definitely needs a nerf her sniper either needs more bullet drop, slower bullet speed, or less damage. that or get rid of the bullet drop marker since it really only helps other snipers.
man i have the same book
You wanna show what happened after the clip? 5:58
vantage is the hottest legend tbh
Hey man, I was watching your old videos and in your Loba for noobs video you said that you’d make a mirage 2.0 for noobs. I don’t main him but idk if you made that video already
so a good nerf for her i instantly thought of, if your super dumb and forget to recall echo (echo has about the same amount of health as a prowler or maybe half that) echo has to be recovered with a simple tap or a held button when echo is tooken down echo marks the location of the killer.
They’ll probably have to nerf her, every lobby has a Vantage that sits up on a cliff now that snipes anyone in the open, which is hard to deal with when every map is open.
The voice lines for vantage is quite annoying sometimes ngl
Yo macro can you make rainbow six extraction for noobs?
soooo r u going to talk bout that el camino
Any Rampart Mains Here ???
Vantage needs a nerf and buff. Example the snipers mark will have a max of 3 shots instead of 5 but. Vantage gets a new passive tracking bullets. When shot by any sniper weapon it reveals their location for 30 seconds to not only yourself but your teammates as well
was that an el Camino in the intro
What's a better companion? Bt-7274 or echo? (I already know the answer but I'm just wondering)
I love the part where morbius said its morbin time
Everytime I see a laser I run for cover and pull out my sniper as well xD Two can play this game
Nothing like outing every home schooled kid by stereotyping them 🤣🤣
Casually flexes the Tesla
People don’t ask to get banned on his discord they will ban u
I can see her in high ranked play 🤔 For teams of people who rarely miss shots, she'd be OP and a must for a squad like that
for me it's ok
Hey maybe you can do rumble-verse for noobs that would be cool👑
Fun fact: vantage's home planet Pagos means Ice in Greek and well yk Pagos is an icy planet and stuff
Her sniper feels like an OG Destiny sniper
When are we getting Junkrat for noobs?
Seer or vantage?
2nd sniper shot shouldn't be x2 that's op. also echo should be shot to be sent back to vantage instead of just holding a safe retreat position for her. let us ruin her escape plans. showing enemy team's armor is op she should only see the targeted member. now she can know how man are alive by just aiming. too much info and smoke hack ..
macro if you've been seeing lasers for 5 weeks, I think you might just be delusional at this point lmao
but why the nerf valk😪
I think Echo has replaced Nessie
That intro though  “Chef kiss”
It's morbin time
yo who is vantage I went camping come back and all my games are different
edgevoice imean
he is the edge voice
Hey if you ever want to play with the voice of pathfinder he does stream
Bruh I literally just installed apex today so hopefully this will help
This legend looks really fun, imagine just jumping with the tactical to a good sniping spot and just destroying squads with it. must feel 10/10
She will also pair rlly good with rev, become a shadow then push
wasn't morbius like 16% on rotten tomatoes?
She's my new main! I love her abilities and I have so much fun playing her.
It's echoning time
So the sniper legend came from the planet poggers...
Her sniper damage bonus seems familiar hmmm Brawl stars nah
She's a lot of fun to play, she's not too strong but not too weak a great addition to apex
2:01, Bro how can you not notice spitfire uses light ammo now?
i think that her ult charge with charge towers and ult accel should be nerfed bc getting a full fuve bullets is a bit too broken
Vantage gave you PTSD
I want cookies
That would be cool
Make apex legends I'm in heaven in to a real song
bros driving skills are insane
"... I've met homeschooled kids. I'm just sayin'."  DUDE! I WAS HOMESCHOOLED!! >:-| AND I'M.... well, I can't really disagree with you. Carry on.
Chamber with a bat
Fun fact: pagos in Greek means ice
Balanced legend in my opinion
I’m not the type of person to get high damage games very often, but I just got back from vacation, and vantage is amazing I already got a 3k
Is it just me, or did chamber got a new cut?
Can anyone help me decide what agent should i buy. it's between Vantage and Mad Maggie.
bro this intro song dope af
So when will you make the new legend tier list
3:04 half of them are not scan characters stop being dramatic
YOU want to play?🥖 LET'S play!🥖
Echo playback
5:19 Macro is a true man, brave enough to show his pp on camera.
Vantage has a emote with 360 no scope
It's morbin time!
can you do hanzo for noobs :))
ayyyyy are you selling that El camino
Nice video bro
What happend to the old intro
Macro o the first day she came up I got 1900 damage with her I am still annoyed to this day
Dude she be mommy
Am i the only person that doesnt see the fuckng drop indicator? Watched 10 videos and noone points this sht.. just say its there.. like looking on a sonogram..
I don't want to be disrespectful I just want you to see that world company is not dead
I will not cease until you play Rogue
there should be a fighter that taps into the void to ave a passive that lets you  hold an additional gun. there could be a mole type character that is able to burrow. they would have limited movement while burrowing, but to differentiate from wrauth, after running out of movement you could just wait underground, and pop up to attack your enemies, but you would do an animation which would take half a sec so you wouldn't want to pop out right on top of your enemies, their passive would allow you to do a super crouch, where you can burrow into the ground revealing only your upper torso.also would be cool if someone had a shield that reflected damage back at the shooter's but would be timed
I think Vantage is good for new players and fun for experienced! I feel like she’s like she the least problematic legend we’ve had on release!
I think she's completely balanced
Vantage mained in 30 seconds
Is that El Camino a new project car?
Newcastle buff:  Am I a joke to you!?
Titanfall 2 is better
Do you think big sister's going to be in the game
echo should be killable because it helps to cut off escape paths that people could use in a fight
Now all we need is to wait for the nerf and everyone goes back to their main
Honestly I’ve stepped on so many pointy things that it doesn’t bother me anymore. Yeah I’ve had glass in my foot for about 4 days, yes I’ve had many splinters, yes I’ve stepped on legos, but I’m gonna still walk inside and outside barefoot. Sometimes when it’s hot I like washing my car and I purposely get my socks soaking wet to help me cool down. I don’t mind wet socks, I DO mind wet sleeves
My days of not finding the kraber are over yip yip hooray
Could you plz make another legend tier list? It's been 2 seasons!
I really hope that Vantage stays the same. Shes a Sniper, so she needs the huge relocation range if spotted, the sniper as an ultimate has great damage and in an advanced players hand it can save the teamfight with only one bullet. She got the potential of a Legend to be mastered.
Something you missed, crouching during the vantage jump sends you to the ground. this is usefull for pushing, as you don't get the delay of having to double jump, and just is cool in general.
She doesn't lack social skills? My brother have you heard her voicelines?
What about the spitfire change and the Newcastle buff X) jk still love the video
Honestly,the games just boring
Nice Elco
Why macro the same music for three videos can a least have different songs for each video, also plz do call of duty mobile for noobs
Can we get a Season 14 Tier List please!!!
Yeah , she needs a buff , the first shot should deal 100 damage and the second one 350 plus no laser and should be able to scan the entire teams shield and health just by looking at one person and the ability to see through walls and cancelling revives  when aiming and have a sniper like Sheila (ramparts ultimate) where she will have 350 bullets from one charge + echo should scan and be able to stay 100 meter away with the ability to go through walls and wield a weapon when flying towards . That should make her perfectly balanced as all things should be
Buff with echo time to jet there 🦇🦇🚀
But, the intro 😓
I can never say the joy when macro releases a video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_OlX7M5MLA     Lies in the Textbooks https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WN31FCcUlLk      The Dangers of Evolution https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3QCkBL2DfVg       Gods Chisel Remastered
Where is the Old music intro?
hi
1:04 pagos is literally ice in greek
Daaaaammmmm straight man I am definitely going to Follow ur tips and tricks
how to you get that graphics macro cuz i got  a new pc from apex pcs                              btw the morbius one ahhhhhh ....i died
WHERE IS JACK COOPER MAN
grubhub ad man
wallhacks? where have a heard the before
buff her . like rampart she can kill full kit full team in just 180bullet  as 3rd gun . so vantage ult will be 65 on body n 90 head
One doesn’t experience self transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates-🔴🟥
this guy looks like flash from spiderman
19:02:26
im homeschooled and like the joke
I live how for the subtitles it said “applause” when you crashed the car
do apex leged mobile wheel please
This is so sad, macro can’t do anything without seeing a laser. :(
does he suppot lgbtq pls say no
respawn legit just copied the chamber ult from valorant ngl
15:24:18
Did you get a new house I like it
WHY THE HELL DID THEY NERF VALK SO MUCH, SHE WAS THE MOST BALLANCED LEGEND IN THE GAME
when’s mirages mom joining the apex legends??
https://youtu.be/V-79ysdzSUI This Video for noobs
16:28:30
My brain is so fried and I just think that this is a clone of chamber from the psychological horror valorant
3:42 I guess you can say that joke got shot down
She has aim bot
Thanks, I needed this
Finnally
Bro, macro is so good guys, he got pred in like 4 days, faze macro when?
morbin
I don't have enough tokens to get her :(
The Spitfire also uses Light ammo
This girl is just a chamber wannabe
Nerf vantage
It’s a good day when Macro uploads
apex should add jack Cooper
15:18:25
they just copied chamber ult
Echo is GOD.
Man, i've been watching you since season 1 and your videos are still amazing. I really enjoy your videos and sometimes watch the old ones again. They really put a smile on my face. We love you macro
over raked
Only problem I have with vantage is that she can see you through smoke. I think they need to buff Bangalore by making it so you are unscanable while in the smoke but that’s just my opinion.
https://youtu.be/SIG4K1szv7A
Am I the only one who noticed he was reading the Michelle Obama book
Yoo is that your el Camino
360 in ranked be like lol
she does lack social skills what u mean?
Vantage = Mw Sniper Glare
I’m a homeschool kid macro how could you
What do we need to do to convince you to make apex mobile exclusive characters for noobs
ult needs a nerf other than that good legend
Macro, just be thankful that there's only 1 laser not 3
Only nerf she needs is slightly longer ult cooldown
day 89 of asking for u to give me my first heirloom
You have the ad-vantage. Lol
For God so loved the world, That He have His only begotten son, so that whosoever believes in Him would be saved. (John 3:16, Bible). We have all broken God’s moral law and have gotten the death penalty. However, Jesus lived a perfect life in order to take our place and endure the wrath of God. He did this because He loves us so much! Repent from sin and trust in what Jesus did for you so your sins can be forgiven and forgotten. <3
i main her because im so bad at close range atleast i can torturing people for afar when i use her 😂
u should do episodes after the nerfs
Meet the sniper
did nobody see the lol jk in the top right at 4:36
I heard Vantage listens to playboicarti
Nerf pls 😡
🦇
no for noob  noob @ PRO
Forgot to mention, the sound of the Sniper is just something of the heavens
The charge up time before u can fly to echo is a bit too long
I’m in gold lobbies and all I see is five red dots on aim on me I just crap my pants
id say easy for noobs, exept me who cant snipe :/
didn't expect to hear the one and lonely when i opened this vid, bro that's my shit
bro i can’t even play my ps4 ain’t workin :(
MAKE VALORANT AGENTS FOR NOOBS
Finally… Morbius for noobs
lowkey a full house tour
macro  the video can't it be overwatch
Bruh vantage for noobs in 2 days, but no rhapsody for noobs :((((
0:10 Tf2 be like
I do think since Vantage -already- scans the enemy with a small dot thing, why not just give her a full scan. only her, not her team, whenever she tags an enemy with her sniper shot it outlines them and allows her to see them even if they're behind cover for... say 5-6 seconds at most.  aside from that I think the instant jump from the shield cell bug atm should be base, she shouldn't have a charge time to jump to her bat cause unlike wraith (who has a charge time) she gets no invulnerability once the charge is over. either. make it instant, or give her invulnerability when jumping.   her sniper COULD stand to lose -some- buffed damage. the 50 body, 75 head without her debuff on the enemy is fine. but if they need something to nerf on her I'd be fine with her 150 headshot with the buff going to like 125. (I don't think this nerf is needed im just providing it as a 'if' respawn thinks she needs something nerfed.)  overall I think shes very balanced and once the season settles down and she is broken in, and vantage mains are established.. I think we'll see vantage being a nice addition to any team!
Ha that's my last name
chamber in apex
I think she is balanced
The laser scares the shit out of me
Is vantage a good place to start if you want to get good with snipers? (Don’t judge *sigh* it’s for crypto). Here come the hate comments about Crypto being the least picked legend and not having any viability
I just listened to Skull Town Road, before i watched the video.
Like the new intro song:)
Once vantage dropped I feel like I’ve been doing better. Lol
The only thing i would change about vantage would be her sniper’s bullet velocity due to the weapon being almost hitscan when in a range of 100 tp 150 meter and maybe further  If she had a little more bullet drop it would make her need a bit more skill then just clicking and then hitting instantly  I mean come on this isn’t team fortress 2
Please stop making fun of the hit movie morbius it’s a masterpiece and will not be a better movie, EVER. *MAD FACE EMOJI*
Dame you did this fast I need to load up apex on my ps4 and check this out
A ton of people can’t play vantage you should have waited for when they fix all the bugs 😭
For the people saying echo cannot be killed. Well sadly respawn took advantage of that and made a finisher where the downed player tries to hit it with his hand but vantage smacks him with the sniper. Respawn….. HOW DARE YOU SCARE THE CUTENESS OUT OF ECHO LIKE THAT
They need to fix some bugs buy I don't think she needs a nerf, except making it so that she sees mirage decoys
Uhh, who called up Chambers sister?
This is why we love macro
I was in ducky's stream watching macro miss like 7 or 8 times before finally hitting the shot.
0:28 you get used to it kinda like the sniper glare in C.O.D
Pin this or echo will die  :^)
We should all take Ad Vantage of this video…. Get it
Hey macro can you make a another legend tier list video ?
Im sorry what wing man uses sniprr ammo now? Whats next its gonna use light? Bro dopnt even get me started on the new characters GOOFY AH finisher cuz like nah
whyd u change the intro song it was so iconic
It’s morbin time
Also another good tip is if vantage zooms in on an enemy all the info of that target is shown in chat
Echo is a god among men
Macro, vantage has not even been in the game for a week and you already have a guide. Crazy
For me when ever I play her I just think about that one meme about the guy just thrusting away on the ocean and some how actually moving
Yes sir mr macro boy jurassicboi80 here from twitch
Macro what car is that?
1000th comment
I feel like apex should make it’s new type of characters like recon and tank and make it movement because then you wouldn’t always have damage or recon and have characters like wraith, octane, and pathfinders kits make sense.
They gonna nerf her
ngl other than seeing through smoke Vantage's passive is kinda useless. There's already BDC marks to adjust for range on every scope, so having the drop automatically calculated with her isn't all that helpful.
Nobody: Vantage: uses charge tower        Rampart: She dare take a fraction of my power
They fr copied chamber from valorant
My account got hacked but your videos cheer me up luv you macro
“This roster keeps getting bigger” Oh? The rosters growing? The amount of viable legends aren’t though…
Get right with God now while you have the chance , suddenly this world will change and you may not have the chance again . Repent now and call to Jesus Christ for salvation . Suddenly when you don’t expect it , calamities will strike . This is your chance now . God is waiting for you
Bats are ugly af but snipers are fun
Marco just ignoring ramparts existence   My poor main 😢
What happened to the intro music
YA NOOB
Echo = Demobat
ngl but she kinda just seems like chamber
Finally, I have been waiting for this
Macro i think im normal i play fortnite
It’s the most fun legend so far
.          .
I need help with me
I think vantage is pretty balanced
Vantage's sniper is scary but i think Sheila takes the cake for the most terrifying laser
Yes
Be binging this apex for noobs series
*Pagos in Greek actually means ice* 😁👍
Trinston was here.
I SWEAR IF THIS GIRL SAYS “huh echolocation” one more time im literally never playing her again her voice lines are more annoying than valk
does vantage give me an ad-vantage?
Vantage is probably one of the easiest characters to play, but also has the highest skill ceiling, I feel like a really good Vantage Is going to end up being 1,000,000 times scarier than a really good seer or bloodhound
Bruh am I the only person who liked morbius
New for noobs music is baf
hi
My man needs to play Splatoon to see the vast amount of other sniper lasers
fun fact: not only is she lacking social skills, calling legends team people and not even saying you're welcome, but the entire season storyline is just based around making friends for her lul
you should do a tournament where its duo's and you can only play with vantage and rampart and can only use there ults I think this would be interesting to see
Wheres the old intro song🥲
Its not a custom sniper it's an og sentinel
I definitely heard her voice lines and said she’s homeschooled
The most annoying legend ever
Anyone else notice that apex predator rank in the top corner saying "lol jk"? 6:31
Long story short she's belle from brawl stars
Without that laser on her ULT vantage would be so annoying. You’d just randomly get sniped and have to get your shield up every two mins
👧🏽🦇
Playing as Vantage maybe feels like you've hacked the game, but when you play against her you start to realise how impossible she is to beat. Honestly, I still wonder how they allowed this legend to happen - with her you literally see where your shot will land and have a third weapon... I feel like if I don't play Vantage I'm at a huge DISADvantage, without her I'm basically a dead man. Compared to other legends, she gets like 100 times better abilities. At this point why don't they delete other characters as they are completely useless against her now...
Can't wait for the MacDown though 😁
ECHO location 🤓
I just realised, shes kinda like chamber from Valorant lmao
damn, first they make a character called fade, then they make a character that whips out a sniper for their ult?? how many ideas are you gonna take from valorant respawn???
i was so excited for this when you said it was going to come out on macro live
Make mirage 2.0 or apex 2.0
They really made her a baddie tho
Macro should add "It's Noobin' time!" To his Intro
She’s kinda like Chamber from Valorant
There’s a new legend?
I hate echo only because of the name overwatch echo..
There were so many changes this season that he barely talked about the changes. He usually mentions which weapons go in and out of the care package, not this time, and he didn't even mention the ranking/level changes, the newcastle buffs, the EVA-8 getting standard stock. Not saying that's necessarily a bad thing, but if you haven't played this season yet, and this is your first video on it, there are many, many more changes he didn't mention.
Pagos next map?
If you were able to kill Echo, there would be riots.
Damn I see u macro with that Tesla
should vantage get buff/nerf? imo i think shes bonkers strong I Thought vantage was gonna get nerfed, ive been railing people with her sniper and just generally really enjoying her versatility in team fights, she contests vertical play, and can outrange most legends, shes more practical then shiela and her passive makes using anything other then pistol/smg/shottie, way too fun. it just be because im having an absolute blast playing her, but i think shes the best legends atm.
Might be overthinking it but I love the “can’t take out the trash part” and the laser is pointed at the trash can, implying that he was the trash when every other time the laser was actually pointed at him
Macro crashed his car just for a few seconds clip respect.
"I'm surprised she doesn't seem to lack social skills"   Bro did you not hear the dialog she has especially with mirage? She talks with no filter lol
I got a trailer for this season in the middle of the video
What is my life watching this at 1am with my ikea shark
Bloodhound gets more and more irrelevant each season
Vantage needs to be reworked her ult should be echo going into morbin mode
Her ult be like : chamber ult but walmart
Macro supersain? Government snipers??
Time for some “Skull Town Road!”
nothings more scary than seeing 2 lasers red one for (rampart) blue one for (vantage)
Someone got the idea for vantage while playing bell in brawl stars
Judging by the intro, it looks like Macro has dirt on the Clinton's.
Vantage is socially awkward, you heard her your welcome voice lines
U can also sliede wen u using a heal item u just have to hold in a direction and use the tectical
After 5 hours of seeing that lazer and getting shot moments after i started getting scared of every little particle that looked like the lazer and i have been hallucinating. Please help me.
Not that good in my opinion
So many things in here are wrong. She doesn't lack social skills? Bruh, have you heard her talk. She isn't competitively viable? SHE'S LIKE THE STRONGEST LEGEND IN THE LAST 4 SEASONS Anyways, you can see Marco worked on this video for a while, since those assessments are day 1
As a homeschooler I can confirm we have ZERO social skills
Honestly, with the seasons progression I’ve noticed a decline with the new characters justification for them joining the apex games,
Hold up, she grew up on *Pog*os
Its like a Chamber I guess
Pretty sure a ult exelerant only charges one shot. I think he was lucky that his ult charged a bullet at the same time he used a ult exelerant which made it look like he charged 2 bullets with only 1 ult exelerant.
My favorite part about Vantage is you can have all ranges of weapons on you at all times.
Yo it’s my 16TH birthday today, such a nice present
The heck is that voice acting at 5:01
Can you do rumbleverse for noobs
Bruh wit da boi echo you have a get out of jail free card then the sniper is like the get back after healing free card
Vantage is so toxic….
Macro drives a Tesla????
Hey Macro, check this apex legend concept out which I have been told would be broken...  Ludovic Yvon "Sovereign" Devereux...  Passive Ability: Backup Phoenix Kit... 	Spawns with a personal phoenix kit which never recharges itself automatically and has dark purplish-red glow to it when being used...  Tactical Ability: Amplificated Peacekeeping... 	Uses his personal phoenix kit to amplify any peacekeeper so that it can steal and heal shield energy from enemies to self and allies... 	 Ultimate Ability: Survival of the Fittest... 	Revives his squad mates from downed states using his phoenix kit and will revive himself as well if he gets downed in the process...  Finisher: Energy Thief's Nuke Rodeo... 	Places a live fragment grenade into the downed enemies backpack whilst stealing their shield cells, batteries, and phoenix kits...
A both fun and well balanced legend on release. In my opinion a medium difficulty legend with a high skill ceiling.
As a homeschooled kid I've never been so offended by something so true.
Do sym for noobs
I’m getting very annoyed because of her sniper, I see the lasers everywhere
i would say shes a bit busted, i think you should be able to shoot echo than it gets scared and flys to vantage for 10 seconds, cause you cant counter her tactical until she has already got to a better position
Hey guys my name is Julio and I am the Star comentader from the channel " Strange Rebel gaming " and I will joing you guys today as the guest comentader on this video and I will do it in a form of a collab, my jobe is to entretain you guys by puting funny and cool coments thrueout the video as well as my reactions, the host of that channel was part of the Fall Guys Tournament yesterday for Inter Streamers, her name is Briana white and she is the voice of Aerith in FF7R, I will try to mention this collab so they can enjoy it too, if you want to see more of my coment you can check out the channel " Strange Rebel gaming " and suscribe to it if you want, enjoy  ;)
7:37 No Legends Pepole!
Commenting for YouTube algorithms2
Where is the old intro music?
5:12 Can Anyone let that por guy to use the Bathroom?! 5:18 Ouch! 5:53 Rat 🐁 got it! 6:31 Will You Please!? 6:45 Yeah, like an Houre later!
I hope eco gets a little neft but her ult gets rid of the lazer sight for enemy teams so they can tell where you are at
4:29 BULLSIDE! 4:34 👌 4:49 Watch out for the Lasers!
I was actually upset when I first heard about her. I thought her sniper was overpowered but then my friend pointed out that it has a laser on it and it just doesn't feel as OP when I get hit by it it's my fault that I didn't move out of the way when I saw the lazer. I think she is pretty fair but for the love of God don't let her sniper show if a mirage is real or not it's already so difficult to trick people
Macros guessing Mara as a legend like how he gessued loba
How come in pictures echo is white, in game he/she is grey, and in trailers he/she is black? am i the only one who notices this?
2:55 I am not much of a noob 3:10 those characters look pretty good 3:21 off the Bat! 🦇 3:33 I can see my house from up ther :) 3:45 you dont like that movie, hu?
So thats why theres a lazer there....
When I first saw her I didn’t care until I saw her ultimate
2:01 I alwase prepaer! Can I take that headphone girl with me? ;) LOL
In England we can't even use a hosepipe now
Hehe, Echo location...
Nice new house!
1:33 Hi Echo
"She was  raised alone wjtj her mother in plant that called *pogos*" man macro really trying to not mention the pogo emote lol
0:54 and pretty soon it going to look like Super Smash Bros
0:08 Taking some relax time reading 0:10 AND Lest get the Hell out of ther! 0:14 Dam you Lasers! 0:17 oh no! So Stinky 0:31 Watch Were you Driving!
Thanks I was noob now I'm hitting clips
You are the best
i think vantage is kinda like fuse and maggie where if it were possible to pick four legends they would be great but there are just other people who do things that are more important than her sniper, but i agree that she is super fun
Macro am calling the animal police for trying to kill echo
Finally
Mate pls bring back the old intro music. It slaps
I’m sick off hearing echo loacation
Echo is a bird can’t change my mind
Macro will the tournament be on YouTube or twitch
I want to see Sheila's damage on a marked enemy js
Nerfs/ easy
she's really not a scan character, she can't scan through walls at all, and its incredibly easy to lose them
J
I think she can be picked up by anyone who wants to play her, but there's definitely a skill ceiling to her without a doubt
This video is so funny, and I always love the skits
This feels like another very VERY annoying legend. Preventing u to relax at any given time and when u finally get close she just jumps away 60 meters.
I haven't played the season yet as I'm on vacation but I feel like Vantage is the most fun legend they have released in a long time and one I would actually use.
Terrorized for 5 weeks? really? wouldnt it be 5 days?
the nice part about echo relocation is that you can crouch to drop early giving you alot more control over where you go while keeping your momentum.
I got crafting materials and got her oganrge legendary skin
1:11 But Macro she does lack social skills, just read the first comic page this season
i really hope they buff her passive  the bullet drop thing is pretty much useless because more than 3/4 of the fights are mid to close range
With what are you editing?
David? How is David?
4:08 It’s not custom actually. It is called the A-13 Sentry, the predecessor and early model of the Sentinel. 🤓
If echo can't be killed then drone shouldn't be able to be destroyed
bro has a tesla?
I dont know if its just because of the times i play but im not seeing huge amounts of her in games maybe 4-5 normally
needs huge nerfs, nerf her now, now now now
Pakistan was made on august 14
The only thing shorten the q acrivation
Vantage top tier in arenas for me
FFFFFFFFFFFIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
The new Batman game is pretty sick not gonna lie, kinda weird he uses guns but still
If scan characters could all be like this where you have to work for the scan then scan characters would be balanced. BH is the only scan character that you don’t have to work for the scan. Press a button and has infinite knowledge it’s dumb. Just change him to pulse blade then it wouldn’t be so stupidly broken.
Me when I see Vantage's tactical: ITS MORBIN TIME
Newcastle, Rampart, and Vantage team is really great for cover and extra damage.
What's the intro music cause it's amazing
I remember that kitchen at the beginning (octane for noobs drug psa)
Homie just drifted in a tasla...
Echo killed eddie
Love your content dude
I was just Wartung for this
Damn someone who can move fast and has a sniper as an ult? It’s almost like riot already did this
Anyone know how to sign up for the tournament
Bro if respawning dont like Bangalore just say som.  As a main of her this stuff is getting ridiculous. They continue to give Bang a nerf  every time they add a new legend almost making bang's kit unreliable because yr supposed to be safe in yr smoke but not with 6 characters who can see through like give bang a break
I believe they need to revert the changes to Valkyrie and remove Vantage, shes not a character that should be in apex. Her tactical acts more like an ultimate and negates a lot of the other legen abilities that CAN do the same. Her problem is that shes an all in one package and makes fighting just total bullshit. Im already getting 3rd partied 24/7, whats the point of even playing the game at all then? This is why i stopped playing apex. They nerf everything you love, buff everything you hate and its nothing but sweat sweat sweat sweat sweat sweat sweat sweat sweat sweat sweat.  Add a bot mode or something for people who wanna actually play the game and not get sniped out of the air before you land from the drop ship.
regarding the big ass laser, like, fine, I guess it's a balance decision or something BUT, can she like, not pump out all these super stealthy voice lines while doing this? Oh, "prey, spotted, don't spook them". "My ultimate is charged, they WILL NEVER know what hit them." Then, bang, proceed to have the brightest damn thick laser shine on your enemy so they immediately knows they're being targeted as well as where you are exactly. Instantly ruined the immersion, or whatever, character flow, stuff, you know.
Mirage got buff let's goooo
Wait wait wait Info gathering  The ability to change position fast and for great distances A sniper rifle with 5 bullets that gives a bonus when u hit the enemy .... Chamber?
You’re assuming the Newcastle on my team ever uses their abilities
0:16 I like how he went back for the cookies.
You forgot her passive the portable heat shield
Yess!
I loved the part of the video when macro 360 no scoped that vantage and then said, "its macroin time"
I strat me and my friends found is in arenas we call it the vantage sacrifice vantage pushes all of them with grenades and does as much damage as possible and while the enemy's are focused on her we can push no problem it works about 7/10 times
vantage is so op
You know whats the worst think I am not from USA and I had to search where do you live and USA cities have different time so what time is for you now I am asking all that because I want to watch your stream
https://youtu.be/DRWVq5RJVOE
Nerf
echo go nyoom
1:10 she actually does. The first chapter of the in-game comic talks about it
I think she’s very strong/op but I like it that way, she’s just very fun to play as. You don’t have to carry a sniper with you and moving with echo is awesome! A 10/10 for me.
my time stamps are messed up and all the names have been switched to the names of playboi carti leaks 😭
Vantage I think is at a good balanced point rn she’s strong especially in dous and 1v1s but she lacks teamplay and will be much weaker on maps with lots of buildings(for the people who have only played comp she’s not to good on storm point)
Macro, everytime me and my friends are going skulltown/relic we sing together skulltown road love it🤠🔫
Apex will be the only game where hackers wall hacks are useless lmao
love your vids man you are a LEGEND!!
I would like for her in the next season to mature and be more serious that will be epic
The sound when you fire vantages unlimate sounds like it could be used in a song
ima join the live later but ill be there for sure
I think vantage's ult should  be buffed  so it skans like a seer tactical
We have so manyyy Vantage's :                   Sniper Vantage  Aston Martin V12 Vantage  Aston Martin V8 Vantage  We need more Vantage'ssss !!!
I think she is easy to play except that you need to be good with sniping wich for some people including me can be really hard
3:13  no of course not why would anyone have ever said that...
If they don't nerf her, she could get a good spot to hight ranked games or compétitive even thought that us controller players get aim assist on her ult, making hit shot way to easy !!
Vantages mom is coming out in season 18 (prove me wrong and I will tell you why)
Fan Fact:Her home planet Pagos is translated in Greek as ice or cold
It’s amazing how he manages to keep me watching these even tho I have no intention of playing vantage
Nice stach
The one and lonly!!!!
I have been nonscoping not 360 though): it's so fun
Could you do some more multiverse content
Vantage voices line be cringe asf
Where is sojourn for noobs
out of all the places to expect a dig at being homeschooled, i wasn’t expecting here. Wow. Majority of us have a homeschool group that we socialize with. It’s not just us and our moms. To say we lack social skills is a fucking lie and seriously dehumanizing.
Can I be in the tournament, for the memes
Every time I try to use an accelerant im it makes me pull out my ult
6:27 why did the enemies kept flashing in red after his shots?
vantage is one of ugliest legends
The best thing about new seasons is Macros noob videos
I got good with vantage but I think op
Yo i was homeschooled and I had such a weird time adjusting. That homeschool joke was on the money 💀
It's ashamed Respawn still keep making a problem on release content. I mean is it hard to do double check first before releasing it? Right now half of players possibly avoiding to play it because of the bug. I would forgive Respawn if they follow Genshin Impact dev always does by give some compensation/gift just in case if there a bug prevents to play their game on every new content release. But so far, despite they release new content without any problem(unless if it have one, they fix it asap than wait on next update), they still give you a gift anyway. That's how you kept Popularity stay strong than rely on revenue/money too much...
Another tip it somewhat auto locks and if you aim near the target it might hit
If you love this video you will most definitely like the one I made. I offer a 30 day refund if you don’t like the product.🤞🏽
Make Raphsody for noobs
You forgot to say that new castle is a damn avenger now 😭😭.
Morb
Not first
Honestly, the only change Vantage should receive is that you could move to echo a little faster.
i think vantage is medium difficulty to play, and she needs buffs and nerfs in different areas, like KILLING THE GOSH DARN BAT
As far as I remember the "snipers Mark" is a old version of the Sentinal sniper rifle thats been modefied
Ive been waiting for this
Uhh, macro you forgot the tips? Ok I'll do it my self.     Passive: you can ads while having weapons holstered which zooms you in 3 times but without any of the sights blocking your view. Kinda like seer she can look around her sight line and the scanner will sometimes help you detect far off enemies.  Tactical: always call back echo after using tactical. If echo is holstered (in your hoodie) you can hold tactical button to immediately jump, it is much faster than waiting for echo to reach the target location and then holding. The jump recharges very quickly and it is best used for gaining vertical ground, but the horizontal is quite good as well. Do not push directly at enemies, you are easier to gun down then when using octanes jump pad. If you tap or hold crouch before you reach echo you will cancel the jump mid air, landing you early and if you don't want to use the double jump, you wont have to wait for the double jump window to end before landing.  Ultimate: very powerful (fun and balanced). It is hard to follow up with your primary weapons so if you get the chance try to go for the knock, one body shot after knock with ult will insta kill so long as you hit them with your ult before hand, unless it's the heavy boys (Gibby, causthicc, Newcastle). When you have your teammates firing with snipers as well try to hit as many different targets as you can, much better than using all your shots on one guy. Don't use it to scout the mid range area of you vision, the scope effect makes it harder than using passive zoom. Use it for the 8 times zoom as you can't do that with passive. Also not recommended to use in close quarters, the time it takes to swap to a shotgun/smg/ar is too long to justify getting the damage increase, unless again your squad mates are shooting at the same target and you want to get your damage in before your teammates down him
I watched your stream:)
Shout-out to macro for actually crashing a car for the intro
STFU MORBIOUS IS A SHIT MOVIE
RoR2 railgunner with an exalted gun, cool
judging from the intro it seems like his neighbors think hes got some sort of schizophrenia
Found out female byleth VA is actually voices her along she’s also gonna voice neenah in saints row 2022 her name is Jeanie tirado
You forgot one of the dumbest changes. Spitfire being light ammo
Nessie better tbh
I play apex and all you need to do to kill them is get in close range, they literally have no close range skill.
Fun fact: Pagos means ice in Greek
She talks to much
BOOM LASER
My favorite part was when he said “It’s Echo Time!” And he destroyed all the enemies.
No joke though, I was starting to not like Apex because it just felt so bland and boring but when Vantage came out, everything changed.
Overpowered and annoying!!
Can you please play with me my name is Rjbsoccer10
I don't need to watch this but I'm watching anyway
6:27 that pred badge got me lmao
Imo vantage is easy and can get small nerfs
Btw you missed lifeline got buffed she has a tiny death box
Chamber?
bro what do mean by saying u get terorised sinse 5 weeks of the lasers??? 5:33
Macro please pin this  An extra tip for Vantage is that when you use her tactical and crouch before you reach echo you won't be able to double jump but you will keep your momentum making your jump unpredictable and making you harder to hit while having good distance
I haven't played apex since valkyrie was new. I'm about to get destroyed.
I think vantage is honestly quite balanced and very well designed. all her abilities combo off eachother and really play into this mobile sniper scout playstyle that is unlike anything apex had before. She fills a role that was left empty till now and does so wonderfully. Hope we see more characters that just fit in like this in the future!
Crypto deff needs that echo command buff for his drone
I like how I get told you tried to kill other Echos and then immediately get an ad so I have a whole 15 seconds to process that information
Ahhhh yes Carter Ace is so good
RUMBLEVERSE FOR NOOOOOOBS
Yes pls make a full on video bc I might be busy or might not
Me  who knew she was coming cuz of leanks
LETS GOOOOO MACROOOO
It’s gotten out of hand my cousin got killed by a rouge vantage the other day on his way to work
I just saved up enough to buy vantage thank you so much for the video
Thinking he hit Macro hit press [JK]😞
Guys please stop saying "My favorite part was" in the coments of Apex legends
yah I think she is really easy to play for noobs because its easy to hit shots with her, but I wouldn't recommend new players to play her as they could become reliant on her passive to hit shots (because it shows bullet drop) long range. this is bad when they wanna play other legends.
Vantage seem extremely unfair
Wait what happened to the old for noobs music?
Need nerf
As a homeschooled kid... I didn't have social skills to begin with...
I am a big fan
I love your videos, they are awesome
BABE WAKE UP THERES A NEW FOR NOOBSSSS
The lol jk pred rank had me howling
pagos...... poggers..
This update was pretty good except for two things. 1. Firing range is ruined as with no self revive when fighting someone else they just die and have to recollect their whole inventory. At least we got two trees right? 2. New Castle is not fun to fight against. I have no idea why he got buffed to the moon and back with shield health and movement increased meaning free revive (more free than old lifeline) mid fight.
Since her passive works with midrange scopes. They should give Bangalore digital threat on all 1x , 1-2x , and 2x
The recent  Seasons have really not been good since ash sadly for me But this is the 1st character in a while that actually looks pretty fun and balanced
So she’s chamber from valorant but if he was fair
hmm i wonder whos ult does vantage’s look like  hint: rich french guy
its Morban time
POGos😂
I will be 533 comment
Finally
you already know that someone is gonna do a 360 no scope like seriously theres an emote called is 360 no scope
ECHO is op
3:04 you forgot ash in the scan characters
I want to thank You macro I has surgery on my foot and I’ve been extremely exhausted and I slept since 5:00 yesterday and waking up to see this posted makes me feel so much better
that pred badge at 6:27 really got me
Early
Intro's fireeeee !!
Guys please let alone sleep he’s had enough
Was that a motherfucking El Camino?!?!! Badass.
Vantage = Chamber
Vantage is bugged af and overpowered, she has too many informations for free just by aiming (even when you have no weapons in hands), she can see through smokes(bug) and foliages(shouldn't happen imo.), it's stupid af, her sniper can 2 shots kills even with a blue shield and full hp, no other snipers can do that with body shots, no need for a kraber when you have vantage in your team, it's really stupidly overpowered and needs to be fixed and nerfed asap.
The last two legends are my new favorites
How to let the worst legend in the game remain the worst legend in the game. Create characters like Vantage
Noobs
R.I.P. I think I’m normal by Carter Ace
Morbius’s sister
RIP to David 😔
Bro I hate that lazer so much bro
Man I hate just playing the game only to be morbed all over by echo screaming at me
van stage is honestly the most fun character i’ve played in this game glad apex did something right
I love The  images macro use for his Pro tips
Morbius?
I’d say she’s medium difficulty, since you also have to be good with snipers to be good with her ult
I think her mom blood hound y’all see the fit
Macro videos never fail to make me smile
Why no more i think im normal 🫤
GIVE US NEW LEGEND TEIR LIST NOW
The Lazer reminds me of the time when you encounterd a hacker and he was using a l star to beam y'all
Vantage is like the 4th legend with a custom weapon! Can you believe that?!
Waiting for Vantage to get nerfed to the ground
Petition for macro to bring back the old for noob intro music!!!
I play her for the movement.
It’s Morbin time
Echo is a weird dog
The jokes for the tactical were as bad as the movie morbius
Less Gooooooooooooo
Apex is ass now
Still not as much as people playing her as they did when Newcastle came out and vantage clearly had a much better launch Newcastle wasn’t even that good on launch
She has an emote called "360 No Scope." Even the devs want you to 360 noscope.
Can we get a fortnite vid when Goku drops
Its morbin time
Vantages passive also tells you if the Mirage you see is a decoy or not
I am a bit surprise about not making a chamber joke
Vantage is the definition of "get to the high ground"
bro got up to wipe and got bodied
We need a mirage joke with her Mirage healing her: guess I’m giving you an ad-vantage get it- Vantage: oh I like that one  Best friends
Mans really faked his pred ranked did y’all notice that 💀
I miss the classic intro
VANTAGE DESTROY THE SCOUTER FRIEZA IS GONNA TRACK US (edit arthur better)
Me hiding in a cliff healing from a fight: Sees an orange laser. The vantage across the field: Me: Sheeee- *dies*
🦇
I don’t even call him echo i just call him morbius-morb for short
Anyone else hear vantage outright diss the Olympic champion?! "Kurt Angle sucks"
What's an apex
Her tac is a octane jump pad
ive been looking forward to this
whats the song in the intro called?
IITSS MORBIN TIMEE
It’s balance nerf her !
Does macro respond
People are going to say sniper mommy
Finally
ngl i niss the og songs in the beginning
Nice el camino
ECHO is the ugliest bat I've ever seen
I find her being the complete opposite of caustic/Wattson, vantage is great in the open but Kind of lacking in buildings where caustic/Wattson thrive
Macro is an icon for reading Michelle Obama book in the bit
She is already my main lol
Finally, I’ve waited for this video to come out since season 14 got released, now I can transcend 😇
Duck yeah MACRO! Awesome vid as always
Did you know that vantages passive can see if the mirage decoys are real or not
Slone from titan fall in apex?
Echo could use a buff to make it maybe 80 90
WINGMAN USES WHAT
Ark survival evolved for noobs
Another scan ability omfg, even a 4 year old can come up with more creative legends than these  kunckleheads
People that say vantage is d and c teir need to play her and have fun
I think she does lack a little bit of social skills. The way she responds to some of the other legends is kind of rude.
Season 20 at most
JUST the video i needed. Thank u bro
Did you actually crash your car? Did you get hurt? Are you okay?
macro vantage is to op! and she pretty easy to play so personally she need nerfs
nice tesla flex 👌
Respawn is taking notes from valorant
I wonder where I’ve seen an fps game with a character than can summon a sniper as their ultimate before🤔
Bro I've been waiting for this 🦇
I am curious who is the better new legend. Rahpsody from the mobile version or vantage from the main game. I kinda feel rahpsody better beacuse her ultimate has a better team use
Bruh the MOMENT I saw this legend I immediately say nah
Should they remove the laser I feel like she would be a little broken if they removed here laser
I really like her kit. I mainly play BH and most of the time I ignore every new legend because I just wanna play BH. But I tried her in ranked and it was awesome to have this little pocket kraber. I actually had a real Kraber as well and the bullet drop indicator came in clutch. This legend is one hell of a surpress legend and when you kill someone with the ultimate it feels so great.
Bangalore: hey Vantage have you heard of Candi- Vantage: IM FUCKING YOUR BROTHER *elden ring theme plays* Vantage: MORBIUS
WAsted potential to put a legend in the trashcan.
Yes ! MacroTrailer > Every Apex ad
sign here for campaign to bring back old for noobs intro song 😤
So I missed 3 seasons Time to commit suicide                                        ( take this as a joke)
I like how the whole episode is a coma dream after that crash!
Wat is macro stream schedule
I just suck at this game
missed opportunity you could’ve cut off we end part With the sound of sniper shot I’m getting down
Macro with a Tesla ?
Bro this about to get 1M views in a day
Best character perfect don't need no changes
The intro music is…… NOT THE SAME 😓😭😢
Bro vantage is used so much wth bruh
She's the 'Chamber' in Apex wtf LOL ❤
8 min rly just shoter videos every goddamn time 12+ plz marcos
mid charactor tbh
do not buff do not nerf this is perfect
For noobs is correct. Just sit back and use ult. 🤣
MR MACRO GET DOWN
I have the same last name
I think she needs a tiny nerf to her echo relocation but idk other than that I thinks she is pretty fair balanced
Pogos pogors
i dont play apex but vantage's ult is basically chambers ult from val
Bro the same day I can finally play the season this stuff came out less go
didnt expect it will come that fast
I don’t think vantage needs a nerf now but a possible nerf could be if you shoot near echo, echo will move away until about 10 seconds after being shot at echo will then move closer to vantage.
Yeah its out
Pagos is greek for ice
To be honest vantage is to overpowered for me to use as i only use snipers
When using the 1x-2x scope in 2x mode vantage’s passive will not trigger
I think she needs more range on echo
Tier list I alredy know s tier is gibby
I dont like her :)
SHES MY NEW MAIN APEX IS BEST GAME AGAIN and better than Ow Apex >OW
For est
What time is pst
Cat
Vantage and Echo reminds me of my favourite superhero, Morbius. When Vantage said “It’s Echoin’ time” everyone around me stood up and cheered. She truly is one of the legends of all times.
so noone remembers jack cooper getting invited to the apex games?
Vantage seems very fun and gamer
I miss the old intro, it was timeless
less gooo
I got a tipdont use a sniper in your loadout you got one as your ult you can be the most versatile legend weapon wise with short mid and long range so pls use that knowledge to your advantage no pun intended
She's a sniper so I hate her already and I don't even play apex
Yo Marco make sanes for noobs or you not a noob
Also, a tip for NOOBS is to ADS with your fists than with your sniper to not reveal your position and still see players. :]
3:06 Still waiting for Respawn to finally add Jack Cooper to Apex as a Legend
I miss the old intro music
I miss the old intro music
I hope they nerf her to the ground so my duo start playing valk again, I need him as the good old valk
Ay macro, you should have talked about the heal dash or fly animation cancel
It's a locus from bo3
7:08 i dont realy think cause il be honest, most noobs dont have good aim so good luck hitting the sniper shots edit: when they gonna rework pathfinder and give him another passive when 6 charcters can use survey beacons?
Lets learn her shall we?   Never gets old
I think i found my main
I wish we were able to kill echo
Vantage is my most favourite recent legend. For me the newer ones are a let down but vantage is perfect! Respawn seem to be improving
I think she's perfect due to the fact that apex is a team game and she fits well as a recon teammate,  with any other legend. Her tactical is great I wish apex made more like her I also wish they get rid of new castle and give life line back her shield that was put up when you revived your teammate.  That was great the perfect medic now a dumpster fire of a character.
22nd wow
Vantage's alt puts the same fear as seing a sniper from tf2 laser
This season in my opinion is great compared to the last season. Last season was an l for me
I use to hate snipers but now its the only thing i use
I don't know if I can play apex again dude it's gotten so boring. this season better be good
Right now I think she is pretty balanced for a beginning season legend
It’s Morbin Time
Macro if your theroy with maras mom is correct than she would be fighting with her daughter
I’m so happy for vantage :D longbow is my fav weapon I’m a sniper fanboy don’t judge me.
Echo is cute :)
Fun fact pagos in greek means ice
I think that Vantage's passive is very good for newer players as it lets them see bullet drop on snipers.
29469th
Basically Chamber's ult but WHO CARES BRUH BOTH ARE FUN GAMES AND AWSOME TOO
I was 1 hr into the season, and managed to drop a 8 bomb with vantage, note I don't use snipers often, this was big turnaround
nerfs
Even tho i already have 4k vantage i still watch
0:14 ok those are not cookies my g
I feel like they need to make vantages bat not go as far. It almost makes octanes pad obsolete. It should go higher to achieve the “sniper’s perch” but not be an insane movement ability
JFK be like 0:26
What about the Spitfire taking light ammo now?
Vantage has an AD-VANTAGE over other legends.
Is imagine she'd pair fairly well with rampart
Color in the vantage cartoon PLEASE
It's macro time
Apex seems to have a balancing issue 🤔
Wait, so no one else is having the issue where the bullet drop indicator doesnt change regardless of distance?
3:12 vantage says that in game lmao
Feels so low effort video......
I want the laser coming outta that sniper removed or kinda made hard to see
1:09 Mac bring up a good point. i think i would have made her character more entertaining if she was socially awkward and felt like she was there only for her mom and that was in over her head. then in future seasons her character changes and get more acquainted with the other legends .
My boi has a tesla !!! Very nice
Apex and nerf should collab and make vantages sniper, and well all the other guns
Gotta have that ad-Vantage
I just wanna play bangalore man
Macro cooking stream
Man a double pun about a double jump? He really has ascended to dad joke level.😂
Vantage is sooo good! Happy you made this so I can get better with her!
Yes I'm so special I got the 306th comment😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳
He did the three sixty no scope that i asked for!!!
Batgirl now in apex
Can i get a pin pls and i love ur vids
I peeped that tesla in the intro 👀  I see you prospering out here Macro lol
Faking valorant now?
I think they Will nerf her ult
Balance legends
A character with a sniper rifle for an ultimate huh, wonder where they got that idea   *chamber noises*
Yo lets go morbius in apex
Mad maggie ult should get her a shotgun as well dude, this is unfair
Make it for a Echo and reveal peoples location
I love your videos
We truly have the AD-Vantage get it?
Omg they added chamber to apex!
Laser is God🤯
On controller you can’t use ult accelerants if you have more than one bullet on the sniper
love you macro
Pagos be pogers
"Its that easy" yesn`t
"You should carry more ultimate accels" me an xbox player who cannot use ult accels while I have 1+ shot in the sniper 😤
Learning about this now, AND HOLY ECHO IM MAINING HER, Sniper is my favorate type of gun and moving is fun and a sniper on command? HOLY SNIPER OF LAZER SIGHTS!
I would say she needs some nerfs since fucking hell she is EVERYWHERE
Echo: there can only be one
he cant even water the plants 😨
Great video! Now time for me to miss all my no scopes😎
Macro did you know you can change your lazer sight colour
WOAH HOMESCHOOL KID SLANDER NOT COOL
I forgot how much I missed macro stuff.
Macro please make a apex legends tier list
funny..
That echo location voice line is so obnoxious She repeats it ever second
Her mother is in jail and you people are using her character to camp and snipe other characters. Shame on everyone who plays her.
as a fan of the hit movie morbius 🤓 i enjoy this video and character very much
that hit movie Morbius almost as good as titanfall 2`s multiplayer 🤔
i dunno man, vantage's ult is like chamber's ult.
Damn these vantage sweats really be taking it to another level in real life
Let's gooooo
As a homeschooled kid I am deeply offended.           10/10 video
We don't talk about how 2 seconds after the wraith missed him he died
You can wallrun with Echo's thrust. If you launch with a wall in your way it'll run around it.
Every single match I played vantage my teammates dropped in that city location and we all died instantly.  And the only match that I won I wasn't even playing vantage cause one of my teammates chose her
5:55 like how you didn't show the rest of the clip
Morbius
Finally I been waiting
Thank god I’m not late
I was waiting for this video man 😄
#28 minutes plus there someone i know who has 20 bomb and 4k already!
I see you put  your bro music in the intro!
it’s confirmed season 15 the new legend is morbius
Macro doesn't knows that the sniper lazer is me trying to kill him😈😈😈😈
Ive been up so late just for this :)
TOMORROW (AUGUST 14TH) IS MY BIRTHDAY🎂🎂!!!
.
I searched up Jurassic world dominion why did this pull up
I can’t play vantage because I can’t get legend tokens
Honestly, Ech reminds me of ARK when one creature who predicted sandstorm got named ,,Radar"
Dead by daylight for noobs?
WHY THE F DID YOU CHANGE THE SONG!
FINALLY
Straight of the bat vantage is great
WHEN the mobile legends ONLY MOBLIE or I will take ur ad-vantage
Yo the tesla
Vantage makes my chamber PTSD resurface
W Video
Dude i LOVE Ventage. I love her style, how it feels to play her, even her lore. I like the fact that in story she should not be in Apex games because shes just a kid but still kick a$$🤣. Her playstyle imo is one of the "most fresh and fun" in a long time. There are some people who say that she might not be that good/fun but what she can bring to the Apex is that she brought a new and interesting ways to see what Respawn can do with new legends. I personaly love her so much. As someone who was never a good sniper in any game i am so hyped to go and make myself better by just playing a legend i grow to like. I hope Respawn can make more "different" legends to really show us how much potential this games have and what can it give to players
Seeing self rez gone is stupid, the only reason it’s gone is because the pro players considered it “too op” like bruh it takes 10 seconds to rez.
“I haven’t ate” Grammar for noobs: It’s eaten Jk macro idgaf keep doing what your doing
can we change echos name to morbius?
E
We appreciate the time and effort that get put into these skits and videos. People will get haters no matter the situation, but at the end of the day one is working for it while the haters are typing behind the screens.
MACCRRRROOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! How’s it going
I stopped apex cuz my PC can't handle it anymore
I think the hardest part of playing vantage is landing snipes, and understanding that the lasers will alert enemies. I play on controller so I have to stick to basic movement (except bunny hops) but the tricks I know for her kit make her very fun.
When are you going to make rhapsody for noobs or at least make one with mobile creators
I have so many friends that love sniping and are great sniper players but dont like apex 😭
She Aint Under Powered, She Can Hold Heat Shields!
i think vatage is hard to play because you have to aim with her ult  instead of something like lifelines where you just use it
So the ultimate is a worse version of chambers sniper(tour de force)
This character is a advantage
At last
I love your for noobs videos
Reeee
LOVE The content macro❤️ always a good day when you post
Everybody plays her 😭 ur too funny
Your right the lazzer is scary
E
Vantage is basically Chamber from Valorant
Who knew macro was pred. Wow Amazing achievement Macro
love you macro
I will have a clip in my . Exe where there is 3 lazers
So far every Vantage player I’ve had has run off on there own and died.
Something you missed, crouching during the vantage jump sends you to the ground. this is usefull for pushing, as you don't get the delay of having to double jump, and just is cool in general.
hey
Movement and scan?! This is definitely a very offensive legend.
I love the part when she said "its morbin time" And morbed all the bad guys   Edit: why the hell is everyone arguing about the integrity of morbius  Ps: i comment this on every reaction of this trailer I see so you might find my comment on another reaction
Hi macro Nickelodeon all star brawl added items and finally voice acting and new characters I recommend u re visit the game
I only really think her ult needs yo be nerfed. Getting two shot as soon as i land is hella annoying but that’s just me
you should make a video about this new battle royale rumbleverse its very unique and fun go check it out
Am I watching this at 1:15am? Does a prowlers brain way 227 grams?
Yo guys I need help with vantage when I recall echo the whistle only shows and not any hands popup just the whistle please help(also I'm on switch)
i dont even play apex lol
Do a vantage rampart combo where you only use their ults
Ive told you on stream and I’ll tell you again VANTAGE SNIPES ARE CHEFS KIDS
Make some multiversus for noobs when more characters come out
This game was really falling off for me and I didn’t really think she’d be interesting but now vantage is my favorite legend in the game so ty apex for makin a really balanced and fun character
This is the 3rd attempt to make bloodhound so useless, like cmon, bloodhound is da only hunter here yeeeeeee😍😍
I gotta give it to Respawn legends recently have felt pretty balanced from the get go
U are doing the same thing that the gameplay trailer does but better!
180 comment
Her ability is a big ad-vantage am I right?
I am still waiting for Mirage 2.0 for noobs!
Awhh noo TURRRUUUU TURUUUU TURRUUU intro
I was waiting for this since season 14 was released!
Hi
Cant wait for the macdown
hiiiii
macro actoly died in that crash. love the commitment to the bit.
week 37 of asking macro to make brawlhalla for noobs
Correct me if I'm wrong, but vantage and rampart are the only legends that have a 3rd gun as an ultimate.
Tip 5: You have a sniper as your ultimate! Don’t carry another sniper rifle!
Hey macro are controller players allowed
Who needs vantage when you have echo
when is the macdown guys
Am i the only one who noticed that her sniper funtions like tone's weapon in titanfall
Apex legends mobile has a new season
Macro: “I could be baking cookies” Also macro using a muffin tray💀
Macro whats is this! A slimesicle video!?
Btw u can hold her E when u have echo on you so you don't need to place him then activate ur E u can just hold it and he goes to where ur looking and u jump instantly after him
I’ve been waiting so long for the for noobs
She’s so fun in my opinion
Vantage is pretty Fucking annoying
i think vantage is Romanian cuz she is Morbius so she has to be a vampire and her mother is named Xenia sooo.
The outro will never get old.
ECHO be like 🦇
I kid you not sniper ammo wingman is one of the most cursed images in game I can’t stop picking up heavy ammo and wondering why I’m running out so fast
Macro for life ❤️
That is now alot of for noobs because tbh we all need it
Y
Dude we want multiversus characters for noobs
Who that
Sojourn for noobs?
I have the same laser near my house 🤔
8 mins early
omg 6 minutes after release also just 10 min ago i was searching if you made vantage for noobs what a coincidence
The advantage that you can't take out trash 🤩🤩
haven't been playing apex in long time its nice to be up to date by macro
Let's gooooooo another video
Ay don’t diss the homeschool kids
2:50 you can see macro is predator rank already. I’m super impressed!
What’s the name of intro music
Yes finally it's been 50 years
Macro is good
Fly high Macro 🕊
Was waiting for this Masterpiece of a video
Damn I’m early
Pls more valorant content
Early
You made this in 4 days?? Wow!
( ok it's a coincidence but) Huh 8 legends in the beginning 2008 then we're in 2022 w 22 legends, and it's season 14, people born in 2008 are 14.
Notif gang
Hi macro
Echovan
Bro Macro, that's a nice El Camino you got there.
I'm just waiting for someone to trick shot with her ult
Tbh they ruined 1v1 bc theres no self rez
yoooooo
Love this sireis and I don’t even play apex that much anymore 😂
You’re art is insane and so are your explanations
New house?? 😱😱😱😱🥶🫦
hi macro
I think you have a ad vantage
commenting before the Morbius comments start
pagos is the greek word for ice btw
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Is it me or it’s the fastest apex for noob and I love it
The laser are everywhere!!!!
vantage = good
Vantage is overpowered
FINALLY I BEEN WAITING
353th viewer
This video is sure to give anyone that watches it an adVANTAGE next time they play
Finally
PLEASE MAKE RUMBLEVERSE (IT’S A GAME) FOR NOOBS MACRO PLEASEEE...
I already have 162 kills on vantage  definitely my new main
Honestly i think vantage should get a buff for a tac make her tac fly faster since its slow af
W
Ima a noob
This for noobs series is my favorite thing to watch ever
Cant wait for the fat nerf incoming 👍
Are you Namoor?
500th viewer
i love the skits at the start
Very nice love your content <3
Damn great video keep it up macro
She def deserves a easy, common marco W like always.
Hmmmmmmm noice 👌
yo its hereeeeee
Wow here before his other channel I think
MACRO GANGGG!!
Echo is adorable i just wanna eat his little face
69 comments that’s how much we love this video
Boom, laser!
Early
I hit this shot as vantage where my friend jumps over the bullet and i hit a wraith and save his life in ranked i immediatly clipped it so like def look at it no balls also im happy this is out u love watching these videos
Boom laser
vantage is the goat
yes
Ayee
casual macro W
Skull town let's go
She is too op
Thanks for helping me get the adVANTAGE
Fly bat
M mom has that same Michelle Obama book 😭
Vantange,Fuse and Octane make a really good team ngl
Every apex match rn is a laser party, go to hot drop and you can see, the 20 lasers aiming at you
Stop the sniper laser. #sniperlaservictimsupportgroup.
Yoooo how’s everybody’s day
IM SO HAPPY THIS HAS HAPPENED!
So apparently if I kill somethings parents I get to keep it as a pet? Score!
I clicked on this instantly
Yo first 250
Aay noti gang
Yes
Sub now
1 min 28 vviews and 113 likes omg how
53rd
love your videos
I’ve never been this early Before. I’m one of the first 30 comments let’s go
NOT THE PLANTS :(
Less goooooo
Hi
All I've been wanting for
the fact that vantage's passive works through bangalore's smoke is incredible
Hello macro
vantage is so cute
Llllll
Early
e
Amazing
I saw a Vantage with over 300 kills in one match. Truly an apex experience.
He
i needed this
25th!!
Epic
hello macro
Letz goooooo
Lazarbeam
LETS GOOOOOOOO
Is vantage an A or S tier hero
Ha
Macro thank u
my god macro too good with these intros fr make a movie trust it will be worth lol
Still haven’t been able to get her bc of the prestige level up rewards glitch (I don’t get any legend tokens)
I love you macro I wanna f-
Yeeeaaahhh baaaabyyyy  (Macro you are the best)
3 viewers but 20 commented 😭
noti gang ?
First lol
3rd comment
W post macro
rubleverse for noobs
The moment I saw it I immediately stopped what I was doing  and watched it
3rd
Clicked so fast
Ok she’s a pretty good legend and all but her look/skins are horrible. And her voice lines….🤢🤢
I love Vantage & Macro! <3
Love your content. Glad to see the tradition lives on
First
YA NOOOOOOOOOOB
Yeeeeeeeeeeeesssssssss
12th
True
not first
hi
Macro please do more multiversus videos! :)
Sup
Guess snipers take ad"vantage" of all aspects of your life now...
Early
This guy is so underrated
Second man!
IM EARLY MACRO IVE BEEN WAITING
first
1st?
I can’t even get legend tokens so I won’t be able to play her any time soon
sheeesh
YEEAAAA
2nd
Let’s go
