What did you think? Comment Bottas or Russel below!
100% Russell's fault. He panicked, and made a mistake. What would you expect Bottas to do? Just because the track is partially wet Bottas should be gentle on Russell? No! Russell should be more careful, because HE's the one chose to not drive on the racing line.
Sitting in my armchair with days to think about it, Bottas was most certainly not to blame. If I was in the car at 300 km per hour with 00.10 seconds to decide...?....not so sure.
👍👍👍
Bottas fault 100% he should've gave more space on outside, Bottas gave a car wide but that was a corner and he had more racing line space on his inside, now if he didn't wanna be overtaken by Russel on a Williams is another story
Consider the speed of the crash, the frames don’t exist as it happens so fast. The two left tires where anchors as the right side tires might have evaporated the water on the track creating lift on tires making it turn so quickly to the left. I’m not a scientist or anything, just a thought.
When Russel lost control there was over 0.5M between the two cars so he had plenty of room without hitting the grass where he lost control. Was Russel to blame for me.
Just push play and let us watch the clip first before you stop motion each frame. Some of us don’t get to see all races and it would be nice to get some context before you talk talk talk. Pleases
Botas a fault, he saw Russel in his mirrors about to overtake him in a Williams 😆 and just veered left ever so slightly gently closing the door 😂 and it backfired big time because Russel just went for the gap.
Formula video + listening to the music I like (Delta Parole, Metallica and other) make me feel the speed and excitement!
Bottas should have stayed on the left side, he knew he was going to be overtaken, he knew he would push his challenger to the wet side to try to stop the overtake. Bottom line, Bottas tried to stop the pass from happening, this was the result of Bottas defense actions.
I really, really like Bottas, but it was his fault. Russell is a full cars width below the line. look at Bottas's front wheel cross over that line. he crowded Russell, Russell had no where to go safely
Bottas is allowed to defend his line. There was plenty of room for Russell to pass. His mistake was putting a wheel on the grass. Wet grass and slicks don't mix. School boy error on Russell's part.
I think bottas wanted to squeeze him, and squeezed a little too hard honestly, and Russel just wasn't expecting it
Questions for the racer: when does defending become an unsafe maneuver? Especially when there is a high speed differential on a wet track. If I step in front of a speeding truck, can I complain that I was defending the crosswalk? Would I feel less dead if I was technically in the right?  Toto was quoted as saying that Russell needed to have it in his "global view" that he was passing a Mercedes... shouldn't Bottas have it in HIS global view that there were lots of laps left and he should have let the Williams go by? Instead, at the end of the day, Bottas had no individual points, no team points, and no car.  Since this season's rules have made the Red Bull cars more of a threat, shouldn't his global view make him more cautious and focused on finishing every race at all cost and not taking unnecessary risks, which this definitely was? Shouldn't a mature seasoned driver recognize when he's not running fast and focus on salvaging the best finish he can?  Even if he finished outside the points, isn't it better to bring the car home in one piece so the engineers and mechanics can focus on making it faster and not on rebuilding an entire car?
Bottas waited to long to decide to defend. And it wasn't clear what his intention was because he moves so slowly at first. Russell was already committed by the time it's apparent that Bottas is coming over look at his algle in the still starting at 2:27... the angle of his car looks like he is going to continue coming over far beyond the while line. Remember that Russell is trying to anticipate what Bottas is going to do and from this still, it looks like he is going to come all the way right. Bottas does cross the line as Russell is coming abreast of him and he tries to evade further right.  A mature driver who is thinking about the season and the team trophy isn't going to risk it all to stop one pass that he can take back the next lap. Considering the conditions, it was almost wrecklas! You pointed out that Bottas was having a bad weekend... maybe he was driving with his frustration and anger. I think Toto is most at fault for creating an environment where the Williams drivers are expected to drive differently around his cars. It's obvious that Russell was more worried about contact with Bottas then he was about being to close to the grass. Whenever politics gets into racing, it ups the danger. BTW, painted lines are like ice when wet... the right rear tire spins up, then bites, torque steering the Williams into the Benz.
I have seen so many perspectives of this incident, but as yet no one has really got to the fact that Bottas is in one of the top cars on the grid and Russell is in one of the bottom cars on the grid. You have to give it to Russell for giving it a go and trying to make an overtake on a Mercedes. Also, Toto said that Russell should not have overtaken at that point, and yet many other drivers had an overtake in that area including Lewis! At the end of the day, Bottas is trying to keep his seat in Mercedes and Russell is trying to take that seat from him, it is, at the end of the day, a racing incident.
I am not a pro driver nor a race enthusiast. When you guys started talking about pushing to the limit. Enthusiast said driver on right was pushing it, and you (Driver 61) said driver on left was pushing driver on right to the limit, because that's what it's about. Don't push me even harder then I am already going, if you aren't even pushing yourself! So if driver on left was pushing as hard as driver on right, guess what, we wouldn't have the this particular situation because diver on right shouldn't have been able to catch up for driver on right to move over and so called defend!
100% Bottas at fault, he deliberately squeezed Russel, because he was so far down the grid and was being made to look stupid, by being overtaken by a Williams on a straight. Toto's attack on Russell is disgusting, shame on him.
I think it's George Russells fault. You can see from Raikonnens line that by the Liquid moly sign he has his whole right tyre well over that thin white line, Bottas was still on the line and partly on the wet on the left at that same point, so he had given way to Russell compared to the racing line. As has been said, there was more than a cars space for Russell, he wasn't even that close to Bottas, so really he over cooked it and went too far right and caused the crash. Look at 2:08 vs 6:30.
Seems like one important detail was missed: the gap between both cars before Russel went wide and hit the grass. Plenty of room, Russel binned it.
bottas did nothing wrong
No he wasn't.
This idiot was at fault and had the nerve to take it out on Bottas.
Hmm Russell was at fault I think,, wet track o. The outside,, he didn’t read the conditions with as much experience as Bottas ,, 80-20 toBottas in favour,, left hand curve also 🧐
I believe you are missing two things.  1 Lewis was going to pass bottas going through that area until Lewis dumped it.  2 bottas hit that white line. Paint never dries out.  So Russell crashed both mercs on 1 corner and following straight.
No botas fan, think he is overrated but Russell is at fault - he flinched and pays for it .
@1:59 passing happens, Bottas's right front wheel is well on the left side of the white paint. @2:09 look where his front right is.
Come on guys it's so clearly Russels fault, just look at the trajectory. and vectors. Bottas didn't touch Russel as he passed, Russel was on an angled trajectory towards the 300 marker board. He had made a very sudden change of trajectory on the dryer section of the track and was going to have to rely on extra GRIP to be able to correct his trajectory back to a straight line to even stay on the track.  On the left, Bottas on a dry track has moved over and re corrected his trajectory, he is continuing straight , still on dry track and still leaving Russel room. Russel however is traveling at a higher speed, trying to correct his off circuit trajectory, by turning left while over running to the edge of the useable track on a wet part of the track while on slick tyres , possibly just over the edge of the tarmac, and he might even possible have backed off slightly causing the left side of his car to have more grip than the right side and start the rotation into bottas. Russel was never going to be able to do this safely. Its more than stupid, for Russel not to expect Bottas to jink over to within a reasonable amount to defend his line, bearing in mind if he gets past, Bottas will want to hang out russel as far as possible to the outsideand wet part of the track by braking much later, to make russel over shoot the corner or have to cut back behind as on slicks he could never out brake Bottas on the wetter outside of the next turn....thats racing as its been for 100 years..  Russel over estimated the grip and ability of his car to be able to correct the trajectory while running on slicks onto the wettest part of the track, and by over running the edge and still trying to correct left, loosing traction on the rear right wheel will spin the car left, just as easily as braking on different surfaces,  will also spin out the car to the left..  either way, Russel was going to spin....and he did, right into the side of Bottas.  There is no other argument valid.. Russel over exuberenty attempted a pass using extra speed, sudden changes of direction on a wetter part of the track while over running the edge of the track on slick tyres...it was never going to be a manouver he could carry off without crashing..and he did just that, taking out Bottas as well...
Who cares who’s fault it is? It’s racing. Move on. Flipping blame culture.
I can't believe people are defending Russell ... not so much because of the incident, that was obviously poor judgement from Russell but still just a racing incident, but more because of his behavior after the crash.  That was really poor form and bad sportsmanship, and shouldn't be accepted or condoned in ANY sport - having someone who will actually go over to another driver who havent moved from their car after a pretty heavy crash, and your first instinct is to punch their helmet because you're pissed off - that sort of behavior doesnt belong anywhere, and IMO Russell should be penalised for that.  I mean, there was actually smoke coming from Bottas' car after the crash and he was sitting still so long commentators were discussing why he hadn't moved yet and asking if everything was ok with him, imagine if Kyvat had behaved like that towards Grosjean at Bahrain??
Bottas moved right to avoid the obvious wet patch on the left. He was simply trying to avoid the wet patch, how was he supposed to know Russel would freak out and crash into him?
Russell just got too brave and it bit back. Bottas did nothing wrong
I get the feeling Botas wasn't using his mirrors. If he had, he would have noticed Russell. As it stands, he seems to have made a "defensive" maneuver and ended up pushing Russell off the road a bit.
Bottas is at FAULT.  What happen when Russel was in the 44 car?
Bottas was in front, Russell coming from behind. Bottas was still in front when George hit him. Bottas left him enough room. George should have lifted when he hit the wet track. Yes,  it looks like Bottas opened the wheel, but he is entitled to defend.  100% George's fault, he's hit him from behind.
The problem is people are trying to look at it in slow mo. In real time, you’ll clearly understand why Bottas has some blame as well.
Racing incident with the track conditions.. BUT if I had to pick I think 60/40 Bottas vault because he moved over a bit too much to intimidate Russel and it worked.
This is about the racing line. Bottas was on the racing line, the dry line. was he expected to drive the other way into the wet to let Russell through on the dry line? Russell is totally at fault here. He knows the limits in those conditions, he gambled knowing there wasn't enough of the dry line for both cars to share. Just because he had DRS doesn't mean he had to use it. Not in those conditions on a curving track.  Earlier he saw what happened to Hamilton on a curving section of the track, yet he does the same again to the other Mercdes driver. Russell maybe a good driver, but he certainly isnt a thinking driver.
So what if it was wet? Who put himself in an overtake on wet floor? Dude, if you go for  a dance don´t complain afterwards because it was slippy.... Wait for a better chance but don't say that if the other driver defends it makes you lost your focus and then shit happens. And I know Russel is a heck of a driver, but this time his is not right.
I think the bigger point is why has Bottas to defend against a Williams?? Or is this off topic?
Hamilton made more or less the same move on Norris without incident, experience has a cool head...
So, how this is Bottas fault?
2:08 Bottas is at fault. His right front has crossed the line forcing Russell to avoid collision. Which ended in one. I didn't believe Russell when he first said Bottas slightly nudged his car to the right. But Bottas did cause the collision.
Jesus Christ is the ONLY way to Heaven.
I love the chairs you're sitting on. What are these chairs? As far as who is at fault, think Bottas freaked out Russell, but I don't know if that is fault.  I like both of these drivers.
Russel went for the overtake and being the car behind it falls on his shoulders if the move goes wrong. Which it did. As much as I do not rate bottas this was defo russels fault.
It's so obvious and apparent that Bottas did move to the right... Just look at onboard angle from Russel's car and watch Bottas's car move with respect to the white line.. You will see that he not only touched the white line but also overstepped to the right by a long way just before the impact.. The impact was inevitable because Bottas was moving towards Russel at an angle and eventually had hit Russel even if Russel had not had swerved to the left due to wet patch.. I dont believe there is an iota of confusion here... Fyi - I am a Merc fan so was difficult for me to be unbiased towards Bottas..
All clever discussion but it's pretty obvious the fact that: if were not bottas vs russel the main theme of the crash, it would pass as a normal racing accident. Things just got this serious because of the discussion about driver seats for next year and etc.
So the fact is that Russel's car broke traction in the rear - you can see him correcting for that in the film - until it broke traction his wheel was more or less straight.  On a wet track sometimes a rear will light up if it hits a bit more water than the other side. Either way it is tough to blame Russel for his car lighting up on one side and breaking traction - If Russel went onto the grass, Maybe it's Russel's fault or did Bottas's for squeezing him off.... But if Russel was on the black stuff and the car aquaplaned loosing the rear then spearing into Bottas - Tough to lay blame on anyone... but it did save Lewis's Race.... Ordered... ?
It is really simple. Watch the overtake from Hamilton in lap 60. Exactly the same situation, exactly the same driving from the slower car and nothing happens. Clearly a misjudgment on the part of Russell. 330 km/h, a tight space, shit happens...
Bottas gave space, there was clear gap between the cars.  it is a race after all! he misjudged the grip and drove himself off the track
No one cares about Bottas, he's simply Hamilt🤢n's butler.
Russell at fault. He made the choice to pass on the wet stuff.
Mainly the wet grass’ fault
69% Russell fault.
I think Bottas didnt know how wet the enge is
This is all Russell's fault ! He's also trying to prove to Mercedes that Russell is a better driver than Bottas! And instead it cost Mercedes in the end.
For me this is all on Russell, he took a chance, trying a pass on a wet track, on slicks.  Whether Bottas moved of not, as soon as he got his rear tyre on the painted line the accident was going to happen. Why would Russell, with the 'professional racers' mindset imagine that Bottas would give him lots of room in that situation? Why would Bottas with the 'professional racers' mindset think, 'I'd better hang left here or Russell will lose control'?
I think this could have been a 3 minutes video.
It's all well and good saying bottas left him a track width, but he deliberately squeezed him into the wet stuff. Russell had already committed, had huge closing speed, I don't see what Russell can do.
Bottas said that he was just following the racing line and the dry part of the track, however, on reviewing the video from Russels car its clear that Bottas saw Russel going for the overtake and intentionally drifted out to push him off the track, Bottas right wheels were on the wet part of the track, what he said about following the racing line was a total lie and he was probably told to push him off the track to cause a safety car for Lewis. We saw different cars overtake on the same part of the track and none of them drifted out towards the other car, Hamilton drifted across to push Albon off the track last year using the same shady technique, its unsportsmanlike and its dangerous in bad conditions. Bottas knew full well he was pushing Russell onto the wet track/grass and the risk involved. More evidence that Mercedes told him to intentionally cause a safety car to help Lewis, funny how we dont get to see Bottas onboard/radio, I guess we will eventually when Mercedes have heavily edited it
i completely sympathize with russell when he said bottas moved over a little bit and spooked him, but i hope he learns not to get spooked by such a small adjustment
Were this NASCAR, it would've been a full-blown fistfight before the marshalls could get there. Definitely fun watching the different cultures at work.
Bottas has mirrors. Bottas knows this is a DRS Zone. Russel is closing fast. Bottas moves the line over while mirrors are full of DRS-passing Russel. Bottas caused this by taking line of DRS-passing Russel. Bottas at fault. Explanation @ 6:11 fits the at-fault car(Bottas).
Bottas was wrong. He kept moving over and at that speed Russell went into the slick grass as a reaction to Bottas constant moving. His right front was left of the white line but when Russell got there Bottas's right wheel was well over the white line, showing his squeezing move. I'm using the white line as a visual reference only. I call it a passive/aggressive move on Bottas. But it was Bottas's turn.....
Russel's lac of experience, and over reacting, plus poor judgement. Botas can and did defend, why make it easy for attacking driver? All I can here is Albon saying - they racing me so hard.... FFS, this is racing, don't overtake in a corner with DRS on a wet track. Simple is that.
English podcasters are so biased.  Absolutely no value in this podcast
Russel bottomed out from the moment he left Botta's slipstream. That made him loose his rear. Like Senna.
Russell pulled a Bone headed move!! He put his tires slightly in the grass and lost the rear, which snap steered into Bottas!! The responsibility n blame is on the overtaking car and driver!! Period! End of story!! Thanks
Initially I thought Russell but I’m edging more to bottas now I think the subtle kick can be seen on the pit exit line as bottas uses the corner to apply the squeeze then opens the wheel briefly before going back to the left which causes the reactive doubt in Russell. The onboard would show why do we not have Bottas’s mmmm very suspect.
I think in Hamiltons case the rule which stipulates that if a significant proportion of the car is along side another that a car’s width is a must preventing forcing another car off the track. it’s hard to see the unity between the vestapen vs Hamilton Imola than that of Hamilton vs Albon Brazil/Austria
I like V. Bottas; but I feel he drifted (steered) right.
I think George was viewing bottas tire along the white line as this movement. Just before the crash his front tire is inside that white line and at the point where George reacts to that visual of the tire and the line distance.
What got me about this incident was how the drivers reacted. Like a pair of spoilt kids. I know its part of a drivers mentality to never accept failure. But by the same token these guys are hugely experienced racers and on the world stage. They should show a bit more maturity.
I think it's tough to assign blame anywhere but Bottas had more ability to avoid it. You can't expect drivers to take account of their opponents safety, so you can't really blame bottas for leaving Russel on the wet patch. But at the same time the kink and squeeze from Bottas is inexcusable. It's legal in the rules but that doesn't make it right, having the same mentality of pushing opponents off the line like in slow turns on those high speed corners is just not right. You wouldn't squeeze a driver off the line in a turn like parabolica or eau rouge because that's just blatantly dangerous, the same should apply here. Plus i think even Ricciardo weighed in and said that when a driver jinks over like that, you have no way of knowing how much they're going to squeeze into you so you have to stay a fair bit away from them out of sheer safety, so the amount of track Russel had was nowhere near as wide as it looks from the couch.    But on the flipside Bottas couldn't have known how catastrophically Russel would lose grip so you can't completely level it on him
At no point did Bottas leave less than a car (+) space.  Russell bottled it and caused the crash.  His reaction, going over to Bottas was extremely disappointing.
I have a series of 6 in-car images from Russell's car that shows Bottas was more at fault, i would love to be able to post these images here to demonstrate the explanation below:  In image 1 and 2 watch Bottas front tyre relative to white line and also take note of Russell's steering wheel position. In image 3 look at the move of Bottas towards the white line and also the steering wheel correction of Russel to avoid Bottas, this is where Russell starts to loose the car after this sudden correction to avoid contact while on the wet side of the track.  Look at the difference in track position between image 2 and 3 and it shows the amount of lateral shift over a short distance in time. A large pendulum effect would have caused lack of traction and grip on the tyres at this point.  Image 3 where Russell corrects to avoid Bottas is where Russell loses the front.  In images 4 & 5 Russel was already too late to catch the car as the front was pushing out towards the edge of the track and Russell starts to correct by turning left but he had no grip, and you can still see Bottas has crossed the white line by now but Russell was already in trouble.  Images 5 & 6 show the front pushing out and Russell continues to try and steer away from the edge of the track but the cars momentum is carrying it out there with nothing Russell could do.
Same story always people from UK is always blaming that us everyone else fault but not a OK driver because simple you are brainwashed with your OK bad attitude. This was clearly stupid and arrogant error if Bottas.. Just stop the blame game
hakkinen mc`laren, bottas mercedes? nice to drive for free
My opinion is that Bottas didn't do anything unpredictable... I raced only in games, but from what I see, I could expect everything - him driving in the dry lane, so moving from left to middle of road; having DRS open, so being a lot of faster than him; left side and right side of track still being wet... Would I try to overtake him there in that kink? I hope not, because it would be my fail if I crashed... Rules might blame the other driver, but at that time it would be me who crashed there while the whole crash was preventable...
If you look at your video between 6:26 and 6:29, you see Bottas going over the pit exit white line, thus leaving little room for Russel. I also think Russel has to continue showing what he can do, this seemed like an opportunity to do so. Touch call in any situation, especially at these speed. I love both drivers, happy no one got hurt.
In short, it seems to me that Russel get afraid by Bottas's move and put right rear wheel on white line and lost it. Thinking about Alonso (in Ferrari) vs Vettel (in RedBull) fights, none of them would have moved, they would have blamed the other driver to crash on them while overtaking them, rather than what Russel did: trying to avoid some accident. Hamilton vs Verstappen, same thing, I believe. Now we must keep in mind Russel would certainly love to be in Bottas's car and so the fact he moved away from Bottas to avoid a crash seems to me a good carrier thinking. Unfortunately, the fact that him trying to avoid a crash led to a crash does not serve his carrier ^^
Russell got spooked and over reacted.
Slow mo doesnt do it justice as this all happened T 200mph
I put fault 60/40 on Russell.  It was mostly a racing incident, where both drivers could have done things slightly differently, and no crash would have occurred.  I initially thought that Bottas faded to the right to keep off the damp part of the track, but he said later that he was defending.  So he came over an extra foot to squeeze Russell.  On Russell's part, I think he micropanicked and involuntarily jinked one foot too far to the right, went off the track and went for the big ride.
Definitely more Bottas fault than Russel...
Got to admit, it was VERY convenient for Hamilton.....Hey, just sayin....not that a German company would ever do such a thing.
Go back to the stills and see where Botas's car is over the line before the crash
I'd be interested in a comparison to other overtaking moves at the same corner and how much room was left.
The fact that Bottas put himself in the situation to be taken over by Russel is inexcusable by itself. The rest doesn’t really matter to be honest apart from them walking away a live.
Come on folks, the track is converging as Russell was determined to pass Bottas.  At those kind of speeds, the persistence of vision is even too slow to be reliable.   I don't think that Bottas was taking any risks, his car was experiencing small but significant aerodynamic floating- to be expected at that maximum straight line speed. Russell was being too bold for his skill level and the converging track width.
I agree with you. I don't think legally and ethically Bottas did anything wrong. I also love the fact that Russell decided to make that move. As a fan I wanna see drivers push as hard as possible. I'm glad no one was penalised because we should encourage more on track action like this. Good for the sport I think. And it is truly amazing to see drivers walk away from 200mph crashes totally unharmed.
Bottas clearly at fault, for allowing his Mercedes to be within range of overtaken by a Williams
stupied clickbait
you can see raikkonen racing line! 100% russel's fault! asshole i don't respect him anymore for what he did jumping off the car
THE CAR BEHIND IS AT  FAULT  SORRY GUYS  I KNOW WERE YOUR FROM
if u dont keep tight into left you will crash, its simple as that, it has nothing to do with rules or how tight or car widht or anything else. this corner they call straight has witnessed multiple similar crashes and all bcos someone dosnt keep left, i think present day drivers has forgotten history of this bend
Take a look at Rubens wall pass on Schumacher and you will see what a good driver can do with space.
It's hard to assign blame. But what I would say is that Bottas had absolutely _zero_ to gain. Russell was going through regardless and there was nothing Bottas could do that would result in any different outcome than Russell in front...except for that. You say that Bottas left him space as required...except that he actually didn't. If it had been dry, yes, there was the required _usable_ space left in which Russell could safely pass. That's the intention of the rule right? Except that in the prevailing conditions - Bottas did NOT leave adequate _usable_ space. That is, it's kind of disingenuous to say that Bottas gave him a car width of pavement, but oh, too bad so sad that it turns out that much of it is actually unusable. Well, the rule just says I have to leave you pavement, it doesn't say it has to actually be usable pavement. That seems kind of disingenuous to me - technically correct, but not in the intention of the rule. And it seems, as you point the closing speeds, Russell was committed at that point. So could he have even aborted the pass at that point given conditions? If not, then Bottas _created_ an unsafe condition which Russell _could not_ then avoid. Also, another line of reasoning goes like this - as stated, normally, nothing Bottas could have done would have gain any benefit whatsoever and Russell would be ahead. But Bottas CHOSE to take an action with no possible gain or benefit. He was going to lose a position regardless. But in so doing, not only did he lose that position that was going to be lost anyway, but he lost any possibility of gaining it back by not finishing at all. Not only did he lose the position he was going to lose anyway, he lost the ability to complete the race at all. He lost any ability to be able to get it back at all. Even if he was in "the right" - do you want to be "in the right" or do you want to finish the race? Is "being in the right" worth NOT finishing the race? Is "being in the right" going to fix the car?
I would say a racing incedent. Imola is a narrow pist, tricky condition.... Maybe George caught him in the "curve" and at that point he couldn't do anything, but to proceed in overtaking. At that speed is all in instinkt. Bottas left enough space and conditions were tough... It seemed that George was spooked by the look, that the gab is not big enough, because the track was turning right. I can't blaim anyone. Racing driver is thinking outside the box to be able to drive like that. They were ok, show goes on. No hard feelings
I think this one is probably on George, but for me the bigger question is how are they fighting for the same piece of tarmac? one in a merc v one in a williams kind of says a lot 🤷🏻‍♂️
Bottles squeezed Russel. Bottas to blame
Taking yourself to the edge of grip is the sport! To the edge of the road! To the limit! Otherwise go back to your PS4
He lost the argument when he started with Russel’s feeling! If he is spooked, don’t get in the car.  Why they are also ignoring that to the left of Bottas it was wet! Why he should drive into a wet patch!
For me it comes down to Russell didn't trust Bottas to stop coming to the right and he panicked. If you go for that move you have to commit and assume the driver will give you space. I don't believe if Russell was attempting to pass Lewis, Max, Alonso, Ric, etc. She would have been spooked bc he would have believed they would for sure leave room. He just didn't trust 77 and I partly can't blame him lol.
Race Driver v an F1 enthusiast I know which one i will listen to! Stopped listening to the enthusiast after he said bottas gave him enough space and russel got scared! Anyway toto wolff should be thanking bottas and russel as without the ensuing red flag Mercedes were looking at possibly zero points, instead hamilton essentially gains a lap, gets his beat up car fixed and finishes second.
Of course that's Russell's fault. Bottas is only following the dry line as he is entitled to do, and he did leave more than enough space on his right side. Russell just misjudged the situation and went too far to the right even though he didn't have to go that far. If you look at the situation where Hamilton overtook Norris, you can see that Norris followed exactly the same line as Valtteri and left Hamilton even less space than Valtteri did. But that didn't spook Hamilton and he went by without any drama. Russell made a mistake and it was alone his mistake.
I think the Russel supporters (like myself) thought Bottas move was a LATE defending move (like Mazepin's aggresive late blocking that earned him a bad rap in f2) and a bit aggressive for the conditions, not sure it could result in anything but a crash once Russel was so commited to that pass with his closing speed, and like Toto said, "takes two to tango". Really hard to defend Russel when he had the room to pass and lost it to a defense that didn't LOOK hyper aggressive. The bigger question to me is why was a Mercedes was being passed by a Williams at all, and I'm not sure even Toto can answer that one xD.
If we really feel that this was such an issue why did Hamilton get past Norris while being squeezed even more as well as other drivers in the same place???? Bottas gave even more than enough space but knew it was stupid at the time to go off the dry part of the track, Russel saw an opportunity but overlooked how it would follow through (even in racing patience is key). It's not 60/40, Russel made the error of judgement and was too conceited to own up to HIS mistake.
If you think Bottas was in the wrong, remember: he left a car width. Can the same be said of Verstappen at turn 2 lap 1? He did not, and Hamilton managed to not lose it despite being put onto the kerbs, because he was expecting to be / anticipating being squeezed, whereas Russell was obviously expecting Bottas to just let him by without a fight. Just a thought.
Fuck sake. Bottas followed the racing and the dry line. Its a curve so he is going to straighten. You have to leave a cars width which he did,wet not wet not his problem.
I don't see how its anybody's fault. Wet track, racing incident.
Schumacher did similar move in his racing time. The famous one was when scummi push Barichello William in Hungary 2010 to paddock wall while tried to pass scummi in straight line in max speed. No time pinalty for scummi coz its part of racing/game. Dont be pussy, its racing action that spectator want to see.  MotoGP rider more dangerous than F1, yet they do all trick and effort to surpass other rider with 300kph on bike. No body complaint coz they embrace dangerous of motogp racing. Once you sign the contract as rider or driver racing, you know that you play near to death game no matter how safe you vehicle or the rules.
from Raikkonen POV you can see that Bottas his edging the dry patch and left enough space to his right but Russel went for a move on the outside in the wet and lost it. that's my opinion.
Bottas made a dick move to push Russell (on slick tires) into the wet over 9th place and that's all there is to it.  Look how much room Bottas has on the left side, he's come way past halfway and over the white line to block Russell.  I would say if this were for a podium place, or the lead...fair game...but not here.  This is supposed to be a race and drivers are supposed to try and overtake.  If you have to wreck someone to keep your position you are just playing chicken and then asking Daddy Toto to cover for you.
Well no actually No, why do you all blame Russel, just because he didn't take into consideration that passing Bottas in a tight gap might prove disaster, equally well more experienced Bottas should have also worked oyt that nutter Russel might bring him down with him so let the fucker pass, so if Bottas was any better or clevere, he would have slowed down a fraction and let Russel pass, why make it hard for him when the fact was he had better speed..........so you see everyone s wrong, if someone is driving towards me do I avoid or do I say eff you  and you can smash into me. It takes two to tango, if one backed out then this would have been all avoided, if you want to survive, play a coward, but if you play brave, you are a dead hero. I would rather be a coward and survive, it is not survival of  fittest but survival of brainier.  What is big an elephant or a brain?
Ahhh... no!  Bottas may not have driven Russell off the track, but he sure as hell made a last milli-second move to, at 330kph.  Had he parked is Merc over 5 feet to the right BEFORE Russell made his move, fine, but his reaction move was not on. The stewards may not have penalized Bottas, and Toto backed him(political), but he deserved the smack in the head he got. I have been racing for 23 years, and enjoy tough-clean competition, and that was BS. Nothing like Verstappen and Hamilton as they were side by side, that was tough but clean.
BottomAss drifted wide while he knew Russell was passing under DRS.  Complete B.S. driving and exactly the kind of trash I expect from him since the very first race I watched with him. I was on the fence before watching this, but now I'm totally on Russell's side.
I mean, the Russel on board footage shows it all. Botas left him a car and a half's width. There are PLENTY of other incidents where less room was left and it was deemed a "racing incident." Russel screwed it up. Bottas was on the racing line. It is not his responsibility to move out of the way for somebody else he is racing. He didn't even squeeze Russel. When Russel crashed, there was at least a car and a half's width between bottas and the edge of the track.   It's clear it's NOT Bottas's fault. He's looking ahead, not behind.
Both are fault.Bottas didnt have to let Russel but he could.Bottas made fast apex to right and scared Rrussell he might not see him  .Maybe was wet  but if you look closly you see that Bottas had more dry track on left.  Look at other drivers how the make much more smooth apex on 1st corner of the track even on "wet "   The truth is Russels fault was overtaking  Botttas .Bottas fault was not letting him overtake . I would rather let Russel throught to lose 1 pace than  have a crash a saying it was not fault. Sorry Bottas  but  you know your apex exit  was very wide and fast  ;)
Bottas Fault.
https://youtu.be/uDPgVqRBUaM
Russel will never win a race, let that sink
I’m seeing Bottas following the dry line if you look at it from the Alfa Romeo the dry line moves over to the right.
Bottas left Russell room and when George dropped a wheel off the track, he was three feet from Bottas.
He defended OVER the pit exit line. Way further than what Hamilton had to face on lap 60 when he made a very similar pass. Clearly, the moment he keeps moving onto and even across that line, Russel thinks he's f****d and everything's too late at that point.
It looks like the simply got spooked, because Bottas "didn't finish" the corner and comes over quite sharply which makes it look to Russell that he's gonna get squeezed off. Only in the last moment it seems that Bottas steers left again to leave the car width space. Well executed defensive move by Bottas
A late move to squeez Russell to the wet part with slicks and DRS. The space does not matter! Bottas to blame 100 percent.
Russell's move wasn't brave it was too risky and that's what happens when you misjudge a move like that
We might not have the Bottas onboard view here, but you can check basically every other driver"s onboard view in this section and see that most of them go even wider in that corner... It's simply the ideal line here and therefore I don't understand how anybody would even think about blaming Bottas!
The ouke on left knows what he is talking about the bloke on right is an idiot thanks and goodbye
Russel. It's undeniable
These slowmotions show very little, way to little frames, I do feel Bottas made an unexpected move to the right which spooked Russel. That doesn't necessarily mean he is at fault though. Russel clearly wasn't in control of the situation he got himself in either.
My lack of skill at karting when i am gung ho means i hit more people than i should even though i am not a dirty driver when i am trying to overtake.  Bottas is a clean driver. Vettel makes a lot of mistakes still. Max used to make mistakes but doesn’t any more. Lewis got to a point where he made no mistakes but has started making some again. And as for magnussen and grosjean. I don’t miss them not being in f1 any more. They made lots of mistakes.  I don’t want to blame george for this but if he had braked, they would still have had the accident. Hopefully george will learn from it.   Bottas did nothng wrong. Racing incident. At 180 mph. Approaching Tamburello. Scary as hell
You do great videis...this analysis is one of your best videos
I’m not a racing driver but i am pretty good at karting and last time i karted at rye house, i punted a few people off who moved on me in the phase between fast turn one and slow turn two because if i brake i cause a bigger accident. It’s the same at turn nine mk daytona. You can’t brake in that corner without a huge off
And thanks for the video and expert analysis
Initially, I thought that Bottas had jinked on geoerge and so i thought bottas was at fault 100% but having seen this, bottas was still going straight as the track goes left and he left george more than the width of the car. However, if george had braked, he would have lost traction and they would still have had the accident because george would have had no retardation so racin incident
i think Russel ran outta talent on this one!
bottas made him crash
bottas at fault imo, clearly to me
Bottas intention, which is absolutely a valid one, was, in my opinion, to push Russell of the dry line as much as possible to give him the disadvantage of the less grippy part of the track. Also you can see, there is a moment that the space he gave to Russell become quiet narrow. Was it within the rules, looks like it was. Was it the smartest thing to do, i doubt it. Also it seems Bottas is not the best in dueling situations, especially when you look at Hamilton driving circles around the others in the same car.  But neither is Russell. Russell is still not really ecperienced to battle other drivers for positions in F1, especially in such difficult track conditions. In the last years he drove mainly against Kubica and Latifi and more often he drove mostly lonely races.
Never Bottas' fault. Maybe not even Russell's. Russel made a mistake because he touched the grass... Bad luck that in the end was an incredible amount of good luck considering their speed and how nobody got hurt
The only question that needs to be answered about this incident is WHY is DRS activated by the stewards in conditions that make it unsafe to use?
I don't think it's a 60/40 split. I think Russell has to take a much larger percentage of the blame. Everyone know that through a corner the outside tyres take the most load and provide the most grip. In a high speed corner Russell chose to put his outside tyres onto a wet track to out brake a car on the dry line. It's not the move to make. Wet track or not is not Bottas' issue. There was more than a cars width and there is nothing in the rules that stipulate anything about sharing a drying line.  I like Russell but it's 100% his crash.
the overtaker is at fault ,,,, accelerating into a closing gap is not good ,,,,,,,, now the guy 1 lap Russel of the ill Finnish next time racing team ,,,,,,,,too impatient ,,, inexperience ,,,,,,,,, bottas following dry line ,,,,,why wouldn't you
If you watch Hamilton's overtake on Norris, Norris left same amount of space for Hamilton and no one is talking about that. I can't believe that even Ross Brawn said that it was Bottas's fault.
When i first saw this I thought Bottas closed the gap and forced Russell off. Now I've re-watched it quite a few times I think it's a 50/50 racing incident.
Wheres the mistery,Russel takes his chance and Botas tries to deny him they crash,dont over analyze it.
Boats juried to the right
I think Bottas has a little more guilty than Russel because defending his position in such weather as he did was really dangerous in my point of view.  Also, I wanna add another point of view of an ex-Formula 1 driver Rubens Barrichello in a Brazilian interview. He said "It was an accident that happens in Formula 1 in that condition of track (wet), although it seems to be too strong. Both have guilty and both could avoid it to happens, but if someone has more guilty, Bottas has 51% of guilty. Because in that conditions it's not wise to defend position like that"  Barrichello completes his comment by saying that Bottas did it in that way probably because it was a Willians driver, and probably the one that wants his cockpit. Bottas didn't make the accident intentionally but he was imprudent to defend his position.  I think an opinion of an ex F1 driver can give more credit to the opinion of an F1 entusiastic against a racing driver hahaha But the discussion about it was nice and fair. Great video
Classic case of ran out of talent and misjudged it. Its Russels fault 100%.
If I can make one suggestion, it's to have the actual footage take up most of the screen and have you in the corner; sometimes it can be a little hard to see fully what's going on in the small video in the corner.  Otherwise, I love your videos and I love your podcast, I love learning about the technical side of things.
Yeah, for me it was clearly Russell's fault but then again I'm not actually driving.
To answer the question of title ..No . Not watching the video ,silly question.
You took 11 minutes to assess the situation, they (Russell) had a split second......
Russel's inexperience caused the crash.
First lap incidents don't hold any water (pun intended). That's how Charles got away with spinning Lance in Russia...and how old is this so-called F1 Watching Expert guy anywayz??? I've been watching Auto Racing since Gordan Johncock out raced Rick Mears to the line at the Indy 500... IJS
RR tire on wet paint = bad.
This is a no brainer... Russell is at fault.
SKY SPORT AS USUAL DO NOT HAVE OTHER ANGLE OFTEN FOUND NAPPING
*SWERVING* to Block or cause Opponent Braking (or Breaking (Wings)) or risk Crashes (OpponentAlone from 'Avoidance', or Mutual because the Ridiculous Swerving basically 'encouraged' or forced an unnecessary *Collision* or maneuver such that a driver/vehicle gets out of control is the Answer to;   *What Do We 'Eliminate' To Make Racing SAFER and Less Expensive?*    Obviously (or even slightly) Altering your line for the same basic reason is just about as egregious...    I raced for 11 years and never altered my line to 'block' or impede passing attempts...   Many of those attempts required me to alter my line to repass them on the exit because they over-committed on the entrance and ran wide or slowed too much (and I tucked across/behind them once they 'passed')...   There were many questionable passes, but I chose to be a better (smoother, faster, safer) racer instead of an being an aggressive jerk...
Russell at fault. The only thing you didnt cover in your analysiswas the white line. I think that Russell thought Bottas was coming over because of the optical illusion created by the white line in the middle of the road that doesnt follow in the same direction as the curve.
I'm not an expert but it seems like if anybody is at fault it's Russel. He overtook on the outside, in the wet, on the kink too. It looks like his outside wheel went right to the line, or grass.
Purely lack of experience. Russel got spooked.
It's racing. Neither did anything wrong. There pushing so hard and sometimes mistakes are made. It's nobody's fault
To my oppinion it is not a 60:40 on Russell but on Bottas. You have to handle a situation with that velocity differently but as Bottas had the harder impact he will have learned from that experience.
Oh! I didn't know this is a Merc fan club here.
His face when you said racing drivers don't think about getting the car to the end :D
It's Russell's fault
No one mentions that lots of sparks are coming from russell BEFORE he gets alongside bottas.
No
i think its Russel Fault the road was wet witch means that getting out of the line could make you loose control from bottas cam you can see how he leaves enough space and not only that, ALSO he turns a bit left just to be sure he leaves enough space  also bottas was following the  dry line  russel 100% knew that part was wet witch could make you spin out or even worse, crash  even without looking at the actual F1 rules you can see where the errors are
"I would have done the same, give them the space they need not an any more" Bottas gave him a lot more. Russel droped it while having enough space to not be on the grass. 60-40 russel fuck no like 80-20 i think
why did you spend so much time with the image in the wrong position. Russell moves to take over bottas squeezes. at 2:02 Bottas right wheel is on the left side of that white stripe. at 2:10 you can see its no firmly a tyre width and a half on the otherside of that white strip. The squeeze continues. thats barely a cars width of track remaining and as a result russel dips his tyres onto the wet white stripe on his right and loses the car.
If you watch Kimi's line down the straight it is way further right than Bottas i.e. Bottas left space
Bottas was being overtaken by a Williams - he shouldn't even be sat in a Mercedes let alone driving one in a race!
Just follow the dry path. That’s the racing line. And bottas was just following that line. Rus miscalculated and hit the grass. But, there was a little twitch and maybe that’s what spooked rus.
he doesnt give a car width at the end.  bottas continues to narrow the gap when it is clear bottas knows russel’s position and is clearly the slower car
I'm going to be naughty here and ask for the same level of analysis on Russell's crash behind the safety car.  It is a racing incident.  Bottas may have drifted a bit wide  but he's on the dry line and if you look down the track you can see he's following that.  Albeit rather on the right side of it.  He has also left a car's width, we have the pit exit line to judge that by.   Russell - a great driver - lunched it.  The over taker is responsible for the maneuverer and the point he executed this one he got it wrong.  The track conditions in that spot were not suitable for it.
Any chance this could have been a team order from Mercedes to Bottas to cause a Safety car to help Hamilton out after his mistake?
I'll take the opinion of a racing driver over that of an 'enthusiast' any day of the week, all day long!
No. He wasn't.
There was space. Russell just got too far over in the wet. But difficult position with split second decisions.
Jesus Christ get over this accident already, it has been discussed 100 Times over and over again, it was a racing accident, the drivers talked to each other and moved on, case closed.
its called racing, bottas was on the dry line, was he meant to stop, and give way to another car who was trying to get past?, bottas didnt move over deliberately to cause a crash, russel should be done for reckless driving!
Bottas knew his tyres weren't up to temperature. I personally think he should have given more space in the conditions.
YES CALLUM!  It's Bottas' fault all the way to me.  He's meant to be a championship contender...and he's driving a championship winning car.  He had the drying racing line to the inside that he would've seen in the laps prior to this...he could've deployed some battery boost, stayed tighter in, pushed him to the wrong part of the track for the chicane and outbraked him.  Doing what he did places his car at risk.  Russell was always going to go for the overtake.  Bottas should've known this, should've realised there's a risk of pushing him onto the wet grass, have known that this would be likely to also place his car at risk, and, taking the mature approach, keep it in tighter.  What he did caused his car to end up being destroyed meaning he could play no further part in the race.  There has been too much emphasis placed on the accident itself.  The bigger picture hasn't come into play here.  If it was Lewis in the same situation, do you think it would've resulted in the same outcome?
If its so close that you can't really decide who's at fault, surely it's just a racing incident
This is all just racing.  Russell was desperate to pass a Mercedes and make that statement to Toto.  Big reward so Russell took the risk.  Bottas is desperate not to be passed by a Williams and trying to shake his less aggressive reputation.  He knew he had to make it tough.  Alan Jones commented that Russell drives for Williams, not Mercedes and I think its silly to think Russell would not be driving in the moment and trying for points for his team.
Yes he was NINTH in a Merecedes
The real answer is see it from above. The racing line is angling to the right and preparing for the lefthander. THAT IS THE RACING LINE. Nottas is always entitled to have that and Russel needs to go on the side and in the dry it would have stuck but his newbness didnt realise its WET... Rookie mistake
There were multiple passes at that same point, & not once did the car being passed move over on the quicker car at all.    cant blame Russel fully on that one.
another take on this. Look at Kimis racing line where the incident happened! (6:47). Bottas is just holding the dry race line. In my opinion Russel made an overoptimistic move. Lack of experience... Seen this a thousand times with Max the Crash also!
You can see Bottas doesn't move over until Russell is literally 5m behind him though. He moves to defend way too late. He adheres to the line until the faint turn left and then, with Russell right on his bumper, he abondons his line. He doesn't leave Russell enough time to determine whether or not he's going to leave him enough room,.
compare this to Bottas vs Verstappen Emilia Romagna GP 2020 Lap 43
max didn't take the racing line at the start, he purposely ran wide to push Hamilton off which is very easily seen if you look at his line on lap 1 vs every other lap.
Personally, I thought Bottas' driving was incredibly dangerous. He's clearly moving right across, and after Russell had started his move.
Russell 100%, Bottas defended lightly but left plenty of room, Russell took a huge risk and it went very wrong.
the fact that people can't reach an agreement on who is at fault in the situation is honestly enough of a proof that it's a 50/50 racing incident. That gentleman's agreement I hear about is indeed weird. However, it explains why Russell said that Bottas moving to the right startled him. Furthermore, it explains why in other situations, defending drivers kept their line along the kink. That's why I feel like Bottas is at fault here. I understand that you shouldn't just give up positions but you have to know when you're beaten and that was one such case. In the end of the day though it has to be considered a racing incident because that was not an illegal defence. George probably could have done better, I imagine a more experienced driver would have made the move stick but takes like "a Williams shouldn't overtake a Mercedes" and "Russell should be banned" are unreasonable, if not absolute BS.
Bottas did NOTHING wrong. He left room etc. Hamilton made an overtake in the same place, with same amount of space left for him. He just didn't mess it up.
This and many other reason why I stopped watching F1, so many rules, so many points of view. I think soon F1 will only have 1 race at any one time... lol F1 too boring now. Use to Love it. Such a shame it has nothing to do with actual racing.
So is there camera angle where we can see bottas hands? i came very interested for that idea that maybe he made the little move and made russel be scared
Yea bottas at fault, he left him room but kept drifting over when he was side to side with russel. Clearly shown from kimi's car.  Grub move.
If you look at the frame at 2:38 bottas has travelled another 300 mm to the right using the white line as a reference ,  Toto will never let us see the onboard or hear the radio coms where he says to bottas we need a red flag , Lewis is off (settle merc fans your blood pressure is skyrocketing).  At least Lando got 3rd . Really though they were both just trying to get out of kimi’s way
No. Simples.
A lot of sparks coming out from the bottom of Russel's car seemingly well before he dropped a wheel off the road. Wonder if there's a bit of a bump or something in the road surface on the outside there that further exacerbated thing
Bottas CLEAR fault! 1. He had all the time in the world to see Russel comming, it was in almost strait line! 2. Defend position when Russel is behind, yes! But let him come to your side and after try to defend ... In damp conditions ... That was a CRIMINAL DECISION!!! 3. it is very clear that Bottas did not follow the line, the track was going a little bit to the left at that point, and he seems like going strait, and at over 300km/h a slight change means a lot! 4. And if a any of you, racing driver or not, would have to make a decision: defend a position or have an accident, POSSIBILITY DIE, what would you choose??? 5. Lando was in the same position as Bottas was, same part of the track, defending for P2, but he had the brains and common sense to keep his line when Hamilton passed him! Kudos for Lando!!! 6. And do not compare defending on tight turns, low speed with 300 km/h slight turn!
I think you should keep in mind that it all happens in an instant. Russel doesn't have the luxury of seeing it frame by frame. You can clearly see a nudge from Bottas to the right as he's about to pass him which spooks Russel to go too far to the right. Bottas squeezes him so hard at some point that half his right tires are on the wet rather than the dry line. That's pretty bold I'd say. If Bottas had given him more space I highly doubt it goes the same way. Bottas forces Russel to alter his line, at some point you can see the nose of Russel's car is headed for the grass. He's got to adjust that to stay on track whilst going 300 kmph on a wet patch. That's not going to work.  How come we're not seeing the perspective of Bottas? If he'd done nothing wrong and didn't veer to the right as he said how come they won't show that?
WHY WAS BOTTAS IN 9TH NOT DRIVING AWAY FROM THE WILLIAMS? GUYS ANYBODY?
Russell put himself in an overly risky situation... Bottas kept the dry line that forms gradually to right because of the kink on the straight.
I think it's a smart move from Botas because he found a window ,short of, in the rule and I think it's Russell's decision to overtake him with that risk and he sould expect that Botas wouldn't allow an easy overtake
Clearly Russels fault. There was enough space to pass and he went on the grass.
It's kind of dumb that you guys only played it frame by frame and in slow motion and not once in regular speed, because that's the only way you can clearly see the move that Bottas made.
Kimi seems to be following the exact same racing line as Bottas.. Just a race incident with Russell most at fault imo. The thing that made this 'racing indicent' much more than just a racing incident was Russell's unfiltered reactions after the fact. (Which are actually way worse than the incident itself imo). Props to the Halo saving Bottas' live.
I don't think either of them are to blame, I think it's the new rule changes to the cars, Russell's car is fine till he moves out of the slipstream of Botta's car, his car then really digs into the ground, from Kimi's car you can see this in effect with the sparks, in Russell's car you can see he is turning slightly to the left but the car is sliding right, watching it reminds me of the way that Senna's, RIP, car dug into the ground and caused the accident. The wet track helped but the same thing didn't happen to Lewis when he pulled the same on Lando.
Anyone who can't see the left edge of the dry line getting closer and closer to the outside of the turn is blind, Bottas was simply trying to stay on that dry patch which unfortunately for Russel meant the gap left for him was always going to get smaller and smaller. Russel had every opportunity to judge that the gap left for him was going to be too small by the time he would have eventually overtaken Bottas and back out, instead he decided to be a hero and go for it expecting Bottas (who was clearly ahead and had no reason to concede his place) to back down. Well, Bottas didn't and Russel came out worse off for trying to prove something, what exactly? I don't know, Wolf would never consider him a more suitable team mate to Hamilton than Bottas so if there's any chance left for him to join Mercedes it's Hamilton he needs to sets his sights on  proving to be superior, not Bottas. Terrible judgement on Russel's part.  As for what followed immediately after the crash, Russel going up to Bottas etc. moment of madness and left Russel looking like an immature clown really.
When Hamilton would have had real competition within his own team, he would NOT have been so many times world champion. Bottas makes me sick.
I believe both could be at fault seeing as Bottas went for a block but Russel found a gap, the problem being both did not want to back down, so Bottas continued to close the door and Russel tried to force his car through. Russel’s car snaps and torpedoes Bottas along with him. So you can argue that one of them should have backed off and there is no bias from me. Russel could have easily backed off and go for a different move since he can manage the pace and Bottas could have backed off and just follow in Russel’s slipstream and go for a move himself. No wonder why both were so angry at each other when they crashed, Russel believes Bottas should have given him the place and Bottas believes he could go for a different move.
No. Bottas was not at fault.  Source: I am not legally blind.
I got SPOOKED so it's his fault?? WHAT?
Bottas wasn't following the racing line at all. He suddenly pushes to the right to spook Russell off the track and onto the grass.  Chaos ensues.
Look at the Hamilton passing Lando at the same pace! There is the answer!  George commit to the gap and fail that!
2:09
If not bottas but its lewis, fia will punish lewis.
One driver lost control. It is totally their fault.
I feel the argument for getting russell back later in the race for bottas is a valid argument. When it is as early in the race as it is then Bottas should have just let him go. Having said that the incident is still mostly Russells fault but Bottas should have really been looking at the long game. There is an image from the lap before when hamilton was behind them just before he went off that shows Bottas further to the left.
The car on the left is the car at fault ,The driver on the left is blocking and moving right on a wet track in the middle of a left hand turn. The driver on the right was over half way up on the other car, at that point he shouldn't be forced out of the groove. Also the car on the left is blocking to the right on a left hand turn with his right front on a slick white line.
Bottas fault.  Russell is faster than Bottas and was about to prove it when Bottas gave him the squeeze.  At that point at that speed in the wet, there was nothing Russell could have done to avoid the collision.
Russell just lost his plot on this race and blaming bottas of his error
You all seem to ignore the fact that Bottas moved right over off the dry line he was on. There was a dry line for Russel to still keep his right side tyres on until Bottas crossed off his dry line into Russell natural path. Bottas was potentially putting himself in danger even if Russel was not there. Whats more there is no way he would have driven that line if Russel was not overtaking.  I think, given that DRS was enabled and he knew he was getting passed, he was on fresh slicks on his first lap out, he was selfish stupid reckless. Don't tell me Russel should not have overtaken in the designated overtaking place in the middle of a race with DRS. Does anyone seriously think he should have applied brakes or backed off for slower cars? No way that's not racing. Bottas should get punished for his stupidity. Wake up and look at the footage properly. George Russel only apologised because he wants a Mercedes drive and Toto the Big bad Wolfe was snarling. Politics ruining racing again. PS chinking right or making a defensive move. Russel was already overtaking when he moved. It was too late to attempt a block. Russel was not trying to fight his steering he was trying to avoid a crash but with no outs after Bottas moved into his path. Bad enough when Verstappen watches in his mirror to move dangerously like in Spa but moving into the line of a car that is already coming through is inexcusable
when your at fault show your anger and maybe people will think the other guy is at fault... its called deflection
If you compare the space that Sainz left for Hamilton to pass, and the space that Bottas left for Russel to pass, right at the kink, you notice that Bottas was not nice at all. And he did have some dry patch on his left.
Russel is a fucking idiot to take that chance at that "corner" at that speed. Had he done this in 1995, both would be dead or severly injured.
It’s russell’s fault, nothing more needs to be said
What series do you drive in?
If you 'give him enough space' to pass.  Why even push him, move over?
Bottas he was still moving right when Russell hit the wet, look at Bottas front right when Russell lost it.
Its fucking racing... things happens. Taking risk is one of it.
FAULT:  Bottas 80%, Russell 20%.  Bottas, you were having a bad day just let him go by, look what it cost you!!! If he would not have gotten by you here he would have gotten by you eventually, he was faster than you. Just drive your race and let him go!!!!
Have a look at Jolyon Palmer´s analysis, if you still have any doubts about the incident!  Like your channel,,,  always very well explained and with good technical foundations!
How is this even debatable. Bottas did literally nothing wrong. 10:44 Are you serious? Just watched the onboard and seen with his own eyes Bottas didn't do what you then claim he did.
Russel just showed he still has a lot to learn. From driving decisions to his reaction after. Also don’t like the new guy at all. Cringey.
Russel's Fault! 120%. Should have been cleaver and go on the LEFT side .. Slowed down a bit.
100% Bottas fault...you can clearly see his front right going on the wet part, while trying to block a much faster car (using DRS)..not like he claimed "I had to stay on the dry"
I'm sorry but after 5 minutes l no longer cared about this. An accident between two guys who were in no danger of winning the race or a title. In otherwords yawn......move on already!
This was a fantasic video, loved seeing it explained from both perspectives. I'd love to see this sort of content again.
We need Bottas’ cam indeed. I think Bottas was following the dry line which naturally moves and drives him to the right as they approach turn 2. No dry space left to Russell. But because of the dry line, not Bottas’. it seems Bottas was first surprised of Russell’s bravery.
I really fail to see what Bottas did wrong. He follows the racing line all the way and Russell has plenty of space. I don't think it's something Russell should get a penalty for it or anything, he's just lost control of his car.
If Bottas would have gave him some room and moved a bit to the left, When Russel lost control, Bottas would have been out of the way..He pushed him out if you ask me!
Bottas was having a very bad weekend. If Russell got by him and finished higher up the charts than him (in an inferior car) it would've looked very bad for  Bottas!  Bottas in all despiration jinked to the right  and actually had his wheels OVER the line  and forced Russell into the wet part of the track. At 200MPH Russell had nowhere to go and when the car lost traction, sent him into the side of Bottas. The rest is history!  Bottas should've just fought Russell into the braking zone !  BOTTAS AT FAULT !!!!!   Lando could've done the same thing to Lewis, but he didn't! Granted it was dryer then.
Someone needs to slap the shit out of George for disrespecting his elders
At 2:13 in the video, where there is water vapor coming off the right front tire - Could that be caused from water laying on the white line ? You can't see the right rear tire, but I suspect it is just like the front - an abundance of water making it slip ..  I know from bikes & cycles that water seems to lie on the painted lines and crossing them in a linear manner can be slippery ..  Any thoughts ?
Personally, I would put it more on Bottas. His move to the outside broke a gentleman's agreement and I think he was particularly defensive because Bottas knows his seat is under threat from Russell. I think Russell is entitled to make the move and he was entitled to a car's width. You can see that Bottas drifts towards the right to take the fast apex and spooks Russell. I think Bottas underestimated the speed of the Williams as he moves left when he actually sees him alongside, just before Russell loses it. 55-45 Bottas' fault.
I think Bottas could have relinquished the position to get it back later. there was no reason for Bottas to race that aggressively on a friction reduced surface. on that same token... Russel didn't need to push that hard to take the position in the same situation. i think this is 100% a racing incident, and not either driver being 100% at fault. A little bit of brain usage by both drivers could have saved both cars.
So it's 60:40 Bottas fault because: (2:26) "He left him plenty of room but that's where Russel got scared and lost it on the wet"!?  Okay got ya.  Great video and conclusion though just found that one funny :D
How slow was Bottas going? Why squeeze across ? I blame Bottas giving Russell a tight car width in the wet on a curve. Is Russell supposed to slam breaks on and stay behind Bottas.
Good point of views. It seems to me that was Russell's mistake.
Russell is overtaking. He made the decision to get out of the dry into the wet to attempt to get advantage. His responsibility 100%, his actions alone have caused the crash. He should have been reprimanded for his reactions after the crash. That behaviour is unacceptable in any sport. You want to be a champion than behave like one.
Russell can't drive on the grass.
Well, no matter who's at fault here, no way should Bottas be racing Russell for ninth or tenth place! This is his last year with Mercedes. As night follows day.
Bottas is not the one. Russel is at fault
Russell at fault, but not a malicious one. Racers go for gaps, thats why they are racers. Also , love the series idea
Russell’s fault. He had the speed to have an advantage. He should have simply waited another lap for a better pass, put him under pressure. Impatient and clumsy, not the first time for George. However, Bottas 0.5 seems in full force this season. Valteri, this is James, belt up you plum!
There's absolutely no point talking about IF it was dry, because chances are Russell wouldn't have been in a position to overtake Bottas.  This was Russell's inexperience, plus Bottas isn't that type of driver.  Another thing you're forgetting, travelling at 300kph decisions aren't made they're almost instinct and as I said it was Russell's inexperience.
Rule of thumb. It is the responsibility of the overtaking driver to complete the pass successfully and safely.
Russell fault. Clearly.
Russel all the way
Bottas changed his line by a cars width at the last second. It was always going to end bad. Its the distance at which the Bottas move took place caused the accident. Having said that, racing incident.
Bottas moved to defend, letting his car drift out squeezing Russell at the opening of the kink in the straight. He left him 1 car width, but he did move right...at 195-197 mph, crossing the pit lane out line AFTER the pass by Russell was initiated. Now should have Russell pushed the issue at that time in the race?  Probably not, but then again, this is why they are racers.
when you goto overtake somebody then you crash and burn its clearly your fault no. bottas doesnt have eyes up his backside.
I think its too lucky that bottas crashes and hamilton gets the greatest advantage??? Maybe a stretch but 🤫
Look at the angle of Bottas at 4:13 on your video. He's already heading towards the other car. He's squeezing him out so he feels he has to brake.
Driver61 5:45 how much of an effect does a Russel's bottoming have on loosing a grip? He went on the wet + he bottoms, so he looses a grip and can't keep it out of the green stuff. That's what I see here. Bottas obviously didn't want to push Russell out, but he actually did because of the circumstances. That's my view of the situation.
It's not racing if you ever have to tell the car in front to slow down or pull over so the car behind feels safer about passing. If you are attempting a pass, all risk is yours to take, except in a blue flag situation. It was Russell's choice to pass, not Bottas'e choice to be overtaken.
This guy can't believe the b.s coming out his mouth, this was 101% George Russell's fault, I understand we creating content, but let's not spread lies too.
You can see that Bottas was close to the white line before the kink, then in the kink he moves away from it by quite a bit. I think Russell didn't expect him to take a wide line being that he was there, and expected him to stay closer to the left side
Bottas basically is within the drying line the whole time. Maybe a gentle squeeze to the right, but seems entirely fair to me. I mean watch kimi onboard to see where the racing line goes, bottas could have been even further over.
I already know the answer: No.  Everyone blowing smoke up George's ass over the past 12 months has gone to his head and i'm relieved that we got to see his true sporting colours in the immediate aftermath of the accident. On a day when another young Mercedes (engined) driver shone, George lost the plot. Worst of all, he stuck to his guns after having seen the footage and only backed-down the day after when his manager (Toto) put him straight. Maybe Imola just brings out the worst in him: He's made dopey errors in both his attempts to complete F1 races there.
I believe it to be completely Russel's fault, Bottas gave him plenty of room! Plus official FIA telemetry said that the only steering input from car 77 was to the left, he never once moved to the right. That thing about the cars width and not being able to use it because it was damp, if Bottas had been further over to the left he would've been on the damp part of the track, so they may have collided anyway if Valtteri had locked up on the damp.
Said already said it again . No driver was at fault .. the FIA and Teams are , as they continue to send these guys out on a wet track with dry tyres  and run a high risk for reward getting a jump on the rest of the field. The change from wet to try needs to be a race control decision . While that gray area is unpoliced we'll continue to see health and safety issues in changing conditions and Teams running the risk .
Bottas ran George off the pavement and acted like a little beatch when he got exactly what he deserved for doing it. Russell deserves an apology from the entire Mercedes management team including Bottas as well. What has Formula One become.? Whiney entitled beatch racing?
At the end, the moment RUSSELL made a mistake is when he overinterpretated BOTTAS defense’s move. When he is loosing is car, Valteri is reopening the gap pursuing the race line. His mistake was to not trust him defending fair which would’ve been unusual with VB, one of the fairest. His overinterpretation is clear when he accused him to try killing them both. At the end, it shows how much fairness and trust between drivers this sport needs.
I think that Bottas  did not see Russell's closing speed until the last moment. The DRS was just activated and had not been used because of the wet track conditions.
Sixty-forty...Now spin the coin
The weirdest thing was that, when Russel hit the grass, the car was moving to the left, although he had more grip on 2 wheels on the left... And ( just a side note ) the Merc are driving really aggressively this season, pushing others off the track to imply the new rules....
Bottas move is not subtle, it is quite obvious because his right wheels are out of the dry line and on the wet part of the track as well. Maybe a bit more aggressive than he should, that scared the shit out of Russell. No one to blame 100% though.
But again Russell is in a Williams
i think bottas move only to the left, we can see kimi follow the best line and was a lot to the right then bottas.
These shots clearly show that Bottas was staying in the middle of the dry line. There is a shot just before Russell loses control that shows the dry line STRADDLING the white line. Bottas's move to the right was to stay in the dry line.  I've been watching F1 for 50 years. Russell just learned what happens when you get off the dry line with slicks.
You cannot analyse this in slow motion. The drivers were racing and instinctively reacted at high speed.
Russell. Bottas just followed the ideal race line which is coincident to the dry line. Bottas was 100 % of thr time in that line
Dear Bottas and you lot.. It's wet.. wtf do you think will happen when you squeeze him that hard late with a speed differential that high? Sure its legal and totally the right amount of late swerve for the dry... play stupid games win stupid prizes... it took a nerf to stop that pass there.
slow motion over-analysis. you need to watch in real time, drivers don't get the chance to see the race in slow motion. they are going at 200 mph, bottas has a right to defend but he does it so late that it scares russel whos already committed. in russels defense he's scared with good reason because senna died in that corner, and grojean had a massive wreck last year not to mention hubert.
Just found your channel But my opinion is lack of experience from Russell. if you go back to Kimi's footage you can see the race line they were all taking during the race, and of you compare that to the race line Bottas took is so different leaving SO MUCH space for Russell to make his move. As soon as Russell's slick tires touch either the grass or the wet white line he lost control. so I think Russell is at fault 100%
Russell's tyres started to spin prior going to the grass. He screwed up.
Bottas (and I am a fan) clearly drove Russell off the track, in an attempt to make his car wider albeit too late, right as George started to pull alongside.
Wrong. Bottas made a exceptionally late move to squeeze Russell.
look how far botas is over when russell snapped botas keeps moving over
Look at the next frame. Bottas is well over the white line
Honestly.......Bottas is still coming right too right and his past history is also he really does this mostly not leaving too much space as Senna used to do. Try to just enough if not less space to overtake. Leaving the decision to other driver....but in this case Bottas was too much depressed(since he is one of the laston the track)and couldn't let that happened because he has to show who is the Man of the house. Just like male lions do with theirs cubs....😁🤣
In think you've mentioned my main complaint, without really hitting it home. The white one delineates the track, so forcing a driver onto the white line means the needed 'car-width' of space was not given. I'm not saying it's definite that there wasn't enough space, but it's worth looking. I suspect that the water trapped in the last few inches of track,  between the track and the raised painted  line, also offered Russell less grip than he expected, carrying him further to the right than intended. ,
I was putting more blame on Bottas until I saw other drivers pulling out the same manouvre, all the drivers getting passed did the same thing as Bottas (veering a little to the right at the kink), and all the other drivers on DRS managed to get a clean pass, I think George’s mistake was that he pulled out of Bottas slipstream a little too late so when they approached the kink George suddenly saw the track narrowing too soon and misjudged the space Bottas was giving him.
Bottas is the one to createed this crash, if he stays at his own line and not playing such stupid games on 1 car space like moving to the middle rapidly then this thing won't happen, remember the Nexflix 3 showing he was actually slowing down to take 3rd for having Max went up to 2nd, he knows how to play mind games.
You have to remember Bottas is a very clean and cautious driver who rarely gets in these kind of crashes (except for Russia with Kimi, lol). Now Russell and him have crashed more than HAM and BOT in their whole time as teammates in F1 even though they have had few battles along the way.
Because of the weather the DRS should have been deleted on this section of the track. Bottas did move to the right more than he needed to to get around that corner did his front wheel loose grip on the white line  & he hit Russell car
Should the fact that there is an unusable part or even dangerous part of the track be not considered, especially at this speed? I will race you as hard as the rules allow me even if it can cause you your life? Ok il push you off to the wet part of the track & Let's see you handle that in slicks at 300kph! Should they not start to consider that this track is smaller due to circumstance & "we will have to do defense & overtake moves on this part that don't kill us both". Why was DRS even enabled?
A lot of people are also debating why a Williams  was fighting a Mercedes. I've got my ideas as to why this happened, although I'm just an F1 fan speculating. Would be an interesting video for sure.  My thoughts: We saw similar things across the board: Ricciardo didn't argue when he had to let Norris past, and Norris just shot off into the distance. Sainz and Leclerc were miles apart, too. Vettel seemed to be struggling a lot more than Stroll, and let's not forget that Verstappen and Perez weren't even close to dreaming of a 1-2 finish for RB.  To me, it looked like Ricciardo and Norris were driving with a very different set-up. The moment Norris passed Ricciardo, the front wings especially were night and day. Ricciardo's front wing looked to be set up more aggressively. Based on my understanding of fluid dynamics, I imagine a higher angle of attack on the front wing, combined with the increasing speed as the track dried out could've caused the front wing on some cars to begin to stall, leading to a loss of traction, increased tyre deg. and thus a lack of pace. The message on the radio to Ricciardo was quite telling, too. Apparently the possibility of having to hand over track position was discussed prior to the race, which further hints to McLaren having opted for different strategies for each of their drivers.  Alpha Tauri is an interesting case. The gap between Ghasly and Tsunoda wasn't as big, but Ghasly's radio was interesting. I heard a team that was basically begging for more rain, and was trying to keep Ghasly out on track for as long as possible (which ended up costing him a LOT of time). After the restart on the other hand, Ghasly's lap times were pretty consistent and inline with the top 10. Tsunoda on the other hand was lapping faster than Ghasly in the first half of the race, and dropped off massively in the later half.  I know this is speculation, and in terms of evidence it's circumstantial at best, so I'd be interested to see what a professional racer thinks about this.
100% russell's fault
Ur mate was listening to  the English commentry & those muppets cant c beyond their jack🤣🤣afterall georgy boy supposedly better than sliced bread🤣🤣muppets
There was definitely a lot more dry track on the inside of the corner, botas definitely ran Russell out wide... yes he was entitled to take his racing line but it was pretty much a futile defence .... given the extreme closing speed russell would have had to heavily break/life-out to back out of the overtake. Botas was tight on the inside at the beginning of the kink and was well left of the pit-lane line  but by the time russell is alongside then botas is almost a full tyre over the pit-lane line. he drifted wider even though he had plenty of dry line on the inside and run russell onto the wet.... i think he had to know it was a risk and that most drivers wouldn't back out .... would he himself have backed out of the move.... i doubt it ... was a risk for both
For me it's Bottas fault.   When you compare it to Hamilton's pass on Norris for second place (and all the others with DRS down the straight). Norris does not cross the pit exit line. If he'd squeezed Hamilton to the same degree as Bottas, would that have made it Hamilton's fault?
No, he wasn't.  Moving on...
I feel you can analyse this as much as you want at slow speed or frame by frame. But this happened for George at nearly 200mph. So the slightest move from bottas would’ve been massive to George.
Imagine you  are given a top machine like merc. Why the hell are you battling  with a williams at the back 🤷🏻‍♂️
I love this series, keep this up please
Idc , all I care about is that a williams was about to overtake a Mercedes
not a great a fan of bottas but he wasnt at fault russell knew that bottas would start coming to the right russell over corrected for it and put his wheels on the grass didnt lift lost traction then hit bottas so it was russells mistake
I find it annoying that the bottas t-cam footage isn't shown, lile that could make things much clearer
Ultimately it’s the passing drivers responsibility to pass safely. With the unpredictable conditions Russell should of took that into account  As much as it’s was a racing incident. Russell takes slightly more blame in my opinion because of my first sentence
Bullshit it was Bottas's shitty driving. Russell would take it to hamilton if he was racing in their car.
DRS to blame. Should not have allowed DRS on wet track.
for me its Russels fault because Bottas didn't do anything wrong as his move was completely legal and I have seen similar moves in the past. It's Russels responsibility to not bin it but he bined it.
It flips me to hear it's 50-50, 60-40 thing. It is a race. Russel couldn't make it stick. That's it. I don't see any fault on Bottas.
Bottas was following the dry path if you take a closer look at it. You see him moving to and then over the white line; if you look closely, you will notice the angle of the wet side of the track widen towards the line. If he was having a hard time getting his tires to temperature, it only made sense that he not cool them and intimately loose control.
It’s totally Russels fault
Russell's fault 100%  He had enough room to pass... He just fucked up by being too wide on the right !  Water + white line + DRS ... What could go wrong ??
Bottas just followed the racing line. You can see Kimi doing the exact same thing. Going even wider.
I have a little bit of suspicion: Is it possible that Mercedes gave an order to Bottas to do such a thing in Hamilton's favour?
Most important thing here is why is bottas 9th?
If Russel had of got past or along side and not dipped a wheel and spun, I can't believe he would have got it slowed down off line to get the car through 2 and 3. He was always heading into the gravel trap for me as soon as he decided to go out there.
It’s called racing. Russell was in DRS range and was overtaking when Bottas veered right forcing Russell off the track. At least I can respect Russell for racing and trying for a win, OTOH Bottas just drives so LH can win. F1 has become boring enough and if they continue to take the racing out of it there won’t be a sport left. I hope F1 considers it a racing incident and takes no action against either driver
This is what happens when dumb people comment on racing incidents.
I just think it was crazy that Leclerc didn’t have Radio for over half the race indeed!
Hey....uuuh....I’m just getting deeper into F1...What’s DRS?
The last still from Kimi who was close to or just past the initial contact point shows the dry racing line straddles the pit lane exit line. That means Bottas would be holding the dry line which moves right anyway to line up to the next left turn.  Russel is given space on the right of that dry line and Bottas is on the left of the pit lane exit line. Both cars now have wet areas to contend with - left for Bottas and right for Russel. Both cars have higher grip towards each other. Inner tyres on dry surfaces. Russel clearly picks up water and is on the white paint when his car veers left into Bottas. We can't see the rear tyres of both. Who at this point is taking the higher risk position as both have wet tyre risks and changed grip to manage? Russel is at higher speed plus overtaking - Russel has greater risk to manage. Did he touch his brakes or steering ? Higher probability Russel has more factors in the crash than Bottas. Racing Incident.
Can't blame both drivers really. Both were pushing the limits and quickly found out where the line was. Bottas could've let Russel pass and try to overtake later on and Russel could've known it was too risky to overtake Bottas there due to the conditions. Fair enough they were both not able to finish the race. Instant Karma?
Absolutelly Russells daily.....Russell drove into the grass looking grip and slamming into Bottas...
Why is bottas having to defend against a Williams to begin with lol
Years ago it was too dangerous and extremely ungentlemanly to defend a position in a racing car. Its a sad day when a racing driver is critisized for trying a legitimate overtake.
Didn’t look like Russell’s tyre was on grass before things went badly, perhaps track was a bit wet there on the line and his tyre veered right initially in response to the loss of grip.
I don’t think it was anybody’s “fault” I think it’s more just an unfortunate incident due to changing conditions 👍
Russel
Bad driving anyway. He kept full throttle when going for a low grip zone. There are more aspects to control. not steering alone.
Hamilton made 2 mistakes and got his arse save by 2 safety cars as as he often does.  Bottas now looks out of his depth now Red Bull have a decent car.  Russell was never going to replace Bottas. Wolff made it quite clear he didn't want competition like Rosberg provided.
bottas fault
He moved to late, and when going in 300kph++ this is Bottas fault.
Slo-mos are deceiving. The speeds at which things happen are very important in racing. You can't always look at still shots and say - here, look at all the space they got. 3 meters of space is one thing, 6 meters of space that shrink down to 3 meters in a fraction of second - that's a very, very different situation, it's much easier to make a mistake.  Neither of the drivers made the situation easier (it's not like they had to, though), and unfortunately it blew up on them. 50/50, racing incident.
It was a wet track. A racing incident. Why this quest for some scapegoat on which to blame everything? Russell's ambition got the better of him and he tried overtaking on a tricky track which still was damp in places. Had the circumstances been slightly different Russell could just have went off the track and lose positions and nobody would think anything of it. Many other drivers went off (Hamilton included) but the difference was they didn't take any driver with them when they lost control.
I think the fact that Bottas turned left at the very last moment proves that he was squeezing Russell in the first place, willingly or not. It would be interesting to see every other overtake at that point to see the lines of the overtaken cars and compare them to what Bottas did.
Bottas fault. For being slow, in a Mercedes. Period.
The whole drama is not so much about the incident, but how poorly Russell is handling the aftermath. Surely after all the analysis he must see that it was a 50/50 leaning towards his own fault, so why keep pointing the finger at Bottas? Show some professionalism.
Russels fault (but it's understandable fault), Russel overestimated his abilities, there's loads of space, Russel got scared by the Valtteri's natural movement, didn't have this planned, he thought Botas will sit there in the wet and take it...the responsibility is always with the overtaker, to make sure it's safe, if the defender doesn't make illegal move, which Botas didn't. It's basically inexperience and naivete, doesn't think about what the opponent will do, and it was obviously important to think about on the wet track. (But even Hamilton made a "wet mistake", so these thinks just happen)  BTW in the second incident, imagine Hamilton patiently waiting behind Russel for few corners and loosing however many seconds eventually loosing the race to Verstappen, Totto might have been even more angry with Russel for not getting out of the way fast enough...(other backmarkers just gave the frontrunners the dry line and slowed down, Russel held on the the dry line vs Hamilton)
Personally I'm with a 50:50 fault here - Bottas has given a car's width but both drivers have fallen foul of the conditions. Bottas gets his right wheels on the wet white line and that alone is going to push the car to the right - that is the "move" that we see from behind and I don't believe he has done that on purpose (opinion subject to clear in-car footage from that side). Russel has fallen foul of the same problem on an even wetter white line that has pushed one rear tyre over the grass. You can hear the engine spin up at which point both drivers are just passengers. All credit to Russell for pushing and going for a clean overtake, same to Bottas for defending as best he can within the rules. Neither driver would be in F1 if they didn't push the limits in high risk, high gain scenarios
Look at where Bottas was on the track when Russell’s front wheel passes his rear, it’s inside of the white line, add another half car length and Bottas has moved to the other side of the line. Russel thought he was going to be squeezed and moved. That’s why he was so angry with Bottas, Bottas was annoyed as his drive was going bad, and it was sour grapes on Bottas making it as hard as possible.
The discussion ends at 2:30. Clearly George's mistake.
russell wrong. plenty of space to pass.
My interpretation is that Bottas took the normal racing line, the same line Raikkonen took, but he knew there was a car going to be on that side, unlike in Raikkonen's case. Bottas is technically the car in front so has the line ownership but with the closing speed of Russell coming up behind him, he should have known something is going to happen if he closes that gap.
Bottas onboard?
Russell gambled, they both lost. Hamilton gambled onto the wet, he lost and admitted it was his mistake.  It was a brave move and you said it, he got scare.
Bottas was clearly staying on the dry line heading into a high speed chicane, with slicks on a wet track that was drying.  He did nothing wrong.  Russell stupidly tried to overtake Bottas on a wet track with a single dry track ...  with slicks on.  FFS.  George Russell refused to move off the dry line to allow Lewis to pass, and Lewis took the risk at a low speed corner of passing Russell by going on the wet part of the course, ... lost grip and ran off the track.  And yet George immediately tried to pass Bottas at a high speed corner, bitching about Bottas staying on the dry line, and forcing George to go onto the wet part of the track with less grip & finally onto the wet grass.  The accident was completely Russell's fault, and the stewards were wrong to say it was just a racing incident.    Again.  Lewis Hamilton took a calculated risk trying to pass George a lap earlier by driving onto the wet part of the track with slicks, but on a slow speed corner.  George took the same calculated risk, but at high speed, predictably lost grip ... and could have killed Bottas, who was safely staying on the dry racing line.
I lost a lot of respect for Botas with this move. With how far he came across, there was no way for Russel to know that he would suddenly stop at the last (micro)second.  If Botas was going to leave enough room (only just) anyway, then what is the point of moving across at all? He wanted to make it look like he was closing the door, which it did and forced Russel to where he would have to be to get past if Botas didnt' stop moving over, but the timing was too short to be reactive to the change.  That point meant so much to them, what a shame.
On the left a real racer on the right patriotic couch racer.
DRS at fault? The back end has no downforce
Ultimately it boils down to the fact that Russel made the decision to overtake, so therefore the onus is on him to maneuver past Bottas. Russel had every opportunity to bug out and wait for a better opportunity to overtake.  Bottas had track position and therefore he is entitled to defend his position. Russel has to accept that the risk is all on him to take the position.
That ''movement'' of Bottas was not done while breaking, and he left him enough space. I blame DRS  deployment while the conditions are not right for it.
its the same when hamilton pass lando but lando did give him more room while bottas leave no room at all for russell
Callum's famous hoodie makes another appearance 😆, great video lads.
Bottas fault 100% A hungry brittish driver behind him 100% totto cant be seen to back another driver but he will have two English drivers next year.
yes bottas was wrong.. why was a williams able to catch him?
No he wasnt in was in front
The fastest I drove so far was 250kmh on the Autobahn. But I think one thing is quite similar between driving 250 and 340kmh. And that is that you have to predict what’s going on in front of you and react to that, you can’t wait until something actually happens because then it’s too late. And to me that’s why Bottas is at fault. His defending move to the right came way too late and at that point it was impossible for Russell to correctly predict how far to the right Bottas would go. All Russell did then was to get as far to right as possible where he lost traction in the wet. He didn’t even lost it on the gras. You can clearly hear his car‘s rpm go up while he’s still on the track.
all russels fault
2:29 Bottas left him enough space? Yes, it's 0.05 second frame, its obvious now. 🙄
Bottas goes over the white line forcing Russel off at 6:23
Bottas was fighting for position, he sees Russel, push him to the limits and it ends bad. Better luck next time.
So what you're saying is that it was a racing incident, no one died and the world keeps on spinning.
I think it’s bottas fault, because he didn’t stayed at the inside or even the inner dry ideal line...And Russel tried to avoid the crash and got a bit on the gras which causes him to spin and crash into him...
Haven't seen one media person say it was Bottas fault. Take your Russell  eye patch off, so obvious he didn't do anything wrong.
Bottas is at fault period!
He is mesmerised by the leaders ability   Bottas is a solid driver, he only need drive his own race and relax.  How can Russel be a threat to Bottas seat at Mercedes.?
Russell was spooked and his inexperience led to a dumb move. Valtteri did nothing wrong. Russell showed bad judgement. Not because you have DRS does it mean that it's usable. Russell is lucky that wasn't Kimi. I wonder if it was Lewis instead of Valtteri if they would try to lay blame on Lewis in the same way?
I'm a huge fan of George Russel, but its 100% his fault!
Why cant we see Bottas on board camera?
This debate is pointless.  People who say it was Bottas' fault are saying that he should have stayed as far left as possible to make it easier for Russel. That is not F1 racing and that is a bs. argument.  And now people are saying that Bottas did make a sudden move but to the left (to give Russel mandatory car's width of space). Come on people.   Russel got spooked? I know they are driving fast but grow a pair. Especially if you are going to overtake with slicks on a wet track.  I like Russel and he did realize later that it wasn't Bottas' fault. It's the fanboy mentality that causes people not to see clear facts.  I can't believe Ross Brawn said this was Bottas' fault. Says alot about F1 management.
IMO, Bottas is just not good enough to be in that car. He doesn't challenge Lewis enough, and Russel embarrassed him when he took Lewis's seat. I think this was a 50/50 racing incident, but I think it wouldn't have happened if a better driver was in the Mclaren.
At first I thought it was Bottas' fault but then I saw he reallyleft a space and he moves to left afterwards but there is this thing, you can call the gap left for a car at 150 kmh a space and you can also call the gap left for a car at 300 something kmh a space. You travel much much faster, anything can happen much more quickly with the smallest of moves and the fact the track was not fully dry really narrows down the comfort zone at those speeds. To sum up, that space Bottas gave was just a little bit less than ideal but still I think it is 50/50.
Overtaking car is responsible
Russel wrong   he want Bottas  set
This is just too clear. Bottas left enough room for the other car, there was no sudden movement from Bottas, Russell just went into a line that he couldn’t keep with the slicks, but he was never pushed to the grass like Russell claimed.
His friend is looking at this from the perspective of someone driving on the street, on public roads, where moves to put the other person at risk are unacceptable.  In racing, they all know the risks very well, and hence take responsibility for the positions they put themselves in, and are skilled enough to get themselves out of or not enter into those positions of risk.  Every racer knows it's war going into any battle. This isn't driving to work in the morning lol  Russel got spooked and left far more room than he needed to cuz of the unknown of how far Bottas was going to go. Maybe next time he'll stay closer and risk letting the other guy run into him instead of running himself out of track. Lesser of the 2 evils...
Maybe If it was another driver Russell wouldnt be so optimistic. More experienced driver would not have lost the car.
How can Russell predict a confused man's driving. George was hooked up big time.  Gentlemen George is guilty of not being Gentleman George. Maybe he pissed getting fD by Merc for to much talent.
It's all my fault. I forgot to call George and give him his pre-race pep talk. And look what happened? (well, truthfully, I was too busy snorting Ritalin off of the stomach of the amazing gal that George's friend set me up with. What a beauty...and lots of fun to boot) Sorry F1.  I will make sure I call George next race.
You need to show each cam in real time, in addition to frame-by-frame shots.
I see Botas smoothly moving to the right to block Russel. There is no "sudden move" that i can see. Botas moves to the right but always leaves the young Brit plenty of room, albiet on a wet part of the track. Like the guys say here though, that is not Botas' concern, he is only trying to keep Russel behind him. Russel's wheel hits wet, probably the paint line and some grass, and BAM he loses it. Russels fault 100% .
I dont think so. George was 100% at fault
If you listen to Russell's revs in slow mo, Russell loses traction at the point his tires touch the white line.
I have watched and rewatched and just cannot see where Bottas supposedly changes his line...I think this was Russel being overly bold, suffering the consequences, and deflecting blame to Bottas
Mamat sweater putih taknak kalah tu haha
Bottas was legal but really really dumb. It's that tiny late swerve he made on a guy with that much closing speed, seen best from Raikkonen's on board.. play silly games win silly prizes. and the intent was dirty
Something I just realized while watching this video. At the point of this crash during the race I didn’t get that gut wrenching “OH GOD” moment that I used to when there was a big crash. I feel like I know now that the danger has been remove to such a degree that I expect them to walk away. Its interesting  how this changes the sport from the viewing point of view. But also if Russel was 40-50 years older would he have gone for this maneuver knowing it was life or death, or would he have bided his time. Surely the latter.
I saw the thumbnail. Just dropped by here to say "who are you and what did you do to the real Scott?" Because clearly you are not Scott. Bottas, what???
Just a racing incident in my point of view.  Russell had an opportunity and went for it, taking its risks. Bottas probably had never imagined being overtaken by a Williams and brought the car back when it was too late.  Hamilton overtook Lando at the same place with no crisis by the end of the race, probably because Lando just knew that was going to happen.
If the road had been dry without rain, maybe Russell would end up aborting the overtake or run into grass somewhat? Russell didn't run into grass before losing control, so how could Bottas be blamed for his defensive movement? Overtake may nor may not be done by once and there is always risk when drivers do that. You dare to do that (in WET condition), then you have to take the risk.
this was absolutely not the same as Verstappen and Hamilton at the beginning of the race, they were going into the corner at almost identical speeds.  Bottas and Russell had a big speed differential.  Russell's other choices were drive up Bottas's gearbox, slam on his brakes and risk someone driving up his gearbox and/or lose multiple track positions, or even a possible spin if you slam on the brakes in a corner with wet track all around.  Or do what he did and try to squeeze by on the outside, the only side that was an option.  When he started that line there was no space on the inside.  I understand Bottas's side too trying to defend his position, so a 50/50 fault racing incident makes sense.  But giving Russell anymore than 50% of the blame is complete crap.  If you understand Bottas's state of mind of defending his position, especially against Russell, you have to also understand Russell's state of mind about gaining position, especially against Bottas.  Russell was reacting to a shrinking gap, of all his choices he made the best one for the potential outcome of making a pass, not losing position, not crashing, I imagine in that order of importance.  Of course when you watch it now, in slow motion, relaxed on your comfy office chair, knowing that his choice results in a crash, you can talk a big game.     Your comment of "I would have done the same in Bottas's place" is an obviously easy statement.   How about you take the difficult one and tell us what you'd do in Russell's place, from the point of where you realize the gap on the outside is shrinking, not knowing if Bottas is actually gonna leave you enough room, not knowing if he even see's you or knows that you're about to pass him.  "Pass him on the outside but staying closer to Bottas" is not an acceptable answer because thats only possible after you've seen the future and hyper analyzed that future in slow motion while sitting in your comfy chair in your cool office with no stress.
Bottas was wrong he's front right tire was on the pitlane line so George had no space at all. Bottas is much more experienced driver and was suppose to give enough space to George, like when Lewis passed Norris it was the same turn and Norris didn't have his front right tire on the pitlane line and Lewis had enough space so Wolff should be really asking Bottas why didn't he give the young driver space ? when he owns the racing line ? Bottas deserves a 10second penalty on the next race, if we are all being fair.
Bottas jerks to the right, scares GR, they crash. It's Bottas's "selfish year" he didn't want to give away the position to the guy who's probably going to take his seat in the near future. VB effed up here in my opinion.
The entitlement of the millennial and Gen Zers have spread F1.  Fact, Bottas gave him more than enough width.   It isn’t his responsibility to decide to pass on a wet part of the track.  Bottas can do a fake out all he wants when he gave him the room.  If Russel wants to be “brave” then don’t bitch when you blinked and faltered when Bottas faked you out.  Bottas is not obliged to make it easier.  He’s obligated to allow you space for the width of your car.  No more, no less.  Stop the entitled whining.
How can Bottas be at fault here?  Russel simply couldn't handle the situation he put himself in, all Bottas did was to be on the track with no obligation to help Russel to pass him.
Bottas fault. He knows where G.R is - he does what he does - deeds done.
no bottas tcam?
YES
Could the Ferrari have legally passed Verstappen when the Red Bull spun off during the caution? Didn't two cars pass Perez when he spun off during the caution?
bottas cross over pit exit line, more than half of the asphalt.... russel is a racing driver.... and you know the rest.... but toto wolf comment is the stupidest
I think it’s on Russel, he was given the room and Bottas did his job by making Russel work for it. Russel misjudged the conditions.
If wet even the white line bites under DRS.
as russel's r/f tire hit that paint is there a temp difference explaining the steam coming off the tire contributing to him wrecking? car weight transfer etc ?
Obviously Russell,  strange debate.  And what a prize prick he's made of himself in the media!
Racing incident. Russel wanted to overtake Bottas and Bottas defended a bit and left enough room. Arghhh! The wet track and tires are too blame :)
Russel over did it and lost it. Bottas was just taking the driest trajectory for that curve.
Great video! Just interested, wich series/class are you drivning in?
At 7.00 you can see the dry has moved right so it's reasonable for the move right.
Forced organ harvesting, the taking of vital organs from unwilling donors, is one of the worst crimes perpetrated by the Chinese Communist Party (CCP), and it is ongoing. To evaluate the current situation and find a solution to stop the atrocity, the International Coalition to End Transplant Abuse in China (ETAC) held an online forum on February 24, 2021. Over 40 elected officials from various countries along with 117 organizations attended this event.   The video recording of the forum, titled “Conference on the CCP’s Forced Organ Harvesting,” is available to view on ETAC’s website. Several recent articles on Minghui have reported on presentations by legal experts, ethics scholars, and elected officials. Today we focus on a presentation by Ivan Vilibor Sinčić.  Sinčić is a Croatian politician and chairman of the Human Shield Party, as well as a Member of the European Parliament (MEP). He said during his speech that the forced organ harvesting is the worst human rights violation by the CCP and that Falun Gong practitioners are the main victims. He called on the international community to condemn and sanction the CCP for this tragedy.    Vilibor Sinčić, Member of European Parliament from Croatia, talked about organ harvesting in China on February 24, 2021.  Victims Are Primarily Falun Gong Practitioners Even when compared with egregious human rights violations including forced labor, arbitrary detention, concentration camps, and torture, forced organ harvesting is by far the most serious human rights offense, remarked Sinčić. Very often the crime of forced organ harvesting takes place when the victims are alive and conscious. The victims are largely Falun Gong practitioners because their physical health is usually very good.   MP Sinčić said the forced organ harvesting is part of the CCP's systematic persecution against ethnic minority groups, political dissidents, and religious groups. An example of the CCP's oppressive policies is the political suppression in Hong Kong. Living in the 21st century today, we have witnessed the large gap between China's human rights violation and the universal rights that everyone should be entitled to.   Sinčić said that many people are not aware of the CCP's human rights violations. They do not know about the mistreatment and medical experiments on Uyghurs in concentration camps. As a result, he said, we need to raise awareness of the issues and publicize the information.
If we all agree that Bottas left room...then we must answer the question...whose care lost control first.  It is not Bottas's job to make the pass easy for Russell...just possible...he does that.  Bottas has never been the type of driver to pull over on another driver and I do not think he does so here.  Russell should have waited and tried on a dryer track in a couple of laps.
Watching almost every other onboard from all the other drivers - they were *much further* to the right when no one is there. Hamilton's laps he was essentially where Russell was, completely in the pit exit lane. Bottas gave him plenty of room and doesn't make a move toward him at all outside of setting up for the corner. If anything he jerks a little away from Russell. The short version is; Russell should have made a racing decision and held off until the track wasn't as wet. There isn't any reason to push it there.   “If you no longer go for a gap which exists -" Stop. We've all heard that quote ad nauseam. Guess what? He didn't pull off the move and instead crashed out two cars. You've gotta be smart about it, and this was pretty boneheaded.
As i see it, i look at the dry line witch you can see from Raikkonen shot, Bottas didnt want to go ro the wet but still tryed to give as much space as possibel without getting to the wet part of the track. I think this one is realy hard to call out who to blame. But it is the one that overtakes that has to make clear that he has enough space and time to pull it through.
Personally I believe the blame lands squarely on George’s shoulders.  As a F1 driver you are looking to fight for every position on track in the hopes that you end up in the Top 3 positions.  Granted George had DRS and probably a 30 mph advantage over Bottas going down the straight away, however knowing the track conditions and the narrowness of the straight away George made a critical error in judgment and took himself and Bottas out of the race.  As a  F1 driver you are going to fight for every position on the track, those who are calculated and decisive to the chances at the most opportune times and that straight away wasn’t the right place mainly do to weather conditions.
Bottas pushed his car over, he was aggressive and, perhaps, intentionally wicked.
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping people from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
“it’s about fighting for every position....”. I think they were BOTH doing that.
Bottas fault... That was a car width if you include the wet paint part of the track and if they're both driving straight. But seeing how they are still turning it's not really a car width. That is exactly how cowards defend.
Okay, driver’s are wired to race, they aren’t thinking about making it to the end; so, why doesn’t that apply to Williams?
I feel like I would have slapped bottas too tho if he made me a finger idk just me I guess
Why are they not showing any onboard views from Bottas' car showing his steering wheel movements? Got something to hide???
The dry line also moves to the right!!!    Look at the track!   Bottas is driving the dry line.....
The best camera for this is Bottas. He clearly does not jerk to the right.
It’s called a racing incident.
Russel was at fault, in my opinion. And I say that being a big fan of Russel's. However, as you stated, Bottas did what all drivers do. He stayed on the racing line, and he gave a car's width as required. Russel went onto the damp part of the track with slicks, made a mistake as young drivers sometimes do, went too far to the edge of the track, and lost traction & spun. He's as much at fault here as his teammate was earlier in the race for his shunt.
Botha’s was a lot further accross the white line than other drivers
You are a joke how can Boatas been on fault
It could be argued that Russell took a chance and put them both at risk.
Amazing discussion watching different views in slowmotion. However they were in the heat of the moment at 300km/h.
After a huge crash, he came to yell and hit Bottas. What a human.
Russell put a wheel (or two) in the white line or the grass to avoid contact with Bottas, but Bottas was not that close as Russell thought. It's easy to see that gap in slow motion, not to at 300+ km/h so it's not a big mistake. The gravel theatre is understandable, given that it was an scary crash. But, after a few replays, Russell should have accepted his blame.
no
Guy on LEFT is right, it's Russell's fault for obvious reasons. Guy on RIGHT should just stick to playing F1 on video games.
How is gonna be Bottas fault ? He is defending position plus when Russell tries to overtake he goes to much to the right side and he got onto the wet  line
Honestly, Russell's post race comments are an embarrassment for the sport - "he moved a little and scared me and I was already scared of how fast we're going". Are you a race driver or a fucking princess? Look at an onboard of Perez overtaking Vettel on lap 47. That's how it's done. Nothing like Russell's clumsy and pointless shot at instant glory.
Remember when your turning a corner at high speed you tend to move out to the outside a bit I think that's what's bottas did and caught Russell at suprise
Bottas clearly went so far right he even went off the dry strip just to push Russel into the wet area. Bottas should take full responsibility.
You did not take into account that Bottas had a wet area to his left and he is under no obligation to run his left tires on the wet side and have what happened to Russell happen to him (i.e., his car losing traction and hooking right).
I'm actually moving towards Bottas' fault after this.
No, Bottas was not. Question answered.
They were not in the braking zone.  The first move left was to the apex of the bend on the straight.  The move right was a move to block, but he left space and he wasn't in the braking zone.  He barely left the racing line as evidenced by his tire being barely out of the dry area.  Russell put the car in a slippery place and they had an accident.  Nobody was at fault, but Russell is absolutely wrong to blame Bottas.
Bottas at fault. He didn't leave him enough room as he was still closing the door at time of collision, we don't know when Bottas straightened his wheel, maybe it would clear things up if we see his onboard footage
Reminds of Perez and Gasly last year in Spa. I think 60-40 Bottas. Russell could wait another lap, or a mistake, and be in the points and kick Bottas in a Merc with a Williams
Watch more closely. Go forward a couple of frames. Botas did more. From your initial point and when you freeze framed to show hw had left Russel plenty of room. Now go forward a few frames look at Botas's front wheel, it is now over the white line, squeezing Russel. The dry line is on the left of the white line...look more closely. Botas 70%...Russle 30%
You know what Bottas has done wrong here? He's P8 in a works Mercedes being overtaken by a Williams. He was doing everything wrong last Sunday. Give that seat to Russell already.
Only one car was out of control when the collision happened. That about sums it up.
I'm with you. I love Russell, and I think we'll became a great driver, even succeding in Lewis Throne, but I was very disappointed with George's behavior on Sunday. He was just reckless. And you can't talk about this incidente without pointing out the stupid error he made Lewis do.   So basically he forces Lewis to go on the WET part of the track with slick tires, and later when he is behind Bottas he thinks he is entitled to the dry part of the track?!?!?!? Come on George.... you're better than that. I won't even talk about his attitude after the crash, after de race and the sudden change with that apology. It doesn't sincere.
At the end of the day....if Russel had got by....it would have been one of the best overtakes ever, there is also the fact that Botas is driving like a rookie, he has the same car as Lewis, even George did more with the car in just one race last year until the team screwed up, Botas should not have been so far behind Lewis, he`s not even able the back Lewis up, in my opinion Toto should have swapped Botas and Russel for  this year
Analysing this in slow motion in your armchairs is much more easier than having to react at 290 mph with DRS on !! Let's put you in a F1 F1 car and see what happens
Verstappen lol hey let's look at lap 1 if ham had been inside and ver out no contact or running way off track would've happened...
33 seconds in, that guy doesnt watch races, 60/40Bottas his fault, is he insane???
I know it's different weather conditions but Lando did the same move while Lewis was passing near the end if the race. Lewis adjusted perfectly while George twitched too hard
I can say easyly that was Bottas fault . How many overtakes we had and how many crashs we had  on that turn ? My point is , Bottas let his car move towards to the russel  . ther drivers never acted like that. If Bottas kelpt his line [ Inside ] Russel had overtook him like Hamilton did or other pilots done . But as Botta tryed to Block him . Becouse  I think you must understand that Russl already had DRS was very fast and You cant Block  like that . Bottas decided to change his line almost at same time when Russel was overtaking him . Its remember how Versappen done on past .  So as Rusl already Had his DRS opende and was moving to  out side Bottas coulndt change his line  and he kept his car moving toward to Russel´s  car.
Russel had plenty of space. If he freaked out, probably he would not be a f1 driver.
Maybe the fact that Valterri was being overtaken by George in a Williams spooked him... Still think it's on George, but still something to think about.
no
I think Bottas was just following the racing line. I don't think he knew Russell was there until the last second, and on his onboard (don't know why you weren't able to get that) you actually see him jink left slightly as soon as he realises Russell is alongside him. I would say this is largely Russell's fault.  As far as the Verstappen/Hamilton incident, I despise this kind of racing. We hear commentators talking about superb, fair racing lower down the pack where they are driving side by side through several corners, giving each other space so as not to have an accident, but when Max Verstappen pushes someone off the track it's all cool. Hamilton was pretty much fully alongside him and to me, you need to leave room in that situation. Stay alongside, and he'll leave you room on the next one.
bottas was at fault, hamilton over took several cars there on and everytime he did the other car kept to the left and did not cross the line (pit lane exit line)  which bottas did pushing Russel to the right. Bottas' fault end of.
I don't know much about F1 politics and I don't care...but as a driver Bottas had position on the track and Russell supposedly had the better car, so he took a chance to pass there, discretion should have been the better part of valor...he should have waited for a better opportunity...
The first video I saw it looked like bottas ginked right and back left into the corner. But it is racing and there were on the straight. It definitely was a a brave or silly decision to go wide on slicks and wet track. Bottas gave the space.
I had the feeling Bottas was unaware about Russell being so close to him, he squeezed to the right picking the racing line then he suddenly got back to the left again, that's the moment I suppose he saw him, that's why I think it's a 50-50, Russell misjudging the risk and Bottas lacking of attention
its a 50/50 incident. They were both overly aggressive given the track conditions. Russel has the pace over Bottas. Back out and try again.
Why was Russel even in a position to be challenging a Mercedes? How bad a day was bottad having?? How many more " bad days" is bottas gonna have before toto moves him on?  Imagine he'd be making tea now if he was in the redbull camp
driver 61 is the stig?
I see it as Bottas' fault. The rate at which he was moving rapidly over to the right in reaction of Russell forced Russell into a bad angle through the kink and onto the grass.  You can see from Kimi's onboard, Bottas makes a violent juke back to the left once he realizes Russell is along side, but it's already too late.
...but bottas jinked left when he saw russell next to him , he tried to  avoid contact , i'm surprised you never got that footage .
Bottas is to blame. He just didn't want to get passed by a williams
2:30 bottas tire is on other left side of white long leaving him space. Russel tire on the right side of the line. 2:37 bottas tire is over the line on the right side now, where Russel's tire was, narrowing the space and forcing him to move wider onto the edge  It's a left hand turn why is he going right
Funny how bottas’ camera wasn’t shown during race or after. I still haven’t seen it
Bottas has the right to drive the dry line. This dry line moves from the left in the bend to the centre. Russell goes on to the wet and falsely expected Bottas to move aside in to the wet. Russell is at fault.
All I know is Hamilton gets an awful lot of safety cars when he makes an f up.....
Its Driver 61's fault... for hosting this fan blaming Bottas,... is Being scared and doing preempty moves a part of F1, or is there more liabile way to split this? 📯📯📯😅
Russel at fault for sure... the overtaking car has to take care to not hit the other car. hes the only one that can see and small movements while breaking (on purpose or not) must be expected!
The big problem is Russell is desperate to make an impression and his lack of experience means he’s been spooked on a wet track due to a very small move, but at them speeds in the wet it’s easy to see how it happened. He can see Bottas is wasting his chance in a top car and he wants to have that seat.  But as Senna said if you aren’t going for the gaps and pushing them your no longer racing. So I hope he keeps fighting and learns. Max and Lewis both made errors in the first few seasons.
My issue is the lack of a t cam from Bottas’ car.
I think that DRS was allowed too early seeing that there were wet patches in the over take zones. Racing incident that could have been prevented by race control.
Bottas attitude is just like Hamilton's now. Way too arrogant (middle finger)  that alone should be a fine for un sportsman like conduct when they had an agrement prior to the race.  Even the tv commentators got it wrong too... I guess everyone bows to AMG  unless your a fan. But if you didnt know F1 and just went by the the slo-mo footage you can see Bottas move to the right then back straight @ 180mph with the track narrowing on the right makes the move even that more of a blocking maneuver so Russell had nowhere to go.
So the judges are on first names basis now, it’s GEORGE  and not Russell. Hands on your heart boys, it George is not British he would have been crucified for months snd probably for a few seasons. Exactly what happened when Murray doesn’t like somebody. I had a lot of respect for your views until now ..... seriously
As a CDN and very familiar with passing slower cars on slippery roads. I think Russel waited too long to move over. Note the closing speed move over get settled , pass.  He didn't need the slip stream. He didn't  need to make a dry road move.
The weird thing was that Hamilton tried a similar thing - overtake on the wet side - on Russell and almost beached himself a couple of corners before. George, out of everybody should have learned not to risk it.
It's clearly Russell's fault. Bottas took the standard line, Russell wasn't even there until it was already kinda too late. When Bottas noticed that Russell had gone for it he gave him adequate room and Russell bottled it anyway because it was slippery. Not 60/40 Russell's fault... 100% Russell's fault.
You are thinking way too hard about this. George lost control of his car. It's really that simple.
My 5 cents is that Bottas could have been cooler and he definitely he caused it. He saw Russell coming fast. Was it unfair, perhaps not, but he surely caused it. Also its not fair to compare Verstappen and Hamilton situation. Hamilton just simply overstayed his welcome and was not even close to a overtake while Rusell was ballistic.
if bottas opens steering lock more it's still legal, he left more than enough space at all times. Russell ASSUMED Bottas will come back to outside where he was, and that is what you get from ASSuming. Totally Russell's fault. The smart thing for Russell to assume would have been to assume Bottas does leave him space. If he does, Russell wouldn't go on the grass for avoiding a danger that wasn't there. If Bottas would have not left space and went on to Russell, that would have been automatically Bottas' fault. So poor judgement in every way by Russell and bad driving. Nobody forced Russell anywhere, he went on the grass on purpose.
Russell`s fault. If you look on Kimi`s onboard you`ll see it more clearly.
Great discussion and explanations.  I'm a fan, but not an expert.  These sessions really help me get to the underlying causes/effects.  Keep them coming.
Russell did not make the right call by going for it, but bottas 100% turned his car to the right
Absolutely Russell's fault...gave him plenty of room. If this was another driver say Vettel everyone would be crucifying him. Is it a British thing?
You over analyzing this. The dry part is the racing line... Bottas STAYS ON THE RACING LINE after the kink in the "straight"and then stops moving over on seeing Russell you can clearly see the dry line on the right of Bottas and the left of Russell. You are allowed to defend you position. Bottas does not move he stays on the line and Russell knows where the line is. Russell got on the grass and lost control. End of.... very simple. Russell should have backed off but racers do not ever really back of if they get a sniff, same as Hamilton trying in the same race to lap a back marker and loosing control on the wet part of the track and he had enough room to overtake... You cannot overtake on the wet.... simple.
Bottas moved over the line
Bottas was at fault. Not doubt. Russel was flying and Bottas was slow and he should have let Russel pass. Bottas was in slicks and didn't have the grip....
He could have drifted innocently , you would think the burden would be on the driver who's passing I have the common sense to not go on a wet part of the track with slicks
The argument that this would have been a non issue in the dry is the nail in the coffin.  There isn't anything in the rules that says "if it's wet you need to give more room."  This was just an unfortunate racing incident and it was a poor call by Russel.
Hold on guys, the vapour from the front tyre is off the white line... the rear wheel would be slap ban centre of the rear tyre with the outside edge on the grass... but look also at the proximity of Russell's to the side of Bottas car and again the overlap of both wider rears. He DIDD'NT leave enough room.
It’s Russell’s fault. Darth ToTo has spoken
The moment was too big for Russell, DRS on a Merc. More guts than sense - but thats what we love about young drivers.  Boring old men are at the back of the grid.  In the past, we have had our socks blown off by gutsy, unexpected and unorthodox moves - Russell just did not manage to pull this one off on the damp line.   Not interested in the blame-game, and absolutely hate F1 politics.  Nobody hurt, lets go racing....
Yes we need to see Valteri's steering wheel to be sure... but in the meantime, look at Kimi's hands from his in-car (6:22-6:31).  He's on the racing line, with the wheel turned slightly to the left.  He doesn't change his steering angle in the slightest, and ends up well over that white line, on the dry part of the track..  If anything, he's gone further to the over to right than Valteri, making it seem that Valteri had to have moved left in order to leave room for George.
1980 donnington GT champion ..  Bottas was totally at fault    he DELIBERATELY squeezed Russel onto the wet zone . Bottas got instant Karma .     His total disregard for the safety of himself and Russel  should earn him at least a one race ban . Russel was going by   period .. living to fight another day is the name of the game   This is not banger racing . Bad sportsmanship on the behalf of Bottas  is glaringly obvious . My self constructed GROUND EFFECTS GT car was so far ahead in technology that other drivers would go off after attempting to take a corner at the same speed as my ground effects design .
Didn’t see where Bottas went into the wet grass but maybe I missed something? Russell exercises terrible judgement.
Racing incident 50/50.  Would've done the same in each of their positions, but of course it's up to Russell to pull it off.  Very tight margin for error but touched the painted white line in the rain.  Bottas isn't completely innocent and might have done things differently if points/championship was on the line.  Yes, racing instinct says to fight, but a champion goes beyond.
2.10 Bottas front tyre  crossed the line and Russell hit the wet.  Could Russell have passed if Bottas didn't move? Bottas might lose that position at that point but could fight  back later in the race, however two cars are out of the race. Where was Bottas wide years of experience, knowledge and skill as one of the top drivers at this point in the race? Was it worth it? I think not, both cars and drivers are out
Really, no way it was botas fault, Russel was a little Ahole, cry baby, and this attitude to go and slap Botas! man i d be happy if bottas beat the shit out of him
Bottas can be seen to be well over the white line as Russell overtakes.  Not knowing just how far Bottas was going to keep going right is what caused Russell to get on the grass and ultimately lose it.  Bottas new Russell was behind and closing in fast for an overtake.  So in my opinion it's clearly the fault of Bottas for moving right during the overtake.  A move that was bound to freak out any driver overtaking at that speed.  It's all very well people saying there was enough room to overtake on the black stuff.  Slow motion and hindsight is a wonderful thing.  But when it mattered, Russell had no idea of just how far Bottas was going to move right.  Russells move to the right was an instinctive move at 200mph, to avoid a potential collision with Bottas.  Sadly the wet grass got him. If the truth be known I think Bottas didn't want to face the ignominy of being overtaken by Russell yet again and so put on the squeeze.  Toto hasn't come out of this very well either.  He's suggested that because of his relationship with Mercedes, George should be more circumspect about overtaking Mercedes cars. A statement that should never be be made by any team boss to any racing driver under any circumstances.  Senna held the view that if there was a gap and you didn't go for it you weren't a racing driver.  I'm surprised at Toto.  I thought he had more sense.
Russell’s inexperience gets magnified with disastrous consequences!
George is way to explosive from what I've seen so far, very arrogant. As I've said what if Bottas had a neck injury and George goes and slaps him on the helmet! What an idiot. Was George's fault !
Same thing for Hamilton. He moved to the left and left Max a one car space. And that thing is pretty normal. Max managed to get the tarmac and passed Hamilton. It was not a blue flag it was a race. Russell just f..d up two mercedes cars. He has a chance to be in the best team and he already knows media is backing him but he should consider Toto (he owns the team he is not only a CEO) not the Media.
Not sure what’s the name of the guy in blue.. there’s a bit of non sense coming from his analysis. Bottas has done nothing wrong! We’ve seen moves that are far more aggressive than this subtle move of Bottas (if you want to call as such).
What's all the talk about?!! If your front wing "T" bones the car that is in front of you (on a straight away) it's your fault. If you look into it more....it becomes more his fault. At the same time, he wasn't wrong---its racing. If you don't crash sometimes, you are not racing!
Nope Russell was to blame. Don’t know why he was mouthing it off to bottas you can see clearly he went for a Dodgy move lost control and smashed in to bottas
I agree Bottas 60/40 but not because of the move, because he is sitting in a Merc and is about to be passed by a Williams... the move was fine the sheer fact he is fighting with bottom mid field cars is not.   This type of thing tends to happen back in the pack.   The non racing driver is obvious in this lol.
@Driver61  it's clearly BOTTAS' Fault! You can see his front right wheel at the left side of the white line, the moment Russell is next to him you can clearly see Bottas' front right wheel over the line on the right side. Thus not giving him space, actually pushing him to the side of the track. He shouldn't have done this as he knew Russell was next to him
Yes. He was.
You look like a nice guy, i love you’re videos very much, how many years are you in to racing?  Have you ever race in f2 car?
Bottas went onto the wet line. He did that to squeeze Russell. To agresive for conditions... Russell 70% blame
10:23 Around an oldschool track! We would like to see more races on such old school tracks. Not the hugh car parks they usually driving on these days. If the driver makes a wrong decision it need to be punished.
Russell made 1 more small mistake during this race. He got blue flag on Hamilton and he decides to stay on a dry and a Hamilton had to move to wet, and he went out of the track because of that.
Russell gets wheel alongside as they cross the pot exit. Botas continues to push him over, clearly seen with entire wheel over line.  The pit exit DOES NOT narrow.
5:35 Kimi is following the same line Bottas took, and actually drifted further over the white center line than Valteri did. I didn't see a jink, just a steady movement away from the apex
Russells fault
Bottas triggered this crash in my opinion.  The track is slightly turning left. Bottas kept inside line before Russell come overtake. but then Bottas changed his line and go straight until just before Russell's front wheel come side by side to Bottas's rear wheel. then Bottas suddenly steer left but too late for Russell to react at that high speed.  I think that Bottas's move is one of the root cause. also the track condition, track width and speed make things so difficult. Overall this is racing accident, but I see Bottas's fault little bit.
So are just not gonna talk abt how the world championship winning Mercedes team is getting overtaken by a fucking williams
As a racing sailor (iceboats and wet water boats) and F1 fan, it seems to me that there really needs to be a complete set of rules written down. The gentleman's agreement to not jink during passing moves is good. It needs to be written down. (Not that I think Bottas jinked. Damp track, off the dry line, on slicks, with DRS. No wonder Russel lost the rear of his car)
I've been spooked before at very high speed by a car jinking to the side like Bottas and I lost control too as I had to put my wheels on the grass (like Russell into the wet patch). Having experienced a similar situation in racing, Bottas' fault in my opinion. I thought exactly the same as Russell, "Are you trying to kill us both??"
Its 50-50  Bottas turning less taking "defensive" wider line  But russel also partially blamed for not braking and boiding the wet line
this question is dead, russel has apologized and realized his mistake on twitter
Russel talks about it and it makes sense. Bottas makes a slight shudder right, which is something drivers agreed to stop doing due to dangers of quick movements at 200mph, especially in conditions like that. It causes him to get scared and go further right than he need to and that's when he hits the wet patch. Haven't seen a response from Bottas yet
5:30 Driver61, when you're reviewing footage in slow mo, it would be much easier for us to follow if you make it full frame. For the discussion it's good to see your faces but for detail, we need full screen at times.   I'm really glad you're going to do this for each race- in the aftermath of incidents like this I really value the opinion of an actual racing driver among a sea of armchair experts. Keep up the good work!
There is this white line: is it the pit exit?
Personally don't understand all the hate Bottas is getting from this incident.. To me it's clear as day Russel's fault. 2:04 is a good reminder of how wet the track still was at this point, they had just switched to slicks and there is literally one dry line at this point. When I look at 2:12, that is the farthest Bottas had been to the right, and he is barely on the dry line, with at least 3 tire widths to George who is still 100% on the track, albeit all 4 of his tires are in the wet. I'm a fan of George but as long as he can't see where he went wrong on this overtake, he leaves himself open to experiencing something similar again. Position was irrelevant. Bottas should not have been fighting for p8 but at the same time he's not going to slow down and pull off to the side of the track, and wave George past. In my opinion, Bottas left way more room than he was required to, and George miscalculated and opened up his corner way more than he had to. When you consider the level at which these guys are driving, Bottas basically did wave George past short of slowing down for him. Ironically George had seen the effects of going off the dry line a lap earlier when Hamilton made the same mistake going completely on the wet line to overtake on cold slicks.
Why is there no comparison with other overtakes at the same spot? Would add a lot to the analysis.
Where's the merc onboard vids? Why haven't they released those videos yet? There's also rear view cameras where's Russell's rear view camera
Valteri said in the post-race interview that his dry tires were cold and he was trying to increase their temperature. There is nothing more to say there, his car is slower than Russell's who comes after him with hotter tires. It is understood that he must defend his position but the difference in speeds between the two cars is overwhelming. Bottas should have done nothing but let it pass, knowing that his tires were not ready. That track is not wide enough for this type of maneuvering and at that speed it is very dangerous. For me, the fault is Bottas
Russel's fault, knowing the conditions. Taste the grass and your day is done. BUT I will say this... If I were Russel, Bottas could never be my friend.
loved this, the perspective of a racing driver... as a sim driver I have but an idea, but not the depth. Every place matters, and the competitiveness of these F1 guys is way above and beyond of us "mere mortals". Points or no points, many drivers will prefer to be p11 than p16
5:11 There!!!
I'm a Russell fan and want him to succeed. But how i saw the crash was  it's a racing incident that was a responsibility 60/40-70/30 on Russell.  What he did afterwards made me question his professionalism but stuff happens and he needs to fix that
George's Twitter apology for the incident is a Mercedes PR special!
Russells fault. Listen to a racing driver NOT a couch driver. Great video!
Before I thought it was all Russells fault, but now with the Raikkonen cam, i'm not so sure.
I'm a HUGE Russell fan but this is his own fault, he's attempting an overtake on the outside on the wet line on the fastest part of the track in a slight bend aswell, Bottas is driving his line, the car pushes a little to the outside, or he's just following the natural line of the track, again, fastest part of the track, he still leaves room enough for an overtake, even if Valtteri were to manage to keep his car on the exact line there is still no way that George would make that pass stick, he's still on the wet part of the track.
auto translate be like : bot ass
In real time you can see that the rate at which bottas takes that position is very fast, and by the time bottas corrects and leaves that space russel is already expecting him to continue that fast rate of squeeze because he doesn't know what his intentions were. I agree with the FIA decision that it was purely a racing incident, these things happen and it's not either driver's fault.
Bottas was at fault. He shouldn't have been racing a Williams in the first place
I think what you guys are missing, is not comparing both drives who crashed, but Bottas VS the line Kimi took. very similar, slightly lets the car roll to the right to take more space. If anything, Kimi is more to the right.  Honestly, it's Russel's fault. He went to the right knowing there wouldn't be grip and when he saw that Bottas was not gonna compromise his racing line (not that he had to btw, he was very much ahead) he panicked.
Brilliant analysis, what a great concept 👍
“If you no longer go for a gap which exists you are no longer a racing driver” No one is at fault, it's racing.
I disagree here, Driver61. You analysed Russels decision after it was already done, and this is the difference between Russel/Bottas and Verstappen/Hamilton. Russel approached Bottas with a much higher excess speed than Hamilton approached Verstappen. Russel decided to overtake when he was 2 or 3 carlenghts behind Bottas, when it appeared possible. And then Bottas made it impossible at a time when Russel was unable to pull back. Hamilton could have braked earlier or slowed down in the corner to stay behind Verstappen and avoid these bumpy curbs, but he choosed not to.
There is NO WAY your guest saw a twitch. This was all Russel's miss judgment, where Russel went on the grass and spun INTO Bpttas... There's ABSOLUTELY NO WAY that Bottas is at fault here.
why they never release bottas pov ?
It's 1000000% Russell's foult! No excuse
valteri moved over
Who won with the red flag?
bottas pushed george out, end.. yall just fake as hell n cant see SHIT
5:32 u can fit 2 cars to d left side of Bottas, so WTF was he doin pushin George out?? dam yall dumb 5:36  Bottas pushin George out, cant yall fuckin see it? end.. gotdam
Why hasn’t Bottas’ on board been released yet???
bottas left no space on purpose, dats it.. yall just dishonest n b makin excuses smh fake asses..
3:08 lmao, u cant see it? from kimis car u can clearly see theres space fo 2 fuckin cars in d LEFT of d track, dam..
1. Left him enough space (if you check the moment where Russel goes onto the grass, you will see that there is more than enough space between him and Bottas) 2. Isn't there are rule where you can change your path once during defense?
of course, he pushed george out, end.. imagine if err one who was overtook at dat place did d same as bottas.. end yall just dishonest..
2:08 bottas is clearly inside at the pit margine exit.. russel, hes out of racing line.. too slippery on that part from wet condition, russel steer to avoid collision but hit the grass.. then clash.  i think its a racing incident bottas try to defend and russel lose it from the wet part of the tack..
Russel more too blame. However Bottas shouldn't have even been racing a Williams, nevermind being overtaken by one
russel: going to overtake on the outside of the wet track in tricky corner....the blame is on him for not judging his move
Ruel went rake a pass and Bottas drifted to the right and pushed Russel off the track, CHECK THE WHEEL OF THE CAR IN FRONT IN RELATION TO WHITE LINE
Russel need to start choosing better look last year when he had Hamiltons seat the race was his but, bad choices everytime and if he dont pull up his shocks he wont be a world champion he need to mature alot behind the wheel... his got the balls to race but need to work on the brain skills.
I think 80/20 Bottas' fault. In that still image, he isn't going in a straight line and leaving space, he actually continues to let him himself drift to the outside through the kink. As a consequence, I think he's not leaving Russel enough space at all times, so in an attempt to not collide with the wheels, which is very dangerous at those speeds, Russell is forced to move so far out that his right rear gets on the grass and then he spins.  Bottas obviously also tried to stay on the dry line, which is moving out to the right between kink and next corner. He didn't want to surrender the dry line for Russell to brake on, because then Bottas would have had to brake earlier, giving up the position. That's probably what also motivated him to squeeze Russell out, not considering how that might end up.  By the time Russell needed to pick a line past Bottas, Bottas was still completely on the left. By the time Bottas squeezed him, Russell no longer had any way out of this.
I'm of the opinion that Russel was at fault way more than bottas here.
Without watching the video at all... hell yeh he was at fault haha.
Audio, listen to the audio. You can hear russell pu spike before bottas’s jerk. Russell is already loosing control. And drifted wide and dipped right front in the grass and Russell corrects with full opposite lock and then hits Bottas. It’s unfortunate for Russell but was Russell fault. Bottas is all clear apart from the fact he was fighting a Willams. And Russell comments of track was confusing and didn’t help the situation.
Just look at the left front of Bottas’s car, he jinked and bang
What if we just apply Le Mans rules. The car overtaking is responsible for doing so safely. Shooting the outside, with DRS enabled, on slicks, moving out of the dry line, was not "safely".
i thought that this incident was quite a clear cut. totally agree with your views. Russell shld have known that with DRS + slicks + wet track it will be a highly risky overtake, regardless that he was faster than the mercedes.  It was a high risk high reward that did not pay off and he has to shoulder the responsiblity of that decision. Bottas did what any race driver would do, and it wasnt a very hard movement to the right that forced Russell onto the grass. There was sufficient space between the cars.
Russel stuffed up. He owes Bottas the insurance excess.
Thats not steam over the grass, that seemed like a lockup over the tarmac. If it is the latter (which it seems), he over revved and locked up at the same moment. What a rush of blood.
This video has cemented to me that it was fully Russell's fault.
You've come to my conclusion ..theres a corner coming,to the left..bottas has opened for the corner a head,also he staying away from the wet inner ..Russell was overly ambitious on the given surface as well as taking a risk for the corner ahead..bad judgement for george
Without the benefit of seeing Bottas's hands, I have to go with a racing incident.  I am wondering, without that incident, if Russell could have made it stick down at Turn 1.
If it´s a car lenght you cant use than just DONT use it because otherwise you will bring you and others in trouble. WHAT happened...! NO fault of Bottas! Russel overjudged the situation and got himself and Bottas out... Did Russel think that the wet suface noone used will be miracolosly be grippy for him only? Not forget the white line, also wet and also without grip... LOOK at the distance between the cars in the moment the spinning of Russel starts. THAT tells you everything.
If anything, this crash showed us how pathetic Mercedes handels this situation. It looks like a race incident. Russel was aggressive and Bottas did very little to hold his line around that bend (as we can see from Kimi's perspective). But if the Nr. 2 driver in a Nr. 1 car has to fight against one of the worst cars, there are other questions Mercedes need to ask themselves. It's a pitty that russel has basically nowhere else to go so he has to appologize to a bunch of wankers. I hope his talent doen't get ruined.
Is there no public availability of Bottas' on board camera.  If that is the case why?  It would be an interesting twist to the detriment of Bottas
Wet white line gents, thats what the rear hit and spun. Lesson learned for george, they will get intricate data on that rear right. There was room but at 200mph the room for error needs to be increased. To me its a race incident, and gr needs to accept what happens when u play in wet.
if you compare kimi's line to bottas line you can see how much space bottas left. not his issue its wet out there
"...do you take it right to the edge, and fight him as hard as possible..."  context, this if F1; the answer is YES!!!  EVERY F&*KING TIME!!!
While this IS Russel's fault. Bottas does act like he is feeling endangered by his own poor performance and the possibility of losing his seat to Russel.
imo its russels fault, but i expected bottas to see that coming as well. there was no need to squeeze him so tight to the wet part of the track, he was on the inside anyways, russel probably would have overshot. besides that, kimi is quite a good cameraman for those crashes :)
And that's how rookies learn the dangers. Even Max (Stubborn) Verstappen learned his lessons. These are not simulator runs. Toto Wolff slammed the facts as "he has to learn a lot" and "he dosesn't have to prove anything to us". Brutal.
i dont get why Russell had to apologyze.
George made the mistake of having the audacity to imagine that a Williams could overtake a Mercedes. He's already humiliated Bottas by passing him last year, Bottas' ego wouldn't let it happen again.    Sack Bottas, give the car to George.
The guy in blue hoodie...not clever.
Bottas was at fault by being in one of the fastest cars on the grid and driving like old grandma...
i put the blame with russel for this one, classic case of ambition ahead of adhesion on a slimy track surface.
I respectfully disagree with the conclusion it was more Russel's fault than Bottas'.  Bottas, being the more experienced driver should have had a better understanding of when to choose his battles! This was a pure egotistical move by Bottas, to prevent the embarrassment of being overtaken by a youngster (a youngster that is loudly aiming for HIS seat) in a  barely more than a backmarker car, while driving a Championship-winning car!  Maybe Bottas doesn't have to think about how Russel is going to make that move stick... but isn't it common sense to realize that when he pushes the other onto the wet part (close to the grass) while on slicks, he places himself on the marker for a shunt?  A bit like Rosberg in Spain 2016, when he pushed Lewis onto the grass to the right (ergo, no grip!) ahead of a righthand turn! Rosberg should have realized that Lewis was always going to lose control of his car on the grass and effectively be a passenger in a projectile, headed for that corner! A corner he himself would have to round a some point!  Yes it was perhaps a bit optimistic from Russel to go for it at that point, but (as the late great Ayrton Senna once said) when you no longer go for a gap (and there WAS a gap at that point), you're not a racing driver! Like Russel said in the interviews, in the dry it Bottas' driving would have been a fair move! In the wet however, it was suicide by consequence!  If you don't have the brain-capacity to think ahead and figure that out, you have NO buisness being in an F1 car imho!
it’s Russell’ fault all the way
And look to the left of Bottas, more wet track. Valtteri was just sticking to the dry line as any driver would have done. No twitching, no feigning, gave Russell more than a car's width on the outside. Russell gets too much speed off the DRS, puts his slicks on the wet and loses it. I think this just shows Russell's inexperience driving in these conditions. Valtteri did nothing wrong, and in the dry this would have been a very simple overtake, fair racing. 100% Russell's fault.
Bottas and Russel are racing drivers.. even if they switch positions on that moment, both drivers will still do the same... therefore, it is a pure racing accident, IMHO
if you look at the track from Raikkonen's pov bottas moved over a tiny bit as its the racing line and also the left side of cars was on wet track.
Maybe this crash would have been avoided if bottas wasn’t fighting a Williams in p9 for position
70% Russell’s fault. Bottas was following the dry line which is what he should do. If he’d moved onto the wet a similar accident could’ve happened.
This is a lot of talk about not very much. Bottas left Russell room and Russell drove off the track and spun into Bottas.
The one thing I find very strange is there is no onboard footage from Bottas at all released.
This is all hypothetical now. George has issued an apology to Valteri today...and rightly so. I am British but say it as i see it. Valtteri did nothing wrong and is a very fair driver. 200mph on slicks, ona damp track with DRS wide open ??. Thankfully George has realised his mistake and will learn from it..peace to ya.
What I am not hearing when you say "he gave him a car width" is that right at that frame Bottas' wheels are just left of the line, but a couple frames later what you showed right before Russell lost it, Bottas' tires are more than two tire widths to the right.  This clearly indicates he was CONTINUING to squeeze Russell after he was alongside and right at the edge of the grass. It was a HARD defend, not a gracious 'just enough space'.
For me, russel bumped bottas. End
The overtaking driver is responsible for the pass.
I definitely think Russell was spooked by Bottas and overreacted. The wet/dry lines on the track and the circuit edge maybe created an illusion that he was being squeezed more than he really was. Also the on board camera probably gives a better view than Russell himself had from a bit lower down. No criticism of Russell, most of us can never really appreciate what it is like to going that fast, on a damp track in that close proximity to another car. It reminded me of Alonso vs Vettel in Monza 2011 - although that time the grass was dry. Russell's reaction afterwards is fuelled by adrenaline.
Imagine one driver lighting up his rears and spinning into an opposing driver.  And some people saying it was the opposing drivers fault 🤣😂🤯    What is Bottas actually supposed to do? Move off the dry line to allow Russell to pass in the dry and give him a jolly wave past? Get a grip it's 100% George's fault and it's another basic mistake at Imola that's two years in a row. Get good.
Whatever happened, the decision was made at the beginning of the straight. Russell knew he was going for it and Bottas had already decided his defensive maneuver. The rest was left up to fate. Perhaps neither of them predicted the potential of crashing into each other or they might have reconsidered their decisions.
George took a chance and got scared, lack of experience led him to do something reckless.
No is a simple answer.  He turned out the way when he seen Russell at the side of him.  It too wet to try a move like that at 170 mph.  Was nice  to see the newer cars on such  a iconic race track.  The move  will work in the dry. 👍
To me and my dad, Bottas is to blame. My way of thinking is, do this same thing at Istanbul, Russell would spin off into run offs, and there would have been no crash. On a tight track, in the wet, making those moves onto the middle of the track and squeezing the car off, is going to end like that. Stick to the left of the track, give him the space he deserves.
There were lots of DRS overtakes on turn 1 later in the race and the car being overtaken leaving lots of room between the RHS of their car and the pit lane exit white line. Was everyone told to hold a tighter line through turn one when being overtaken there? Does the fault lie with the DRS system? Should it be disabled for wet races? Should it be allowed to be deployed at anytime by the drivers for say a maximum of 30 secs total per race a bit like an overtake button? To me this was a racing incident caused by DRS, the speed difference was too much and coupled with the lack of downforce and a damp track meant this was going to happen eventually. The DRS rules need revisiting in my opinion.
It was much later in the race, but HAM pulled the same move on NOR and didn't bin it.
I think it's a pity that even on F1 TV there is no onboard of Bottas (only the nose camera on that lap) but agreed, it is up to George to consider the risks of doing that manoeuvre in those conditions
Thanks Champ but lets leave Callum out next time. He has no idea whats going on inside the mind of a F1 pilot, period!
Doesn't a Williams racing a Mercedes automatically put Botas in the wrong? 😂
Russel 100% Bottas just got run over.
Seeing the white line, you can clearly see bottas crossing it and prosecuting a trajectory that totally denies any future room for Russel, effectively cutting him and yeah, spooking him to the grass. It's almost an Hungary Schumacher move on Barrichello, you do that hoping the follower will back down and lift the gas, but then if you fail thinking your followers will pansy the throttle, he fools him into the crash.  It's a thin line, but Imho it was more Bottas' fault.
Bolts is never given side place because right side grass wet . Russell is keep going  to overtake boltas car 65% DRS half
It was Bottas fault if he is that slow driving a Mercedes he's getting passed by a Williams he should just move over what I saw not in slow motion Bottas jerks over suddenly which doesn't show up in slow motion it's kinda like a road rage kink just enough to startle some one without really moving over
People complain about Bottas not being aggressive enough and now when he takes it to the edge of the track it's a problem. Poor guy can't catch a break
The reason you aren’t talking about the turn one move was because it was the great white hope pushing Lewis off. Let’s be real here
Look at russels right wheel & then look at this hands he completely drop the ball
110% Russels fault
It doesn’t matter whose fault it is. He started in p8 when Lewis put the same car on pole. Bottas is done at merc.
Plus Bottas shouldn't be way back where he was in a Merc. Probably his last season with the team.
The real question is: why does a Williams was overtaking a Mercedes? (just saying...😂)
Ayrton Senna once said 'if you don't go for the gap your no longer a racing driver'.
Simple racing incident. The best F1 drivers are defined by their willingness to take things to the very edge of what is permitted and not an inch less. Was George’s decision to try an overtake on slicks, in the wet on the outside and he got it wrong by the smallest of margins. So pretty much his fault but I think that’s totally forgivable. His actions and remarks after the incident though left somewhat to be desired...
One thing is clear as daylight. The Reason we do not get the Onboard from Bottas is because it was his fault.
My issue is with bottas, he did move to his right slightly and that made Russel correct his line and its at this point he loses control.  My issue with the bottas move is 1) he knew Russel was behind him, DRS open and closing to his rear at high speed, 2) its a DRS pass, so the williams is comming past him on the outside (thats the only space for him to go) no matter what, 3) its a williams, Bottas in his Merc would have been returing the favour and passing him probably in the next DRS zone.  my conclusion, Bottas had no need to move to his right.. he didnt need to defend his posiition as in reality he isnt even racing the williams.. However after saying all that there was space for Russell and if this was a dry circuit the crash most proabably wouldnt have happened.. so for me its a racing incident caused by weather.  BUT with a caution to Bottas not to drive like a dick and try and be clever with cars he is not even racing...
Now if hamilton and valterri has covid, I reallllyy wonder who would replace him
That subtle nudge was perfectly timed and changed the line completely
Bottas just stayed on the racing line. George went wide and lost it. Bottas doesn't have to give him a car's width if the racing line doesn't allow it, does he?  Again, Kimmi can be seen doing exactly what Bottas did when approaching the white line at that part of the track, he went over it generously to take the racing line. Bottas wasn't even over that white line as much as he would have, had he not had someone next to him.
The easiest way to tell that Bottas did not squeeze him is by looking at Kimi's line, Bottas was a lot more on the left than Kimi and that shows he went out of his way to leave space.
Bottas front right is completely over the white line when the incident happens. This leaves less than a cars width
My thoughts: Bottas held the dry line, didnt make any sudden movements. George, if you look at his steering inputs. didnt make any sudden inputs to avoid Bottas' "sudden move", and simply drives onto the wet white line and drops it on his own.  Edit: i feel this also highlighted Russell's inexperience and impatience
Clearly Not (I believe)  that little shit needs to learn some respect Valteri  could snap him in half (the incident afterwards ) he left him plenty 9f room to pass ,and then  one wheel hit grass and you hear his engine rev out and then he lost control ....
it's racing ...race accident....60-40 for sure but...this is formula 1 don't be mad :)
russels fault ,hamilton passed lando at the same point russel went to wide then kaboom
“ if you no longer go for a gap you are no longer a racing driver” Senna’s quote
The way that Bottas drives Russell into a wedge at 190mph was what made Russell jump. It wasn't so much how much space WAS there, it was how fast Bottas was reducing that space.  But also, its on Russell to realise that there's no grip offline as its still wet there.  We need to see an overhead with all the lines drawn, and with steering positions of both cars before we can really know what happened for sure.  Without that, I agree its pretty much 50/50.
Sometimes it's hard to see the difference between brave and dumb
I think it is entirely George's fault. The racing line moves towards the right about at the point of impact, which means that either to the left or right of the racing line, it is going to be wet. That racing line didn't move from one lap to another,  and the racing line flows to the right side of the track, so Bottas was always going to go to the right to stay on the racing line. No surprise there. So George knew he had to get off the dry racing line to make a move, just like Lewis did, and they both paid the price. George must have figured out the lap before that at that point the racing line would leave very little space on the right side for any overtake to be done and should have thought better of it. The view from Kimmi's camera is very interesting, in my opinion, because you see Kimmi veering to the right side of the track as well and generously crossing that white line (which Bottas didn't do fully once he knew that George was there) because that is where the dry racing line is taking him.
We have a slow-motion, birds-eye view. From their helmets, at full speed, it must be a completely different scenario. Technically it was Russel's fault, but in reality, it was a racing incident IMHO.
Whoever thinks that there is even the slightest amount of fault going to Bottas, has no idea what they are talking about.  This is as clear as day.  Russel takes on the insane risk of going with reduced rear downforce on a curve to the wet side of the track, on to the white paint 290kph+. If there is no other car around, he will wipeout. Bottas was nothing but a creator of stress and a cone for him to go around, and Russel couldn't handle, not only the car itself in that situation but does not have the presence of mind to assess the risk-benefit.  Amateur mistake, frustration after was anger at his own stupidity, and hopefully, he will learn from this and becomes a better racing driver.
Toto, after the race, said something like he blames Russell completly due to   conditions being the way they were!!!...  So basically, he's saying that an F1 driver should not overtake if it's raining!?!?! Ah, now Toto!  ... From 2.50 in the video, the still image shows Botas touching the white line at the centre of the track, which is fine. As discussed in the video Botas has left enough room. BUT if you wind the video on more, Botas moves over further, squeezing Russell more. And that, in my opinion, is too much and leads to the crash.
As much as I like Russell and dislike Bottas I have to say this crash is more like 90/10 responsibility of Russell. Only somewhat negative thing about Bottas here is that he wasn't nice. Which is actually more of a positive thing when it  comes to racing. Its not a kindergarten game. Its an F1 world championship.
I don't think it was just the position of Bottas at that point but his trajectory towards the outside and it looked like he was going to continue that line. Yes there was still enough room for Russel to get through but another split second and the gap would have closed.  It did look to me from Russel's perspective that he was being squeezed off track and I don't blame him for suspecting that Bottas had particular motivation to do that. I don't believe that drivers act only according to the situation without consideration for who they are competing with. We have seen tensions between drivers cause incidents many times over the years.
5:15- Watch the arse end of Russell's car- see sparks. Rear skid on ground 5:33 -Loads of sparks on ground. Skid on ground- less rear grip. Plus he shit and went wide. No rear grip- left hand down- front grips, rear doesn't- turn left. 5:41- Look at inside left of Bottas- Just as much damp as Russell's outside. Bottas just moved enough to stay on dry line- proving it's the normal line  Russell-good driver but will learn in time  Bottas_NOT GUILTY IN ANY WAY!!
when Hamilton overtook Lando later in the race, Lando never went over the white line giving the right amount of room for the coditions. Bottas went over it, and turned pretty fast for the speeds they were in.  If Russel had waited 50 meters to overtake, none of this would have happened. Russel was impatient, and bottas was defending too aggressively for the conditions of the track.  If russel hadn't went over to bottas in rage this whole situation would have been perceived differently.
I don't understand how people can be so blind... It's clear that bottas moved to the right and squeezed russel. At that speed you get squeezed like that you try to avoid the contact and loose control, specially in wet conditions. Unbelievable... Just look how much space bottas has on the left come on... One thing is giving the space by maintaining your line when you are about to be overtaken other is squeeze when you are about to be overtaken and then argue that he still had space to pass.
Remember it's racing !!!  as a viewer I want to see action like this !!! anyone remember how many contacts were in 80' and 90' ???  from racing driver BOT left space but RUS take a risk with open DRS and slicks on wet line, the results we saw on video, in my opinion it's RUS fault, Scott please do analyze like this from all points of view but only you I want to see and hear on the video ;)
DRS also makes you lose a lot of downforce so that makes it easy to lose control as well in the wet. This is also of the reasons DRS is closed when conditions are wet.  It also why the DRS wing is not open all the time and why there are zones designating it. There are spec tradeoffs when using it, although it works wonders of course in increasing straight line speed on straight dry track.
Hey Guys ! you never showed the onboard camera from Bottas' car !! Can you please show it? It will make it clear if Bottas turned inside.
Make the racing image big and you small... it’s so hard to see what you are talking about when the racing image is small in the corner
Great video. I would say 50 / 50. It's a shame the footage from inside Bottas car has not been released. Maybe throws another dimension into the debate. Every overtaking manoeuvre carries risk. As spectators it's what we want to see. There always has and always will be incidents like this. George is a racer and was in a position for William's first points in a while. He was going to take the risk. George's mistake was how he reacted after the incident. What I do not like is the various comments made by Toto, which are somewhat childless and further evidences his personal conflict of interest in the sport (team shareholder, team manager, driver manager, investor in Aston Martin).
Kimi looks to have taken the same line as Bottas. I don’t see that Bottas has done anything wrong in this situation. Russel might not and been 100% at fault but Bottas was 0% at fault in this instance.
Nothing to argue about Russell was at fault clearly. Bottas didnt move over Russell took a risk and fucked it
Russels fault. With a combination of the conditions and the track going a bit to the left.
Russel's fault
Definitely not Scott , racing incident / Russell fault. he made the choice with drs on wet side track knowing it will be defended bottas moved fraction thinking george behind then pulls back left when he knows he’s at side. And left plenty of room
Definitely not
Bottas moved over and shut the door. Inexcusable, dangerous driving. Lucky they both got away with it.
Russell was flat, it looked like there was a gap. Its a split second decision, if it came off he would have been a hero. Fine margins, Bottas was moving into Russell's path & only pulled back when it was to late. Agree with the Stewards, racing accident. Russell's probably apologized,as instructed by Toto. The adrenaline does weird things, the rule is don't give any reaction until you calm down, easy to say difficult to put into practice.
From the perspective of rules, Russel was in the wrong IMO. But, Bottas knew he was putting Russel in a tough situation that could take Bottas out, so from the perspective of whether that was a smart move by Bottas, he probably should've been less aggressive defending. Russel has to have the confidence that Bottas isn't going to hit him, though. 60% Russel/40% Bottas
Dangerous driving by GR63
Having seen footage of Bottas' front wing cam you can see him make a jink to the left just before the crash. Personally I think he was totally unaware that Russell was there. Or wasn't expecting him to be overtaking in a Williams. Imo 55/45 Bottas fault.
I think Russell just overcorrected and the grass did bite hard. Definitely Russell took out Bottas but also it wouldn't have happened if he didn't narrow Russell's line to almost nothing right at the place where the straight makes a sudden angle to the left. So 50%/50%, they both played, they both lost.
Russesl fault DEFINATELY . Its not Bottass job to make things easy for Russel
Surely, it is always for the driver who chooses to overtake to complete that manoeuvre safely? Of course, the other driver must not run the overtaker off the road. Bottas did not do that.
I really don't see how Bottas could be blamed for this. I promise I took my Finnish glasses off and looked at many videos and pictures of the incident but still I cannot see a fault in Bottas' driving. Lot's of variables but the situation seems quite clear. But I gotta say, it's quite weird that they were racing each other.
85% Russell for mine wet track bottas on the dry line narrow track Russell was never making that chicane even if he made the pass. Why would bottas not defend...  Experienced driver in Russells position wouldn't have moved of his line with DRS
Good content. Subscribed
I think the most disappointing thing about this crash was that George went straight over and had a go at Bottas, when he should have been worried about his fellow drivers well being. It's just really poor form to abuse a man sitting in the remains of his obliterated race car regardless of who's at fault.
Cant expect a racing driver to be looking out for his competitor. Often its a chicken contest anyway and whoever back down first lose the position.
HA, maybe the bosses at Williams should be pissed with Bottas. Why don't we hear about that? Bottas-dangerous defending with wet track and grass. Russell- Should stay on the track and off the grass. Racing incident, 50-50.
I didn't like it how the British driver reacted immediately after the incident when he went to Bottas and hit him over the helmet. You need some guts and a lack of common sense to react in this way. Pure arrogance.
Russell's fault. Keeping his foot in was the final nail.
Just two guys that has never been in any kind of race car that love to hear their own voices...
Bottas was on the racing line, that's the line you normally do at Imola. Did Russel really expect him to risk it and go on the wet part of the track to let him pass? There was dry space for only one car and the guy ahead was Bottas. Russell kept it flat on the wet with DRS, what was he expecting? It's a racing incident but if someone could prevent it, that's Russell
From my point of view , it just look like Bottas was using the dry side of the track.
DRS on a drying track with drivers on slicks has to be reconsidered.
It’s the water fault guys
He doesn't just have a cars width, bottass only comes up to the white line.. He has an entire lane..
100% Russels fault + his reaction after is of a spoiled child. The baby blue shirt guy doesnt know what the fuck hes talking about.
Look at Raikkonens line
That Bottas is technically right, it doesn't mean it's a smart move. Also, are we all going to ignore a Williams full on attacks a Mercedes? This proves these seats need to me swapped.
Do Indy Car too,,
bottas screwed up- didnt leave enough room-theres even a thick white line going down the miffle of the road that almost makes it 2 lanes and he has his wheels over the line
I paused this above so I was seeing Frame by frame clearly shows you how far Bottas moved over the overtake was was committed to and Bottas was hard left yet he moved a good 2 metres over to the right and over the white line and if I was in the overtaking car I saw no slowing if Bottas in his move to the right I'd expect him to hit me cause he seemed to keep coming the whole time. In the race I did not see this but in frame by frame seemed quite clear hence why I can see Russell would of freaked out and moved to the right himself as it appeared Bottas was keeping coming.
So you break it down as a pro driver without a pro driver, that's almost a boss move but it isn't lol
If you see Kimmi's perspective. Once Kimmi reaches that same spot he has less than a car width, so from my point of view, Bottas was just following the racing line in order to get ready for the next corner. Of course other than Bottas was defending his position while still giving the car width.
Driver wins. Russell himself has come out and taken the blame.
It's like asking both sides of the medical issue from real doctor, and dude watching bunch of health related videos on YouTube! There's NO 2 SIDES of that story! When someone is legit PRO, and other guy is just some average Joe who likes to watch, only 1 opinion matters and it's PRO's opinion!
Bottas is right, then left, then middle of the track. This is dangerous in dry conditions, but in wet this creates disasters as you can see.
Am i the only one thinking Bottas went way too far on the outside when going through the corner, possibly on purpose? We saw Hamilton overtaking cars in the same spot going as faste as russel was compared to Bottas during that incident. IMHO Bottas closed his space on the outside on purpose instead of sticking to the line he picked. Enough to blame him or get out of the "racing incident" jurisdiction? Maybe not. Saying is Russel's falut is a bit too much, honestly.
If Toto managed Bottas better, there would not be any situation to discus.  Bottas was not driving well. And he pays the price by having a Williams showing him up.   Despite Toto trying to be all hard ass about it, this is all on him. You can't really say to a racedriver to stop going for the gap. And for his comments about Russell in a Renualt car, is just abuse of his double role as a team-owner and driver-agent.   To be honest this should be embarrassing for Toto to have to deal with, 'cause HE is at the fault of both drivers!!  I think 1-3 races more of this performance from Bottas, he is gonna be out of a seat for next year!
Bottas expected him to back out I think
Russel’s fault and ridiculous reaction coming out of the car. You just went off with 300+ kph and you ‘hit’ your colleague on the helmet? Fucking disgrace and at least one GP penalty.
Noob mistake, in the words of my ten year old, I used to put myself in those positions and wonder why I crashed a lot, perhaps should have been more cautious
what I would like to see is an overhead graphic so see how far bottas moved from left to right across the track. the onboard from kimi shows bottas hard left but as they approach the kink in the strait he essentially holds his lone effectively squeezing russell .....  an overhead would show what happened definitively
you can see russell doesn't trust bottas as bottas pushs russell to the right and russell over reacted but there was plenty of space between the two.but at afew 100mph it doesn't look like it, but when you slow it down it does.the fact that it is on a high speed corner doesn't help those trying the blame game as this is just a racing accident and this kind of accident has happened in the dry too.  but having send all that i'm bored with f1 because it just looks like a high speed procession train
I would not judge Russel for his decision to go for the overtake. In hindsight it's easy to say it was a high risk situation, knowing what happened afterwards. But coming from behind with such amount of speed and seeing that space on the right I bet everyone else would have done the same. He might have extra compensated for the movement of Bottas towards the right hand side though. So at the end of the day Russel is probably to take most of the blame for his own spin but definitely not be pointed as responsible for the crash.
9:30 - wasn't Verstappen pushed off the track in a similar way in Mexico a few years ago when overtaking and lost the podium as he didn't give the place back?
it seems like you are saying Bottas took a punt at increasing the corner radius and that Russel would just fly of into the weeds and not get turned hard into his side. and that it was Russels choice when he came into the turn with such overspeed.  Russel shouldn't have gone for the gap?
Russell’s fault
It was clearly Russell's fault. Can't believe there's even a debate about it.
3:11 That "wrong" was with Beatle accent 😂😂
For once I fully agree with the marshals; racing incident.
Just got done watching the race in it's entirety. Entering the corner really while the pass was occurring really throws a wrench into the mix. Then you add the wet. Yikes! Such a great discussion between you two, juggling the evidence back and forth to find about the best conclusion possible.  I would say racing incident, no penalties. Cheers!
How on earth could you make a 10 minute video on this contemplating who was at fault?  What happened is that Bottas made Russel go wide which due to the drying conditions put 2 of Russel’s tires on a wet patch of road. His tires lose grip because of this making them spin up a bunch (like the peak in engine noise suggests) and causing the car to heavily turn to the left because the wheels on the right are spinning way quicker than the tires on the left. In a way it was kind of George’s fault maybe but in my opinion both drivers aren’t to blame for the incident. Conditions were just tricky and unpredictable as the track was only really dry on the racing line.  Bottas could’ve left him more space but honestly, I don’t think it would’ve come to mind that the track was still wet all the way to the right nor that it would make George’s car spin so like I said, you really can’t blame one driver for causing it. The way George handled the aftermath was however not the way he should’ve handled it but he apologized for that on social media afterwards.
That was inexperienced politician George's fault. Clearly. He drove stupidly.
I honestly don’t see Russles argument like he legit spun and hit botas like yo you messed up
No ones fault, but considering what is at risk, Russell had more to lose here, so I would expect him to be a bit more careful. 55% Russell's fault, but is really a racing incident. How unfortunate.
Russel has plenty of room.
why isnt anyone talking about RUS smacking BOT on the helmet?!?
Watch the onboards at slow speed again.  Absolutely Russell's fault.  Bottas follows the dry racing line and actually moved left prior to Russell over reacting.  Since when is a professional driver 'scared' by another driver and the over taking driver has to worry about whether the other driver has a dry track.  They weren't breaking. .  Give it up, Russell over reacted lost control and acted like a flog after the incident.
Where I will discuss with a pro driver. Here is a guy that is not a pro driver. Ok 👌but yeah Russel tried and it failed. If it would have worked out he would be a genius a rain god and what not. Or Hamilton said to bottas. You kick Russel out and I will make sure we both get new contracts...what ever people want to believe. But Russel just did huge damage to his team.
99.99% Russell's fault! 0.01% Bottas's fault for being there.
Awesome to see them both safe! We're discussing racing and details, where 27 years ago on this circuit this crash would probably mean 2 casualties. Because isn't this "the" place?
It`s pretty clear, looking at the onboard angle, that Russell hits the grass, and spins. Then you could argue, if Bottas should`ve kept more to the left, but that`s in the eye of the beholder.
Valtteri didn't jink to the right or change his line at all. He just followed the dry line, which is understandable since he's on dry tyres.   If Russell had just gone 20cm further to the left he would've stayed off the grass and we wouldn't even be having this discussion.
"If you no longer go for a gap that exists, you are no longer a racing driver " *-only the best driver in the world*
I think the "look how much space is left" on a still image is an argument made possible by the power of hindsight. Russel saw this at 290+ km/h in motion, where he couldn't possibly know if Bottas would leave this much space for him at the end of the kink or not. So he tried to go as far to the right as possible and this is where he made the mistake that a more experienced driver (like Hamilton) wouldn't have done. It's actually nice for a change that the FIA and the stewards made the correct decision by saying this was a racing incident where both drivers are kinda at fault to the same(ish) degree.
Yes, Russell took it far too wide. Bottas gave him a fair amount of room.
Bottas kept his line. Russell has difficulty to drive on this track and had a similar accident on his own during a safety car last year. No, 100% Russell's fault.
I'm curious, why don't we have the Botass onboard? Merc is covering up?
I think it was just poor decision making by Russell. That part of the track full out, while the track is wet, while crossing through dirty air, is a recipe for disaster. I was cringing before he even pulled up next to bottas. The audio really helps to figure out when russell spun which was before he even touched the grass
Bottas is much more at fault than Russell, here's why:  Bottas moved to the right just as Russell began to pass him (remember that there was a big difference of speed and Russell was already committed to make the pass so past the point of braking to avoid hitting Bottas) and eventually pushed him wide enough so that Russell hit the wet part of that curve and thus the collition. You can't really analize this situation in slow motion to see who's at fault because it's not realistic for either driver. Decisions were made at 200+ MPH...
If you look at the pit lane line he continues to squeeze Russell, so for me I feel it’s a racing incident, but bottas could of avoided this for the both of them, not really arsed though, neither of them are going for the championship let’s be honest 🤷🏻‍♂️😂
Yeah at the first glance it looks like bottas was driving russel off track, but he clearly left him enough room there. Russel's at fault, it happens, especially when you're on slicks and with drs open and the track is wet
The trailing driver has the lion's share of any incident.  The driver in front is only required to give room for a car and not make any sudden changes in direction.  The over taking driver is required to cover everything else, including backing out if the line looks bad.  The car in front always has the right of way unless blue flags are flying.
Defensive Driving on regular roads means you take every precaution to avoid a crash.   Defensive Driving in a race car means you make every effort to stay ahead, even if it increases the risk of crashing.  (Thank-you for that demonstration, Valtteri.)
Is it me or Russell lost it prior to hitting the grass. so he lost rear grip going over a wet patch and in reality it's no one's fault?
Is it not possible Russell has a mechanical issue? Looks like significant sparks BEFORE he even made contact. Yeah maybe could have just been bottoming out the carbon tub but seems like a lot of sparks.
From an F1 enthusiasts point of view I thought at first it was def Bottas. Then after looking at the replay it was Def Russels fault. No arguments, Russel at fault,
As a fan of Russell more than a fan of Bottas...   100% Russells fault. It ain't even contentious. Anyone thinking Bottas is at fault here is delusional and biased.
Bottas wasn't at fault but his aggressive defense did not allow for how fast Russel was overtaking him, nor did his actions acknowledge the track conditions. If he doesn't accept responsibility for putting Russel on the edge, then he shouldn't complain that he was hard done by or that he should have been given special treatment by Russel. Tha't's how I see it.
Really don’t get the point of the flappy head in the hoodie, I’m here for real experienced racers input and insight not someone who can drive a fast lap on a sofa
I think it's important that we again saw the halo come into effect. This time with Bottas almost taking Russell's tyre to the face.
Bottas continued moving to the right, he did not stop moving until he was beyond the white line, by a foot or more (pause at 2:10 as see it). Russell overreacted and went a bit too far right. Racing incident!
No.
Mate, it was a racing incident. Bottas follows the dry line which is the racing line and Russell had to venture onto the damp side to do the overtake. Russell had to take the chance to do the over take. However this is my take on it - Bottas is in a MB down the order with everything to lose, Russell who will replace him is overtaking in a Williams (???) a freaking Williams and Russell has everything to gain; Bottas could have given him space and retake later on as the Williams would not be able to keep that pace going but he did not want Russell to overtake him and suffer the humiliation. With Bottas's experience I expected  he would let him pass and live to fight on but on the other hand - Boss just got my tyres to work but then Russell took me out😁
I think the bigger question is if the track was wet enough for Russell to spin like that, why was DRS allowed to be open? Clearly that caused The lack of grip at that moment.
The kid got over confidence and messed up
So you think what Max did to Lewis in turn 3 was OK?Lewis had half his car alongside and Max just pushed him off the road, almost causing a crash for both of them. If Lewis had just driven into the apex in turn 2 as Max did in turn 3, would that have been OK? I thought you were supposed to leave a car width as Valtieri did? I'm only a sim racer but what Max did is the cause of 90% of sim accidents. Then everyone yells "you didn't leave a lane like the sporting regs say".
From Kimis camera bottas had more than a cars width on his left hand. I think that explains it all.
Not just wet but from behind and seeing the sparks from Russell, one can see that Russell had lost mechanical grip , adding paint is slippery too, he went in too hot, too small, too soon.
If you look at the image of other drivers overtaking at that position, you’ll actually see that bottas moved way out of his position
Russell completely lacks experience from very tight situations like this. He paniced a bit... He clearly has space, just enough for bottas to let him through... George was just shocked to find himself in this squeeze. Bottas saw him coming to his right and gave way... It's just that george went a little bit too much to the right that made his right rear wheel hit the grass that caused what happened. Lack of better judgemnt-experience for george, that's what caused it. There's still space on the left.
What is your opinion on getting to unlap yourself during a red flag?  I've never been a fan if it
Bottas fault 100% he didnt saw Russell at all and tried to defend by closing space of the track while Russell was already right behind him trying to overtake with much higher speed and DRS on.That was dangerous driving by Bottas.Also we have to keep in mind that this part of the track is where you have most chances to overtake and most of the overtakes in that grand prix happend there.All the drivers know that,and would have try to defend or pass there.EVERY driver despite rookie or veteran would try to avoid this mercedes car like Russell tried to do, but fallied due to lack of grip from the wet surface and DRS .I hope the fans understand what i am saying here and dont listen to people who dont want to see the truth,like Toto Wolff,who of course is mad by the crash and will try to defend his 2nd driver.
Russel, IMO
Lewis got squeezed out many times at the same spot after the restart. You should have a look at that as well
Also Russel didn't take into consideration the fact his DRS was open so his rear downforce was already pretty low. With DRS open, damp track and a kink the rear just didn't have any weight and let go
I agree that Russel was at fault, but i think he was right to try the pass.  Such an exciting race.  I was cheering Max on on his passing at turn 1... amazing.  Started in 2nd gear, is that something that worked because of the wet?
I think Toto Wolff might have the most blame in this after the fact. But the crash was a racing incident and both Russel and Bottas played a role in this accident with there being little doubt Russel has the greater share of responsibility and yet I still like Russel the most after this. The key part that was not mentioned in this video is Bottas actually follows the dry line and if he was any further left would have been in the wet, not only that but the dry line was moving all the way across. Bottas still carries a share of blame as he admitted to defending and the defence was aggressive and was a factor in the crash. Russel absolutely carries a share of responsibility because he was the passing driver and it is his responsibility to pass cleanly, it was Russel who lost control and crashed into Bottas after all. But Toto has backed everyone into a defence position and now they all are in a lose/lose position. The greatest issue is each of them should be evaluating the incident to learn from it so they can use this lesson to avoid a repeat in the future. What if Bottas gave Russel more room? Russel would have still been on the wet line with DRS power and he still had to brake for the upcomming corner and being on the outside unless he was all the way past would have had to take a comprimised line in the next corner. Of course Russel would have had the drier braking line and Bottas would have been on a compromised braking line but I'm sure Bottas would have continued to make the pass difficult. At the time the youth of Russel did what youth does well and went for the gap and f'd up. Rewards come to those who take risks and also failures but niether come to those who don't so we want to see these fast young drivers racing but this time it went pair shaped. So we also want to see Russel learn from this and work out how he could have avoided this to finish the race. And we also want to see Bottas look at this and do the same because he could have handled this differently and they both would have finished the race. But ideally Toto would be the wise mentor here instead of the d'k old man. He could and should be helping both drivers learn from this and building both up. Instead he is making Bottas wors by telling him he did everything right and hurting his best rising star in the process.
He is at fault he had to do it to save Hamilton
100% Botas Fult tha faster deiver just faster
We watched many attacks at the end of the same straight, but Bottas unnecessarily squeezed his opponent. At the time of the incident, Bottas had enough space to enter a car to his left.
Singapore 2008 anyone?
Russel. 1) Its wet. 2) He's on slicks. 3) Its a corner. Wrong place wrong time.
Russell, didn't have the nerve for close racing, inexperienced. The FIA didn't penalise Bottas for jolting. Bottas for being so slow and shouldn't be racing a Mercedes.
How is this even a question? 100% Russels fault... And that soyboi there should stick to his furries or whatever, how long has he been watching F1? Since 2014 or something like that I suppose...
I used to think Bottas has cut him off but watching it in slow motion I think Russell should’ve stayed in his place because he made his move, panicked, got on the grass and game over. Bottas defended well and that’s it. Russell is the donkey here
Indeed, there is some blame on each side.  Russell certainly took a risk attempting to overtake when it meant driving on the wet part of the track.  But if he had made it through, he would have been braking on dry track.    I question the idea that Bottas left Russell enough room.  You can’t just show a static picture and say “see, he left enough room”.   There’s more to it than that.  I think Valtteri drove in a manner that would make Russell think he would NOT have enough room.   You must take it all into context.  Consider the rate at which that “room” is diminishing.  You must imagine being Russell, going around the outside at almost 300km/h, and seeing Bottas moving toward your car as if he doesn’t even see it.  Yes, the track kinks to the left.  And yes, Bottas is following the dry line and the racing line by maintaining a straight course.  But Bottas had to know Russell was approaching fast and would attempt an overtake on the right.  I suspect Bottas could have kept further to the left, safely, and not spooked Russell.  At those speeds, the line Bottas took certainly gave Russell the impression that he could get squeezed onto the grass if Bottas continued on his trajectory.  In fact, Valtteri crosses the white line, which means he was leaving about 30% of the track for George at that point.  Damn - I’d be spooked if I were in George’s boots.  This seems like a foolish game to play at 300km/h in wet conditions.
Toto “Wreck him Bottas! we can’t let a Mercedes be passed by a Williams!!🤬”
BUT for Toto wolf to come out against Russel...that's wrong in every way
Seb vs Ham Canada 2019
Senna said that if you see a gap and don’t go for it, you aren’t a racing driver.
Russell did not leave the dry line when getting blue flagged for Hamilton. Bottas left more than a car width.  Russell trying to make a point for replacing Bottas is why he was to aggressive. stop hating on Mercedes and appreciate how they are making F1 better.
If Russell feels he has been squeezed then every pitlane in the world is too small for him and his car.
There isn’t one possible way to argue that this was not Russell’s fault.
100% Russell.  You can clearly see from Kimi's onboard.  There was plenty of room between cars.  George hung it out into the grass and there lost it.  From George's onboard you can clearly hear the dramatic rev increase when his tire went off track.
George Russell over corrected and drove his car off the race track when there are plenty of space. To make it worse, he refused to take responsibility. If he gets scared by another car, perhaps another profession is the best career move.
play it back at real time and you will see Bottas jink - which spooked Russell who over-reacted - so yes Russels fault - jink or not
Good analysis, missing one point in my opinion. The only reason there seems to be a lot of space when they are side by side, is because Bottas makes a sudden move to the left, just as Russell is getting alongside. Had he not made that move to the left, Russell would have been squeezed wide and into the grass. Because it is a turn, and not a straight, that caused Russell to take avoiding action before that happened (they are racing drivers pre - acting not re - acting), so by the time there's space, it's already too late.  You can see it in Russell steering input, he has his wheel turning left, having chosen his line when his front wheel is next to Bottas's rear. Then, reacting to the closing space, he straightens just for a moment, and from that point it's a foregone conclusion, given the wetness of the outside of the track.   I agree 100% with Russell's analysis, but not his reaction, or his accusations. For me, dick move by Bottas, but still pretty legal and not worthy of a penalty, just a discussion about the unwritten gentleman's agreement for racing etiquette.
Bottas moves to the right for sure.
Russell made a mistake and couldn't recover without hitting bottas.   What was even worse was Russell's behaviour after the crash. Totally unprofessional and he's lucky he hasn't got penalty points for the behaviour.   Though irony of course is it saved Hamiltons race.
Russell's fault. However I think his reaction to the crash and refusal to accept responsibility (until earlier today, today being the day after this GP) was what upset people more. A lot of us were expecting to see him check to see if Valtteri was okay rather than that altercation. People will say "well Bottas flipped him off." My answer to that is simple: 1. It doesn't matter and 2. If you watch the footage, the finger seems to be a response to something George said when he approached.
I’d crash out of embarrassment if I was driving a Mercedes and got passed by a Williams.
Someone notices that at any moment we were able to see Bottas camera??? that way we would be able to see his steering wheel. Just a thought
in real-time, you can see the little move that Bottas did. 100% Bottas' fault.
Bottas car was always pointing the right until Russell's car redirected him, can't tell by an image saying that was enough space when you see the car on the left is always going to the right bits by bits. Bottas could avoid this, Russell can't, you can't tell a race driver not to takeover with DRS in that situation.
Best commentary of this incident I’ve read/scene so far. Thank you for looking at it from both drivers’ perspectives and from a racing incident perspective. Too many people are trying to pick a side. Both driver’s took risks within their rights and both paid the price for it. I don’t wanna see either of them punished for this. Losing points and losing face was enough for them. I hope people let it go soon. Let’s look forward to the next race.
How is the guy an "F1 enthusiast" if he thinks drivers are supposed to care about how hard they make the other driver's race?
Toto Wolff already spoke and is disgusted at Russell and it’s Russell’s fault, he isn’t experienced and is getting cocky and letting the Mercedes drive get in his head and also he fucked up by coming to provoke and slap bottas, they both looked bad there and Russell even more because of what he said afterwards in the interviews and I’m sure Wolff had good talk with him if he still wants to be a Mercedes driver
Racing incident, racing is at fault. Shit happens be lucky.
I bet Valterri was really driving in his mirrors at that point, and when the straight became turn 1 it took a moment before he reacted to stay to the left, and it appeared he swerved into George. At first I though it was 100% Valtteri, now I'm 50/50
All kind of discussions should be like this one. Mega guys!
Blatantly Russels fault, plus hes the car behind, and he pavicked, how can anyne blame Bottas?
I think Bottas is done as a driver. Fighting with Williams in Merc, it is worse that Max and Albon. Hopefully, someone deserving will get second Merc seat.
I think you can leave enough room and still be at fault.  Boats’ move to the right was not subtle.  It’s was quite sudden.  Maybe this was intentional.  Leave room but give him a scare to see if you can cause him to cause Russell to go off.  In my opinion this was dangerous and Botas was at fault.
Hamilton crashed before this and needed a red flag to save his ass from not getting a podium or win  .... maybe Mercedes is at play since there no onboard footage of bottas on footage from the from wing camera
Absolutely not. 100 percent Russell. I don't see how anyone can implicate Bottas. (It's clear this guy hasn't driven a car at speed on the track, definitely not a wet one. Even in Gran Turismo apparently, because even in sim you know not to hit gripless patches and if you do to lightly brake and avoid throttle, Russell jammed on the throttle). Russel's poor sportsmanship afterward only cements the problem. Russell is arrogant and inpatient, and perhaps a bit petulant and spoiled. Dude has had the golden ride...
Show us the pic for pic is not possible for you and make pic whole screen...big no no! Then our head is not in the pic... thats the most bad situation you can imagine!!!!! So i do not look futher! Smart thinking guys...
Anybody thought that this crash was too coincidental to give Hamilton advantage just after he spun off track?  Bottas crashing and Hamilton gaining a huge advantage, probably the only one who profited by this crash. Inside job by Mercedes?
Really love this kind of content! As someone who has casually watched formula 1 for a long time, it’s cool to get two different prospectives and a great conversation. I’m learning a lot. Thanks D61 team!
Ham: Toto, get me a red flag, now! Toto: ok servant, get close to the little puppy and he will do the rest. Toto: hey little puppy, hit Bottas from the side and behind, we need a red flag and dont worry, this helps your cause.
wow this is freakin great analysis
Belloff vs. Ickx  Spa 1985 ........
Great discussion.  I wonder if anyone noticed that Kimi took the same line Bottas did just before the two completely lost it infront of him.   I think Bottas was just taking the racing line that was preferred and Russel made a error.
Where is the Bottas on board view?
from Kimi cam, clearly Bottas defend his position too sudden.
Bottas was following the natural contours of the race track minding his own business.  If you notice, Kimi too followed the same line. 100% Russell's fault. He accepted it was his fault although that may be to appease Toto
What I really cannot get over is watching the crash and seeing that if the car didn't have the Halo, Bottas likely would not have been alive today and we would have been enduring another tragedy at Imola.  Also, if you look at the replay you showed of Russell's onboard, it looks like the wheel actually picks up some white paint, so he definitely touched the line. I wonder if maybe the track was painted with a paint that wasn't up to regulations and actually made the wheels lose traction even worse.
I have yet to see this sudden move from Bottas, from every angle I've seen it looks like Russel just loses it. I don't blame George for trying that move I think most drivers would've tried it.
Boys this was a "straight " because it is a DRS zone. Botas is to blame 90% and you know he wouldn't have fought any other driver as Hard . If the shoe was on the other foot Toto Wolff we be deciding differently along with his driver and his money
When the corner is approaching, its just natural move toward right and Bottas just follows the racing line. Without the damm patches, probably Russell could have completed the overtake. Its just unfortunate the car lose control.
9:20 they were side by side. if Lewis stuck to his line.... It would be Max's fault for driving into him
it is just unfortunate that Russel went for move at that wet patch. if the incident happened just a few car length further down the track, it would be a different story. From Russel's view, he was fighting for valuable points for the team. he has to be aggressive, he has to take that postion. From Bottas's view, he was defending his position and he left space for Russel too. he did what he could do the best.
To all of you that think bottas was right go check last year's race when someone overtook bottas at the same spot.... Don't remember who was but go see what was his move last year and what was his move this year.... What he did there was a crime not just a fault
This is just a crazy incident, both are equally at fault
Look at kimi's driving line for the answer. Bottas didn't take all of the driving line in order to give Russel space and he fluffed it
If it was a dry track Id say Bottas but he was following the dry line on a wet track man. This one is on George. The only fault I can put on Bottas is being that far back in the pack racing a williams.
Russel 70% but good video guys high level of analysis here!!!
Bottas left him no room his front end crossed over the line space. Russell had no choice. He pushed Russell out. Look at front tire on the Mercedes
NO ONE's FAULT.. bottas even moved to the left after seeing russel's car overtaking him.. I think russel's car just slid a little bit during overtaking on the wet line just like what happened to lewis and eventually slid on the grass which led to spinning his car and crashing..
Hell no. If your impending a driver from returning on track. That’s your own fault buddy. You where looking for the touch. Bottas pushed him out. Period. His tire was over line that’s not a car space.
To me this is Russell's fault. Bottas did everything legally, and left him a car width. Russell getting spooked has to do with his own driving, rather than Bottas' fault.
Not Bottas' fault. Definitely thought so when it happened  but more so now seeing in slow motion.
Nobody but Russell made the decision to go out in the wet on the outside and make a questionable pass attempt...
Russell is at fault. 100%. Even if you see Botas opening up the steering angle, it's entirely possible he was correcting for oversteer from the wet track.
I blame Mazepin
Bottas came over on him, plain and simple. He gave Russel no where to go. And it could have been far worse when they careened off of the wall across the track. I had a flashback of Alex Zanardi when it happened. Bottas knew he was there and tried to block his progress. As the saying goes "What do a refrigerator and a race car driver have in common? When you close the door, the light goes out."
Bottas errou. Passou da linha branca e jogou o Russell para fora.
No.
This was a very dangerous crash, but I’d chalk it up to a racing incident when compared to similar crashes. To me the bigger controversy is the rule letting everyone a lap down get a free pass under a red flag. Seems ridiculous to let them off. Any other incident, be it a spin or a bad pit stop, etc., you have to live with your fate. But a red flag comes out and we reset?
Maybe if Merc George not want hin any more he wil be next to Max i think it's a paring for 2022 with great racing :-)
When was Russell ever "in front"?
I like the stewards response - racing incident, no driver acted erratically. Essentially both or neither at fault. Too often people try to blame someone in a racing incident. Sometimes things happen when you are racing that we all can say, after the fact, with plenty of time to review, is someone's fault, whereas in the heat of the moment the decision seemed right
It is rare that a driver is not cornering so i think Bottas was getting the space away from George
Good conversation. Bottas did nothing wrong he defended at the least. We always give props to drivers who perform well in the wet. Russell didn't perform well here. He made a mistake and took out two cars from the race. Driving incident sure but initiated by Williams car
RUSSEL HIS REACTION VERY WEAK HE SHOULD TO TRAIN HOW TO THINK
In full speed, it looks like Bottas has a little jink as they round that little bend. Russell responds and, sadly, just touched that grass. I don't think it's anyone's absolute fault, it's just a racing incident. It's a perfect storm of DRS and wet track that came together and Russell and Bottas both just lost out on the end.
It's just a racing incident. You could blame one or the other, and I'm sure if you analysed it deep enough and took it to court, one would win over the other. But ultimately, it comes down to risk management.   It was a very risky move in very risky conditions, Russell should have thought about the consequences if something did go wrong. That's where he's still very young. Hamilton also said this to Verstappen a few years ago referring to Ocon's overtake on Verstappen at T1 Interlagos. Lewis said referring to Verstappen: "He had more to lose than Estaban did."
There are clearly 2 perspectives fans take. Make believe steward or make believe manager. The former can't possibly blame bottas. the latter hates bottas and wants him in a Renault clio cup in two weekends.
I'm definitely on that line.  I feel, racing incident, but leaning a bit more toward Russell than Bottas.
Driver61 I am a little surprised you did not mention where Valtteri's eyes are at this moment. His eyes are down track, looking at the inside of the next turn ahead. His brain is processing to stay on this dry path that he clearly is on. Pause it at 5:38. Look at the inside (left side). You can see the wet portion of the track swings out wide. Valtteri is literally following the dry race line. That is not a "move". This is in a curve. If you pause it at 2:49 you can see the same thing. Valtteri is in the dry racing line. He gives plenty of room on the outside. Personally I am okay they called racing incident. This is George's fault 100% The onus is on the passing driver. There is no line change from Valtteri, he is following the dry grove in the road.
Why does russel cat shunts lefts towards bottas and not right, the wet patch was on the right, so less grip, the left back tyre should rotate the car due to the more grip it has? or because of the diff, once you have less grip, you have more spin on a side, less on the other side where there is more grip, so the car rotates to the grippy side ?
Racing is simple, who ever you don’t like is at fault and whomever you like was done wrong. See Easy.
Whoever's fault it was, Russel acted like an entitled prick. I changed my mind alltogether bc he didnt show the smallest sportsmanship or gentlemanship manners. Still, there is the fact he lost it and was stubborn and not humble enough to doubt himself until toto nagged him. Im so dissapointed with that kid.
With the speed and Drs of Russell that opening was not available in the speed and angle Russell was given by Bottas
Bottas did definitely move, but Russel overreacted to that movement. Russell is still inexperienced and this has not impressed anyone in the paddock: “awesome, George ... do you want to race for us?” He is clearly talented, but moves like this remind me of the stuff that Gilles Villeneuve used to pull.
Did you notice how much Bottas was "drifting" to the right?  AT first, Bottas right front tire is to the left of the white line, but he keeps on squeezing George to the right, and Bottas right front tire is at least 1 tire width to the right of the right line when they have contact.    To me, as a club racer,  Bottas moved over on George
Nice apple hat
I say it’s on both.  Bottas could have been nicer.  Russel took a risk given the conditions.
I think they both did the right thing. If Russell doesn't go for that gap, he's no longer a racing driver. If Bottas leaves him anything more than exactly 1 car width, he's a soft target. Racing is racing,  I'm just glad they're both ok. I'm sure Toto is upset because he might be looking at having them both in the garage next year. Honestly though I don't really care how Toto feels, I want to see some racing, and this was a classic.
Russels fault.  Bottas just did what every driver does, defends by closing the door and making it a tight fight..Russel either has to back out, or go for the hole, he went for it, hit the wet, and his car hit Bottas..Sorry if your car hits the other car, your wrong mate!
Bottas was not obligated to give Russell dry pavement. This was Russell's fault,
Russell: Screw Bottas, I'm better than him and Im going for it, he's in the Mercedes and Im in the Williams and im going to put one to him  Extremely brave move. I don't find anything wrong with what either driver did. Russell had a once in a lifetime chance to one up Bottas and he scored an F. Extremely brave move in bad conditions versus a RIVAL in only his mind, however, If im Bottas, do I need to squeeze that much?  Can this move really be pulled off by a Williams to completeness? In the same sense, does Bottas do this BECAUSE it's Russell?  I know the tempers I saw when they were both off, and I can only believe mentally for THOSE TWO ESPECIALLY there was definitely something there. George swung for the fences, and Bottas threw a hell of a curveball. Had George not swung, would the umpire have called it a strike? Does George hit a home run or even get to first base swinging at that pitch?   Continue fighting boys.
Another reason it was bottas fault.  Becasuse we had not seen his onboard car view.  come F1 show me bottas side, u will see how far he move to the right...
At 1:55 you could say that Bottle gave him enough space but at 2:07 it is clear that he was still going right which means that Russell had to move further right in order to avoid being hit by Bottle..
You should look at Lewis taking Lando at the end of the race. Same place on the track. Lando never cross the white line vs bottas cross the line to block Russell.  For me bottas is not fair in is move.
Russell’s mistake. Not using the word fault. It is not a straight in the purest sense. Centrifical force on the corner affect Bottas meaning he is being pushed out and so is Russell towards the wet. Russell gave us an exciting manoeuvre and in the conditions it did not pay off.
wrong bottas faul, at end before crash u can see bottas front whell over the white line.. that leaves only about half car length on right side....Bottas cause it,,,.,
george could have stayed on the tarmac .. it would have worked..he veered too fast to the right.. and when on the grass.. spun and crashed.. and got a finger from valteri
Love the comparisons. This helped me to see that Bottas did not give fair space given what both of you agree, it wasn't a dry track. I put it down to the speed. It was dangerous for Bottas to push Russell to the edge because of 1., the speed, but most importantly; 2., the speed. You could say it was a last-second move for Bottas to the middle-outside of the track. Sure Russell might be wiser to hold off, but Bottas would be also wiser to understand of who was overtaking...a young gun with a point to prove. No doubt Russell will own Bottas (at least in his mind) from now on. It's On!
What a stupid logic saying it's dangerous when driving high speed with DRS on, why don't ask FIA aprrove 1 more button for horn when DRS is available? When DRS is on, driver ahead cannot move around? By then the horn is very powerFOOL weapon
Russel
What if the shoe was on the other foot, and Bottas was passing Russell? Would Russell get all the blame? YES!!!
And Bottas was having a terrible race, also under pressure from Toto to perform against his possible replacement.   Bottas did a slight move, so mostly his fault, Russel reacted to this - looking back he didn’t need to react...  so Mostly Bottas fault
"As soon as he gets on the wet he's got no control" .. He put his car on the wet .. lost it and put Bottas out of the race .. at best it was a racing incident .. at worst it was a dick move. You're trying to find him an out because he's British ..
I’m still on the fence with this. Russell could only go to the outside of Bottas and when he does Bottas squeezes him slightly. Even if it’s Russell’s job to keep the car on track, Bottas has clearly moved over to the right/center of the track following the dry line, which continues on the right side of the track. So if Bottas doesn’t want Russell on the dry line why would he not just allow Russel the inside line?
Bro you said it's Bottas's fault for Skip Bayless hot takes reactions. C'mon dude anyone who's spent a fair amount of time on a track knows your trippin.  Spend more time driving on a track. And maybe you'll learn how to assert a proper opinion.
Definitely Bottas squeezed Russell, the view from Kimi proves that. Bottas at fault for this crash... not even Hamilton could have avoided this crash (in the same circumstances) if he was passing Bottas.
Regarding the last part about Hamilton being run out of road (which I agree is fair enough). I have a question, if Hamilton wasn't bothered about championship points is he entitled to keep his car on the track as he is level going into the corner. Obviously this would cause an accident but would it be technically legal? Cheers
I’m stood on the fence but happy it was put down to a racing incident. One question I have, why is there no footage from the Merc’s cockpit? Would be interested to see Valtteri’s steering inputs!
I think what most people don’t discuss is that if u watch from the Williams cam the available racing line for Russel, just before overtaking after Bottas moved to the right, was shooting of track forcing him into a relatively aggressive steering input for the available conditions and Bottas should ve known better.
Bottas didn't do anything dirty or against the rules, but he pushed it to the limit and the crash was a direct result. For me, the fact Bottas spooked himself, is the end-all. If you watch closely, before Russell goes off, Bottas actually got spooked an turns away from Russell. You only do that when you think there may be contact. If he turns away from Russell, he realizes there isn't enough space for the squeeze he initiated for a better entry angle.   Even then, this is the textbook definition of a "racing incident". Both drivers making low percentage moves with way too much risk. Best case scenario, Russell is likely going to be run in to the cow bells, or they connect in T-1 (albeit slower). No good was going to come of that move.
Is Russells Cart Bottoming out before he lost it? Did the car Bottoming out contribute to the crash?
The fact that a Williams car was fighting a Mercedes for a position shows that George Russel deserves the Mercedes seat more.
Kimi cam shows Bottas basically run Rusell off the road, Bottas was so far from the dry line it was a joke, but to see Bottas front right tire on the right side of the white line definitely shows Bottas did turn in on Russell or squeez him out of space, a clever move by Bottas, and if it was any other driver bar Mercedes there would be a penalty. It ruined a good race as Hamilton was allowed to un lap himself after his mistake, which is a stupid rule and only favors the top runners.
Only people that don’t blame Russell are British fanboys
Bottas moves in response to George which in any real racing league is a penalty if it causes an incident so if these people are telling me it's Georges fault at all than they're muppets.
well, Bottas simply defended his position and left Russell plenty of room. The fact that the outside line was wet is merely Russell's problem and he has to deal with it. The fact that Russell is going for it on the wet area puts others at risk..
You have the whole track to drive on, not just the racing line. On wet conditions, you have a split second decision to make to be bold enough and gamble on making a move outside the racing line to gain a position. Don't blame the other driver if he's making it hard for you, he wants to win just as much as you do.
bottas’ mistake,  just for he reason that he  should not have driven there. come on... a williams taking over a merc??
Bottas is in a dry line. And even a little bit of research you could of found that Russell's right rear hits grass, rev raises and bam. Why Bottas should of gone to wet?
long story short it was Bottas' fault. I like both drivers but Bottas got to lick this one. I know everyone has quite a lot to say but there's one crucial deciding factor, the Speed!!! Russel was surprisingly much faster and when there's a speed difference the prey usually stays put or cause a massive accident. It's obvious! But Botta's wanted to save face, (was surprised and embarrassed at the same time, bro- you're really overtaking me? A Merc!! Damn) With DRS open and him packing so much speed what would you expect him to do, back off, kill the speed? Really!! Look at when Hamilton made the pass for second, the driver said sorry he was much faster (don't' quote me), and couldn't do anything!! Bingo!! That's what everyone does when someone has good speed on you! But not Bottas, already embarrassed once by Russel in a Merc. Now in a Williams!! Yikes!!!
I  think you Guys really need to examine Bottas nose camera for that section. F1 drivers are ridiculously consistent even when they aren't performing the greatest. I have gone through Bottas nose footage a hundred times, here are the times to check it out yourself. All these times are Bottas driving the finish straight to turn 1 and 2 and pay attention to where he has the Collison with Russell on the last one. 43:45 Stays hard left 45:15 stays hard left 46:46 slightly to the right 48:11 stays hard left 49:44 stays hard left 51:14 stays hard left 52:45 stays hard left 54:19 slightly to the right 55:41 Box 57:40 lets Verstappen pass, still goes back tight inside left 59:18 drifts much wider right much sooner, to squeeze Russel out. from watching this, Bottas purposely knew it was Russell and drifted much wider to the right then normal and probably much wider right then Russell ever seen him go
Where's the Bottas video???
Yeah I think it is Georges fault but agree he was squeezed to the max, made worse by the reaction of Russell later. Guess he is young still and lots to learn. How different would it have been if Russell went up to Bottas and said you ok mate? Maybe he won't be in that Clio
It's Bottas at fault, a Mercedes has no business being overtaken by a Williams 😂✌️
Hard, but fair driving from both. This driving is why F1 is the pinnacle, no need to assign blame to either driver.
2:06 in this video shows Bottas further across the white pit exit line than he needed to with an overtaking car. .... the question you'd have to ask if you were Russell "is going to come right across me"   Also, if you're going to show us on car footage in your video, please use the full screen, we don't need to see you talking when we're trying to see the detail in the vision of the in car shots. :)
Bottas caused this and it’s not really even that debatable.  You keep showing how much space had. Look at the point when George loses it and where Bottas wheel is... he moved twice. You’re allowed one car length and one move. He moved twice.
Looks like Bottas also wanted a share of dry track and moved over a bit but he did squeeze the gap a bit too tight , looked like Russel got a bit spooked and went a fraction too wide. Accidents are rarely planned oh wait...its F1 x,D
#Driver61 I think we were all waiting for this wonderful segment! Cheers
If you continue the video Botta goes back to his left a bit at the exact moment Russell lost control
40% Russel, 10% Bottas, 50% Racing Incident in my opinion.
Should be said Russel comes from the outside but very much faster! This makes all the difference.
First, the error was done way before people usually think. The moment Russel goes to the left with still plenty of room it is over. It isn’t because he touches the grass, you can hear the revs go up losing traction way before.  Second, politically what was he trying to do? Compete with a Mercedes? Granted Bottas’ pace was horrible but a Williams car would never be able to overtake a Mercedes.  Finally the track is wet, this aren’t normal conditions, Russel should have at least been more patient. On top of that, going after Bottas to argue after the crash is just disgusting in my book.  To me Russel is wrong 100%
imo it was russel's fault. bottas was on the racing line. russel overtook him on slicks in a wet part. he knew the risk, wrong judgement from him
Definitely a racing incident. Both drivers made reasonable misjudgments. Russell should have assumed that Bottas was going to race as hard as possible and waited for a safer passing opportunity. But Bottas, though he technically was allowed to hold the entire dry line, should have left some room on the dry for Russell to prevent that risky move from turning into an accident. Both expected the other to not race to the very edge.  For my hot take, it's very slightly more Bottas' fault, as he made his move after Russell had committed. He took a precarious situation and made it worse. Though I can't fault Bottas too much for improperly anticipating the conditions of the line that he forced Russell into (y'know, while controlling his own F1 car on slicks on a rainy day while going 200+kph).    It kinda reminds me of the 2018 Ocon/Verstappen incident, where Verstappen had position, Ocon had the faster car,  Ocon lined up a risky pass, and Verstappen took the racing line as if Ocon wasn't going to fight. Both drivers committed to their lines expecting the other to give. Except, unlike the '18 incident, this was between two drivers fighting for points on the lead lap instead of a lapped car and the leader, and the misjudgments were far less egregious. I mean, if the same situation happened two laps later, there may have been enough grip for Russell.
For me the onus is on Russell to overtake safely - he’s out inches from the grass and Bottas is getting ready to take the next corner - It looked like he was trying to get the correct line to be able to take the corner and Russell was riding high overtaking someone who’s seat he wants and effed it in tricky conditions
The risk was all on Russell and he failed.
You get a like just for keeping it old school with Murray in the intro!
2:09 you can see there's heaps of room between the two cars, no need for Russel to be so far over to the right
Bottas Fault. He was giving a gut check to the youngster. Bottas had to give a check to Russell or Bottas being replaced by Russell becomes an even more real situation. Regardless of fault Russell made an awful move.
If you can see this is 100% Russell losing control of his car you have no business in teaching people how to drive a racing car
When Lewis took out ALBON with a similar poor reaction... Lewis took full responsibility!
I will have to agree with the FIA on this one. Russel went for a move, Bottas defended, Russel lost control of his car due to the conditions and this mammoth crash happened. Let's stress the fact that everyone (drivers and marshalls) are okay. No one has considered Williams' car behaviour however. They said in pre-season testing that they went for a "peaky" downforce package which can get easily unsettled by the wake of another car, or changing wind. Let's not forget that this kind of approach possibly led to Red Bull's (Perez's) engine cover being blown off just by driving next to a Williams (I don't remember who it was) when it was closing it's DRS on a straight line.
George is so self effacing... a driver with the experience of Botta's should have hat the character to avoid this potentially fatal accident.
Bottas did not hold his line, he tried to block George, that makes him guilty af. If Geo is guilty at all, it would be for lack of patience.
Isn’t a pro-driver, but he’s been watching f1 for many, many years! (Same credentials of millions of fans) 🤣🤣🤣 Is good to start with a laugh 😆
You should watch previous laps to see if Bottas took a different line on this lap to his normal line on the previous laps.
Russel made an excusable error. What was offside was his reaction after. Both got out of jail and he slaps Bottas' helmet.
The thing is: Bottas would know that Russel would make that move. He knew about the track conditions and didnt leave a dry space so the accident wouldnt happen. Perhaps it looks like a race inccident, it would happen if Bottas were more professional.
Plot twist: Whole scene was arranged by Toto to save Lewis' race.
During the race I was on Russels side, but hearing yours and WTF1s take i think Bottas isn‘t at fault
I don't much care for Bottas but he did nothing wrong here IMO
Love this series. It is great hearing it from a racer's prospective. Hope you keep this up.
Guys there is also a wet section on the track on the left side of Bottas. Bottas is following the dry racing line. That is all I see here
Short answer: YES  Long answer: YES  Bottas KNEW he would be passed and KNEW that his aggressive defense would cause an accident and he still did it.  This was an aggressive defense in a dangerous environment because he did not want to get passed by his future replacement.
its simple whos at fault ... everything is fine until Russel goes into a massive slide , he had room to the left and tripped up on the wet line .. the fact he was scared is just inexperience
Where is bettas onboard view..????? Is it not being released?
Saw Russel's big apology online this morning.  I think he got a reality check when he heard what Toto thought! Yikes.
Ive watched replay over 100 times...I do not understand how ANYONE can say botas was at fault. Russel had a car width plus 2 feet at the closest point. Botas then even moves left. Russel makes the mistake of droping a tire. Russel looses control. Russel CHOSE to try the move to begin with. If you dont have the confidence to hold your line in a given condition against a given driver...YOU DONT TRY THE MOVE. This can not be seen as anything other then Russel's mistake. Being spooked has nothing to do with it.
I’m with Scott all the way. I would’ve done what Max did and also what Valtteri did. Not my fault the opponent chose the wrong line. You go to the outside and I’m ahead of you then you’re gonna stay on the outside. Whether you crash or not is all on you. That’s racing. The dude in blue is soft. There’s a reason he’s just a fan and not a driver. Acting like Bottas was supposed to give Russel a dry line? No he chose to go out on the wet on slicks so that’s what he got. Russel made a stupid mistake thinking he’s Superman again
I just think it is amazing the we got to the point that 2 cars crash at over 300kmph and they get out of their cars to argue instead of getting transported to the hospital by a helicopter.
It's bloody obvious.... Bottas following the dry race-line,  Russel had no business trying to overtake on the wet with 300+ km/hr with slicks on. Racing incident caused by Russel.
I'm thinking that the guy in the black t shirt needs to get himself some glasses ! He played the video and showed the video from the car behind , which CLEARLY showed that Bottas moved across the track , when he had no need to do so !  Having watched that again , I am even more of the opinion that this WAS Bottas' fault ...... So therefore , Wolff needs to STFU and STOP showing such obvious bias !
It was total miscalculation from Russell. He persisted with his drs advantage, but you need to expect the driver in front would move either way.. you have very wet grass.. and your tyres will overspin especially on drs..that's what happened..
Russell went for a stupid move. He needs to grow up.
Why bottas were not punished for that?
Two words: racing incident.
GR 100% at fault, British journalists favouring British drivers.
My first reaction was to be really angry at Bottas, but after a couple of replays I think it was pretty obvious it was a racing incident. However, there is no excuse for Bottas to be fighting for P8 in a Merc against a Williams. I'm sure George did a good job of pissing Toto off on sunday, but hopefully it doesn't affect his chances of that Merc seat in the next year or so.
"I think this is Bottas fault, 60/40 either way". Think about that
russell might've been at fault which is bad for him now, but bottas was in the embarrassing situation that he, in a mercedes, was defending an overtake attempt from a williams, which in the long run will leave a mark on his carreer. Russell is young and maybe lacks a bit of experience, but his ability to adapt to the cars he's in, his control and speed will surely make him a future champion. it's a shame that he has to waste another year in a non championship competing team.
What my problem with it is, who cares. Neither drivers wanted to hurt the other and racing is racing.
Yeah i think its more Russell's fault for a few reasons.
"If you do not go for a gap that exist then you are no longer a racing driver'" - Aryton Senna    100% Russell was right for go for it, Bottas opened and closed-his fault for moving off the racing line, racing incident. Move on leave the merc politics out of it
Russel’s fault 100%
In answer to the title: No, Russell was a moron and will have to learn from his mistakes.
Same happened when Hamilton overtook Norris, but it was dry by then ......
there was bo sudden change of line by Bottas. There is a corner, so he kept "racing line". After apex he moved to outside but no sudden move. Why there is any question about it? 200% Russels fault
Dudes :) There is no logic to defend against a car approaching with that speed. It could be fatal. Have you ever seen such defence in a dry race huh ? If a car approaching a lot faster than you with drs open, there is only one thing for you to do. You pick a line. Inside or outside. You do that before your opponent puts his nose beside you.  Bottas knew he lost against a williams. He lost against the same  person who just had sat on the car for a few hours. He knows Russel is faster than him. That's all. Russel is pure race driver and all of you burning him with false accusations.
(My opinion) the move was stupid you shouldn't do something like that if your skill level is that low lewis made the same move and it worked why because he has the skill for that move and you just shouldn't do it if the track is wet there is only one dry line and bottas took it and left enough space for Russell to make the move so there was no reason for Russell to move that much there was space enough for 2cars and you should respect that it was you own fault and not talk that type of bullshit
At the end of it all the FIA didn't find any issue with it and deemed it a racing incident. George was on the attack and Bottas was following the dry line
Haha...watching the two debate also demonstrates why Scott is a race driver and the other guy is a race watcher.
Was a big Russel fan. But this was Russel’s fault...... and what a big baby.
Mercedes is that little entitled boy that cry's when he doesn't get what he wants. Bottas should have moved over !
everyone's angry about russels reaction and at least in the states that seemed tame. being as everyone thinks something else, the wreck really was probably just a racing incident, and they both have the right to be as pissed as they were. that was a dangerous crash and into a furthermore dangerous area at a dangerous track, and in the end, the drivers are humans that feel fear and adrenaline and hunger to win and you can't say they need to be more mature. you crash at 180 mph and try to maintain composure.
At this point its just like console wars, but instead of the two consoles we have George and Valtteri
The thing is Bottas didn’t had the speed to defend, so the whole manoeuvre is pointless! And he admitted he saw Russell coming, so moving so quickly to the right to block, puts Russell in a very hard position, which was totally unnecessary...
Prior to the pass attempt, BOTTAS is clearly hugging the white line left. As Russell is coming into sude by side position, you will see BOTTAS has come back to the right side and tires went over the white extension line. Clearly, BOTTAS was using his position to block, which is legal, but he knew he was squeezing Russell in the hopes to back him off.  FAULT: WOLFF AND MERCEDES. WHY: Because Bottas shouldnt have been in a car that was sucking so badly, a WILLIAMS CAR was about to bag him and embarress the entire Merc crew. And who is to say BOTTAS didnt TRY TO CRASH in order to not finish out of the points. The 77 has not been good at all so far and that is DEFINITELY WOLFFs fault.
No ones fault!
The dry racing line on that bend created a pinch point on the apex so Russell should have anticipated that he could get easily squeezed on to slippery tarmac. There wasn't enough dry track for 2 cars at 180mph. Bottas was following the racing line and moving over for Russell was not a risk he wanted to take. For me its Russell's fault for thinking he had the space and expecting Bottas to move over on to wet track. Later when Hamilton overtook on the same stretch he had a much faster closing speed earlier along the bend, plus the track was drier by then.
It seems like he has given him enough space but that's after the situation has already been determined. It is before that that Bottas moves out of the racing line a bit but does it rapidly and in a way that makes it seem like he's closing Russell on the right and Russell reacts to that but then Bottas straightens out giving the illusion that he has given him enough space but Russell is already on a irrevertible trajectory to the grass.
Look at the moments before the pass, Bottas is on the left of the line. Right before George slips on the grass, Bottas is over on the other side. Bottas pulled some veteran moves and just slowly closed the door. It's George's fault for overreacting, but Bottas knew EXACTLY what he was doing.
Do you mind making the onboard video window a bit bigger, especially for bits like the Raikkonnen footage
If you look at the footage, Bottas follows the dry line to the edge, Russel drives way too long to the right,  hits the White line and the the engine ramps up and Russel is sideways.  Bottas shall not giv in, just follow the rules, no more no less. I would have looked different on the situation if Bottas was laped, but he was not.  So Russel this is on you.
It’s Bottas fault for pinching to much and driving a Merc like a Buick
It was completely stupid of Bottas to move right. Russel would have been past in plenty of time for Bottas to take his line into the next corner. Very irresponsible on Valterie’s part.
It was easily Russell's fault for driving so aggressively in the rain while on slicks, even though Botas squeezed him like a prick. The better question is: Did Russell shart himself during the incident, or was that an advanced case of Swamp Ass?!
Russells fault 100%. Bottas kept his left tires off the wet track and left enough room for Russell on the right. Russell lost control of his car and crashed, plain and simple.
If kimi was in russels car he would have just kept it going full throttle
Shouldn't of botas stayed a bit more left as he knew it was a wet off the racing lane?
I think Russel was caught off by seeing Bottas crossing the white line by about a tire's width which does seem like a move. Bottas just didn't take that corner as steeply so he veered to the right, but it wasn't an actual move. So it was Russel's fault, but Bottas made it as hard as possible for him. If I compare it to other overtakes, Norris didn't cross the line when Hamilton overtook him, and the track was much drier by that time.
I'm sorry but also look at other overtakes from other drivers at this point.. no one else is crossing the wit line when they fight... but bottas is crossing that wit line....too me bottas is at fault.. look at other overtakes...
It is touch and go but to me the only thing that gives Bottas the edge in not having responsibility of the crash is cause although he defended from Russel and slightly "squeezed" Russel, he still kept enough space (a car's length of space" for Russel. Russel, in trying to overtake and having been taken slightly off guard by Bottas' move, went a bit too far to his right than he needed to and that's when he touched the grass and then we know the rest. Russel could have still pulled off that move by not going as far right as he did cause Bottas did leave him that space. That's why I feel it's on Russel more than Bottas as to who's fault it was.
Russell made the mistake Russell had enough room you can see that he has a few inches on the left and could have stayed on the track. If it was any driver from the top 5 they make the move stick
R u blind Bottas comes well over the white line
DRS is to blame.  Bottas is trying to defend, rightfully,  against a car that's going way faster than his.  He shouldn't have to let Russell by because of stupid DRS
It's fun to discuss.  Reality is BOTH drivers were acting on instinct and it caused a crash.  Plain and simple.
This was a racing incident. Don’t start apportioning blame and then complain that there are too many rules.
No comment on the situation afterwards? Big minus for Russel. Why he even went there. Body language wasn’t friendly from the start so let’s not pretend he wanted to check how was bottas
IF Bottas opened up the steering, you could as well ask the question, did he even have a choice? Could it be a case of him losing a bit of grip on the pit exit line, which might be a bit more slippery than the rest of the track surface? Anyway, this would have been a spectacular move by Russell... precisely because it's risky as heck. It didn't work out, which was always a possibility. No need to hate on anybody here.
Russel got his tires on white line and that is much more slippery than the track. That made him spin into Valtteri. He had plenty of space.
Where is the cockpit view of Bottas??
The rear of the car is wider than the front. You can hear Russell's car spin up before the front hits the wet patch.
Taking the white line as reference, I'd call Bottas' fault. Yes, in the beginning there is plenty of space (he's on the left of the white line), but he continues to go further to the right, crossing the white line and minimizing Russel's space. Yes, GR might have been "overreacted" a little bit, but if he just went straight the crash would have happened 50 meter further down the road.
I think from kimis cam it looks like bottas still had dry room to his left
DRS should not of been enabled yet end of.
Bottas moves right OVER the white pit out line - he absolutely should NOT have done that in those conditions.  Plenty of other drivers stayed to the left when being passed under DRS; saving the fight for the braking zone and turn-in where it belongs - especially on a mixed wet dry track.  He didn’t respect George’s situation at all.  George has a huge speed difference and there really is no option for him - he’s coming alongside and Bottas needs to give him plenty of room in these conditions.  If this was a fully dry circuit it’d be different- he could squeeze him - but not in these conditions.  If I’m Toto, I put Valtteri on notice - he needs to be finishing on the podium next week or risk losing his drive to George.  What George does in that Williams is remarkable and he’d be doing better than Valtteri is at present, imho.  Just telling it like it is - Valtteri needs to step up or step out 🤷🏻‍♂️
Who thought Williams would be racing Mercedes!
Russell has more than a cars width if you look on the right hand side of his car. He chose to go for the move on the wet part of the track, Russell`s fault in my opinion. Bottas was just making it difficult for him.
The enthusiast is more right IMO. Bottas pushed Russell too far right. Bottas pushed him in dangerous wet part too much. Also, Bottas moved suddenly which made Russell go farther right to avoid accident.
You can not move twice when defending. Bottas should know better. Much less, push a driver over the pit lane exit line.
Bottas just follows the natural trajectory, using the dry line, and leaving way more than enough space. We are only discussing this because Bottas is such a fair driver, but if you had Verstappen in the same position no one would dare to question if Max was the faulty one - people would just say he was defending. Russell screwed up big time, Bottas did absolutely nothing wrong.
Russell fault %100. He had plenty of space, if he got "spooked" its on him. Hes not at good as hes portrayed to be
Everyone is entitled to his opinion, but to be honest, a racing driver discussing this with a race fan is absurd in my opinion. We all really think that as armchair experts understand what really goes on. I saw it clearly as Russell's fault, all the experts see the same and even drivers. End of discussion.
Bottas admitted he was defending the corner and Russell had decided he was going past anyway. It was essentially a 200mph game of chicken. I would have thought that Bottas might have done the safer thing and moved a bit further left. He shouldn't be getting passed by cars like that in the first place.
If you look at the track where the mishap occurs, you can see that Bottas has to come right to stay out of the wet on the left of the track.
I put it as a racing incident.  Look at the video at 2:07 and then at 2:09.  Bottas moved towards Russel at least 2 feet.  I can see how that could cause Russel to over react and dip onto the grass enough to cause the issue
Was this the spot (where they ended up) that Senna had his fatal crash? It looks very similar to me.
If you listen to Russell's on board you can hear the enjine revving out when he goes in the grass, manking him spin
I used to think it was bottas but noe I'm thinking russel, but it still wasn't either fault, the grass purely just snuck up on russel to fast
it looked to me that births was trying to close the outside quite a bit but didn’t see how close russel was and squeezed him veryyyy close to the grass and going those speeds russel trying to be careful and the car lost it
Happy to see most of us agree on what happened there... My take is that if they didnt make so much drama after it happened we wouldnt even be discussing fault. Just calling it for what it was, a racing incident.
Why should there always be a guilty driver? It's a race incident. Furthermore Bottas is on the race line (moving to the next left) and doesn't need to give more space then he did. Furthermore Russel's comments after the race were just appalling and clearly political as well as he wants Bottas seat.
Here's a comment that's way too long from someone that's not good enough to be paid to do this...   Watching the Kimi angle shows that there is no "swerve" from Bottas, you can follow his line in comparison to the white line to his left, it's a fairly smooth progression as he rounds the corner with speed. He does pull left after the turn but all that does is give Russell more room to work with. When Kimi get's closer & passes, you can see that Bottas' line was on the edge of the dry section of track and I think this is where people (and Russell) are saying he swerved & forced him wide. Reality is Bottas has a clear view of where the wet & dry is so follows that, whereas Russell's is obscured by Bottas but he still tries to carve his own attacking line straying on to the wet and spinning.  Cannot see what Bottas' could have done differently except for taking himself on to the wet line and jeopardising his race. Russell needs to respect the conditions & hopefully he takes away valuable lessons from the weekend.   The real let down was the way he behaved afterwards really, needs to take a second & breath, not rush over & take a swipe at the guy he just crashed into, only to keep running his mouth after the incident. Young blood, sure he will learn & excited to see how he progresses!
Scott has summed it up perfectly.
I dont think this judgement is correct without the Bottas onboard view which shows that Bottas was on the dry line of the track and did not move right, beyond the dry line which was moving towards the racing line for the corner. All the other cars were following this line (which is why it was dry).  Bottas was not doing anything unusual and was simply following the dry racing line. You can see as Russell starts to pass there is almost  a metre gap to the side between the cars and was more than a car width of track available as Russell starts the overtake.
How is it that Hamilton and Max and everybody else that overtook on the outside weren’t pushed off to the right. Overtaking drivers were given space. Go look at the other overtakes. Bottas went far beyond the “dry” racing line. Look carefully at how far too the right of the dry line Bottas is from Kimis cam
Fault not sure. BUT Bottas should have expected a crash from his move.  And Russell did expect that extreme of a move by Bottas.
I thought it was pretty clear that  Bottas was just taking the natural line of the track. He moved out sure, but it's the natural line of the turn/ and  Bottas is well ahead.
Raikkonen and Schumacher's lines right behind are the same as Bottas'; apex and then open up slightly (right wheels crossing that white line). Russell at fault at least 60%, and DRS activated by FIA 40% at fault.
Yes there was still a car width but with Bottas coming away from the inside curb at the rate he was the space was closing fast.  By the time that happened Russell was committed,he could not have slowed enough on the wet with crashing. He went as far right as he thought possible to avoid Bottas closing the space just at the time bottas front wheel was in line with russells rear.  Russell thinks, i have plenty of room, that room is closing up unexpectedly and suddenly, i need to get right to avoid.  I say bottas should have stayed in the turn a little longer. He was beaten, it was clear.  Let it go and keep running to fight another lap.  Any thoughts on the possibility that Russell being a candidate for that seat played any role?
Look at Bottas' front right. When you say he's given him plenty of room, it's over the left of the white line. A few frames later, it's all the way over the right of the white line. Bottas squeezed him off.
Love your video’s, now i can impress the parents of my girlfriend with my knowledge 😉
I’m neutral. I think Russell was intitled to attack the Mercedes and I think Toto is a wrong by saying that Russell should be  treating the Mercedes differently, in the rare occasion that he even gets to fight a Mercedes which he’s probably never thought about because of how weak the Williams is. I also think Bottas shouldn’t be getting overtaken by a Williams driver
I think this is what happens when  young and, yes, fast, but still unexperienced drivers come to REAL race tracks, and not those Tilke's shitholes. Plus them being used to the actual punishment system in F1 when you can be penalized for almost nothing wrong. Russell simply thought they were in a straight line. They were not, and the pilot in front has all the rights to position himself in the best spot to do the next turn and defend himself. He thought that because the drs gave him much more speed Bottas should have let him pass. That's not how it works. The pilot behind always have to minimize the risks. He was arriving too fast, misjudging the speed difference, on a still wet part of the track, that's also a long left turn (there's a reason if that part leading to Tamburello was difficult before they made the chicane, and still is now). What did he expect could have happened? He probably wanted to pass Bottas because...well, he hopes to take his seat the next year probably and wanted to impress Toto and other Mercedes people, but he could have waited and tried to pass him in another part of the track or the next lap.
why was a williams trying to overtake a championship winning merc anyway?
100% russels fault bottas left cars width
Russell 100% overly aggressive .
Thank you just as i said it russel fault 100 percent.
Remember when Hamilton ran into Rosberg? Although Rosberg was very aggressive in that situation, it was ultimately Hamilton's fault. However, the question you have to ask is why does Bottas continue to move right? (over the white line). Bottas is hugely more experienced and must surely have known he was inviting disaster. A better driver would've read the situation better and given Russell's inexperience Bottas should've realized the risk he was taking.
I think the bigger question is how was a Williams able to overtake a Mercedes?
DRS is the problem. It is not real racing. You are a sitting duck. Lewis comes second because of this crash and being allowed to unlap himself plus the false over takes with DRS, Unfair for Norris and Leclerc who both drove brilliant races.
Doesn't seem like he's learned much while he's been in the fastest car!
Haven't seen your video yet, but I think Russell who was too aggressive with steering inputs at that speed, wet track and his last minute right left was too much for the tyres to cope with, so he slid and caught grass, much like Button on Vettel in Spa
The thing is, Russell has to go off the dry line to overtake. On slicks with no downforce. Bad choice.
Sour grapes from Bottas, If he was fighting for championship he would think about points not foolish pride.
racing incident... but if I had to ascribe blame, Russell. He’s the one that decided to the right and onto the wet....
I watched the russel onboard yesterday and came to the same conclusion as scott mansell did here, 60/40 russel/bottas. Bottas could have given a bit more room, but is not obliged to do so.
At the kink every driver is going to drift to the right. Its the racing line. The dry line in the track shows that's the line everyone is taking. You can see Raikonen follows the same line as Bottas behind them. Russel just over reacted when Bottas drifted over and moved too far to the right himself and put a tyre off the track. 100% George Russell's fault.
They need to show how Bottas dealt with Stroll passing him the previous lap, i bet he gave stroll more space. I think it's more on Bottas but unlucky that is happened on the kink.
Would be different discussion if Bottas is British and Russel is finn
If you see ahead Botas after his move to the right would have had to move to the left when Russell got side by side. To me he was blocking
Easy and fast: no
It's up to the overtaking driver to make a proper and safe pass. This is all on Russell.
I would put it on Russell, but at the same time I think it was just a racing incident and I'm glad the stewards didn't take any action. Just an unfortunate accident. However, Bottas shouldn't be in that position in the first place. He still doesn't come out of this looking good.
Bottas should have stayed on the dry line, why would he not? Get off and let Russell have the dry line? No way. If you want to make a pass in the pinnacle of motorsports, work for it. I really like Russell but he acted like like Bottas should have let him by since he wasen't racing for the lead in the Merc as Russell eluded to in the post race interview. Williams is in no way racing the Mercs obviously and Bottas was having a bad day obviously but still, Williams are not racing the Mercs. Bottas left him space on the track, just so happened that he had to go off the racing line where it was still wet which made Russells tires light up. Russells fault and I am a Russell fan and not a Bottas fan but I have to be honest. Bottas stayed on the dry line, that tells the whole story.
George owes Mercedes another powerpoint presentation to explain why he thinks Bottas was at fault.
My 5 cents. Bottas knew his lap times were slower, he knew Russell was in DRS zone and had it open which would reduce his downforce, knew that he was beside him or at least at his rear tires/wing (he could predict it as well). He was well aware as any other driver on the track that outside of dry line it would be wet/very wet, knew that they both were going full speed and the track is rather narrow. He still decided to squeeze George in that wet area hoping for... What? That it would work out and he would react in that short time the way he expects? He could choose a safer approach and leave him a little more room and fight him back in braking zone as most other drivers did, but he chose not to. As a result both cars were lost and losses are in millions. For P8. Russell have started his overtake properly as others did, while Bottas was on the left side of the track and was fully committed afterwards. As a different outcome one could watch Norris defending his position against Leclerc and Hamilton, or Vettel against Perez and see where the difference lies. Was it a Fuck you for their last year's race together, or him not enjoying an idea of getting overtaken by Russell again this time in a Williams, I don't know, but it very well can be as Bottas rarely defends this hard against others and usually prefers to play it safe. What it shows to me is that George can fight someone like Leclerc or Max for wins as he has the same qualities like them, commitment.
You didn't even see the on board from bottas, WTH bro?
bottas moved over to the right,more his fault.ps bottas is wasting that car.
Short answer: no Long answer: seriously, how British do you have to be to believe Bottas was at fault?
Look at the racing line. It is very obvious because it's the dry patch. Bottas holds the racing line and in fact is on the left of that line giving Russell enough space.  Any benefit of doubt that I may have given to Russell evaporated when Russell reacted like a petulant pratt after the incident.
Convenient that you both had different opinions, it made the video feel far more open
The still at 2:09 shows Bottas across the pit lane exit line, which maybe means there was less than a full car's width for George? I don't know. I'm inclined to believe George because of his stellar record and his position on the GPDA. He's respected by his peers. But I think it's hard to know what other options George had because his DRS was wide open. It would be hard to think George would just back out of his DRS advantage and slam on his breaks (potentially locking up and losing position). Also, hard to believe Valtteri didn't know where George was. His engineer told him that George was really close behind and he has side view mirrors. Great breakdown though! Thanks!
ok lets answer these first.  1, How is it that Botas is fighting this far down the grid?   2. How is it that George Russel can be in the position to overtake a Merc in a Williams?  3, Maybe Botas should be more careful in regard to it being George Russel?  4, How the hell is George Russel not in a Merc this year, last year he drove a car seriously hampered on size i.e. sized for Hamilton not Russel and out drove Botas with ease.  Sorry but to think of not having George Russel in the Merc next year would be a serious mistake, to be fair he should be in the Merc this year.  Botas is not and has never really has been good enough for the number 2 in Merc, if he was he would be fighting at the front with Hamilton in stead of mid field I mean Hamilton made a mistake and got back to finish 2nd.  My view in case you want it, I think Russel made an error due to his being a rookie but that said I think Botas could of made it easier.   Stay healthy stay happy every one.
I think it was obviously Russel's fault. The moment it was happening it was like what the hell is he doing....
I’d say 75 25 to Russel in terms of blame imo. He recently admitted to it and has apologised formally. Great guy.
If we punish Grosjean for late moving on a straight last year, and punished Verstappen for doing that in 2015, I don't see why Bottas would be allowed to move this late on Russell. Russell is already making his move when Bottas is still all the way on the left hand side, and then moves to the right. Initially thought it was because he was following the contour of the track but when the actual turn starts on the straight (which isn't straight), he follows the corner and stays on the left. So clearly, he could have stayed more left but moves at the last second. He was entitled to be more on the right hand side before Russell made the move (leaving a car's width) but I don't see how he's allowed to move this late.
Bottas ran him off the track, into the grass where he hit the wet and lost control. Cost em both heavily in points.
Russels fault, he lost control
Not at fault. He gave him enough, it's just that Russel isn't Pro enough. With time he will learn that is enough to make moves and not get scared to make mistakes. I am WilliamsF1 fan since '94.
Look at BOT tyres crossing the white line - he was moving right!
Bottas was just following the dry line, and I think he gave enough space.  Russell shouldn't have tried to pass in the wet in a turn.  Just like Ham shouldn't have tried to pass Russell in a turn in the wet.
It was the same as the 2016 Brasil gp. Vettel vs Verstappen and the Verstappen vs Perez.
George screwed it. Maybe he has issues to deal with pressure, like he was bitten up by Kubica in 2019, though he was favored by the team in every possible way
lol gotta comment.  What a way to throw your friend under the bus!  "I'm an expert and here to my left is a pleb who doesn't know what he's talking about"  Brutal.  And hilarious.
russel fault. No discussion.
Short answer. No
*Very* weird that Bottas' onboard was not available.  IDK if it's been seen yet by anyone, but it's really strange that virtually everything else is available except for his POV.
This video is basically a racecar driver saying "don't pass". European racing is so fucking stupid that it makes me sick.  He clearly moved on Russel.   "If you don't make it stick, that's your fault." What a crazy viewpoint from a racecar driver. If it were him, he would have done the same thing Russel did. He's in a Williams, he's gonna try to pass the guy when he's in a Williams.
You should analyze 89' Senna-Prost chrash....
Botta wasn't at fault.
You have to be patient as a racing driver.  Hamilton said so himself when he was lapping Russell he should have been more patient but he wasn't and he went off the dry line and went off the track.  It's a learning lesson for Russell you have to know when and where to pick your battles.  You can't win a race in one lap but you can sure lose it in one lap.
How come the racing line (dry line) comes to the centre of the track?   Full on racing incident to me. Neither put a foot wrong to me.
Question for you @Driver61 the white line between them, what is that line? seems there should be a car’s width outside of it, but doesn’t Bottas go over this line? I would say 60/40 to Bottas on it due crossing over that line
I felt it was a racing incident, but lean towards Bottas. Bottas just seems out of it. If Bottas doesn't figure it out soon, George will be at Mercedes next year.
Sorry, but for me, this one is on Bottas
George 70% Bottas 30% The moment George hit the wet grass he had room on the inside 2:36 George just over corrected and lost it.
At 2.05 - 2.09 in this vid you can see how Bottas moves over that white line with a complete wheel, which left Russel no other option than to move away from him. Look at Russel, he is pointing straight when Bottas is still on the left hand side of that line, and then look at George's hands! He saved the situation first and than lost it. Still a racing incident, but his reaction to Valtteri was fair. He saw the Fin move and he was right, based on this video.
Best thing is that russell just drove his next year place at mercedes also to the ditch.
Yes, yes he was.
I think it's a prime example of a racing incident. I hope there won't be any punish in any form -wheel to wheel racing in F1 is rear enough
If I didn't know better, I'd think that them crashing was only for hamilton to get more pointe
I think if this is a straight like Monza this doesn’t happen, the fact the track kinks changes how much space Russell has massively in a tiny amount of time and the minor adjustments from both drivers ruins Russell. Don’t think Bottas is to blame   + Kimi naturally moves from left to right on his onboard, but it’s not considered a move as he’s on the racing line, Bottas is further left
Russell by far. Bottas is on the line, following the dry line. Everyone was driving there throughout the race. Bottas even left some additional space to the right for Russell and moved left to leave even more when it was clear Russell was going for it. Russell spun it himself. Watch the Russell onboard and he's actually trying to bring the car back over from the edge vs suddenly moving right to dodge Bottas.   It's not Bottas' job to hug the inside and pinch off the racing line and send his now loaded up car off into uncertain wet territory at full speed. I think the idea of Valterri being like: oh I'm going to defend this because racing driver is totally wrong. I think he was more like: I can't really hug the inside and put this off line here because then I'll probably go off so better track out and try to leave him room. I don't really think he was out there going: let me make it difficult for you. I think he was out there going: I'm on cold slick tires that are barely gripping on the dry line right now no way am I putting this car into the water.
How would you compare this "incident" with Kevin Estre's move from the weekend at the Nordschleife? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uRraWVsJofQ
I think is Russel fault. If someone ever drove a racing car, or even a kart, knows that many moves are made under some risky conditions and we have 2 options: 1) Get back and play safe. 2) Gamble and expect the other driver to go along and give you space. Sometimes it works fine and you are praised, others it doesnt end well and you have to take the blame.  When you go for the option 2) you have to be ready to take whatever you get.  Max have learned this after being too optimist and agressive in many ocasions, and that is why he is a more mature pilot now
Now if this is russels fault that means he should not have gone overtaking bottas even while he was much faster? What kind of arguing is that then? Remember that bottas opened up right at the moment russels front wheels were next to him causing a steering reaction to the right of russel. To me Bottas is to blame here
If you look at where Bottas wheels are, just before the impact, you will see that the space is very narrow for Russell. He is forced to place is right wheels on the white lane, that been damp, is very slippery.
I don't know how ther is even a debate , the fault is clearly on Russel
The racing line in those conditions are irrelevant, the dry line is everything and Bottas was following that and left enough room. All the drivers were taking the same line, it is on the overtaking driver to make it stick and it was Russel who was trying to make a statement.
Bottarse is not supposed to be "racing" a Williams! Sack him let him go "race" rally cars.
Bottas - Follows the racing line  George - *And I took that personally*  Although he did give him a little  bit of a squeeze
of course not bottas
Russell fault atitude
This is zero sum, a racing incident that looked really bad. They live to race again.
At the moment that Russel makes his move to the outside, Bottas also moves slightly to the right to get into better position to brake as late as possible. He realizes that Russel is making a move on him and gives him a little room. If you observe the angle of Bottas’ car, it looks like he’s going to continue moving to the right, and that’s what spooks Russel. All this happens in a few tenths of a second. I think Bottas jinks and causes the crash, but Russel also knew he was taking a risk. Fortunately they’re both fine, it could have ended very badly
Chase car takes same line as bottas it's the normal line except bottas gave more room car width+,. But at the same time russell had to try, just didn't work out
This guy in a sweater is obviously a Russell fanboy. It doesn’t matter which position they’re fighting for! What matter is George decided its a good move to overtake on the wet part of the track which clearly isn’t. Bottas didn’t even move he’s got the racing line why would he give that up? Stop reaching when there’s nothhing there. 🤦🏽‍♂️
Russell had tons of space, he spooked and went on paint and prob. on grass, there was a meter or more to Botas, the rest is history.
A really well balanced debate, as it should be. I just had the displeasure of watching "The Race" tear Russel a new a-hole in their usual sensationalist way, just as they did when Albon started having trouble last year. My thoughts are that we really must see the video from Bottas' car first. I have a feeling his character is a little darker than many would have us believe.
Bottas: Cool and calculated: you wanna go...ok  pick the wet, in the turn, slick DRS....and crash.....Russel just assume your move... The hit on the head after the crash, that in my view that should be an automated 1 GP out...
I really have to underline the fact that this is probably the most calm and kind discussion I've ever seen on the internet
Bottas didnt do anything wrong. Russel was to ambitious and still needs to learn some things. He got scared and thats why he went off the track. He cant blame other driver for his misjudgement. He was the one that lost control and hit other car. He was impatient.
British people will always side with there drivers. Unless your a certain black british driver.
Do the rules say anything about putting another driver in risk? The difference in velocity was incredible, Bottas was done, and once again he couldn't handle the pressure... Why would you do that to another driver just for a position? Russel was overtaking him cleanly, got put out of the track. Max also pushed Lewis off and no one batted an eye...
I agree it was 100% Russell's fault, he din't have to make the pass there, he could have waited for the next DRS zone.  It wasn't the last lap !  It was a judgement error on Russell's part.
2:58 the moment your friend realized he could possibly be wrong xD
A big misjudgment by Russell.
Bottas should be at fault for even letting a Williams think about passing a Merc.  But seriously this is Russell's fault, a bit of inexperience where he felt he got squeezed because the racing line comes out to the right a bit because of the  left kink on the straight.
judging an incident in slo motion is not the same as real speed....at 350km the slightest move has the biggest effects. any eeal driver would have reacted like russel..at that speed it happends so quick and u will react thinking his gonna push u off track
What is your friend here on about? Why would russel get the position for being brave lol but anyway good that he changed his mind!
He took a risk because it was a chance to show he was quicker than Bottas even in a slower car. He gambled and it wasn't the right time to do it. Russell error of judgement for me
Ok so i would say no fault. Bottas does squeeze Russell completly legally. This pushes Russell onto the wet and he hydro planed the entire right side of the car. In my opinion Russell could have had better car control, but given the circumstances not many would have reacted better.
mercedes shouldn't race wiliames
Russell: "I'm going to forge new limits!" Bottas: "Not by me you're not"
the audio is not great in this vid
There's two sides to the story, Bottas does move to the right, which is on one hand understandable for he wants to defend his position. However, Russel's overspeed is so much that Bottas didn't stand a chance. He chooses to swerve quite a bit to the right and leave just enough track for the width of a car. Not a problem if it would've been dry, but it wasn't. Bottas could've expected that given Russels overspeed and the late swerve  there was a real change of Russel losing control. On the other hand Russel knows that the track is wet and that Bottas had a right to defend his position. Once Russel moves further to the side of the track, it gets wetter and the car is pulled even further with a loss of control as a result. I think both drivers were hoping the other driver would give in, as both didn't, it ended in tears. That's racing, you take a risk and hope it works out in your favor. If you don't take those risks you'll never become a champion, if you do, it sometimes blows up in your face. Let's just be thankful those cars are incredibly safe these days.
Russels fault
Excluding fan-boy bias, with so many so called form judges particularly within the F1 media in all its forms in "Get Bottas" mode, not in the least bit surprising to see so many folks decide that racing incident as the fault of the Mercedes-Benz #2 driver. Poor judgement.  100% poor driver judgement by GR too. Saw an opportunity to show he should be in that car and failed miserably to do that ... and then some. He's sure queered his pitch for the #2 seat in the three pointed star device more than a tad. Negating his fine performance when deputising for CV-19 riddled #1 M-B Driver.. He knows that and his reactions immediately after the event and later to deflect demonstrate that. Those reactions and his comments will never change what he did.  In the modern sanitised F1 era, where goal posts migrate before, during and even after the races,  it is so sad to see such stuff like that. Clearly the F1 media in all its forms have their favourites ( here I also include some Stewards ) who can do no wrong. Whilst they want to build gallows for the drivers clearly nowhere near to top of their favourites list.   Mind you, what an eventful race yesterday. Some drivers were more than fortunate in the way things panned out for them whilst others suffered bad luck in extreme forms. The Racing Gods were 'aving a larf yesterday. Lots of 'em.  Good eh.
A car width of space ok BUT no ones going to be able to steer his car through this little space at such speed
I think Bottas squeezed Russell, on the last frame before impact, Bottas has his right wheel over the white line moving to the right.
First of all you can see that he goes from having left wheel at the edge of wetter tarmac to right wheel on the edge to left wheel again when the shunt happens. 6:46 Youre saying, that the fact it was damp there isn't Bottas's problem, but it happened to be didnt it? If you look at it from Russell's perspective. He could have either predict that Bottas will move from the racing line and so not making the move at all, which would had been weird with this closing speed, just to lift off and stay behind as the move would had been done long before the corner. But if he is in the situation with the closing speed he has and Bottas moves he cannot do anything about it, else than hoping for the best on the wet part of the track (where btw. almost all of the passes in the race happened) I agree that it was just many tiny coincidences happening in exactly the wrong moments and I dont think there is big part to blame on someone but I really dont see what Russell could have done differently other than not making the move at all... Whereas Bottas could have just not trying to defend here as that was unnecessary and put both of them in danger. 11:03 I understand he needs to fight as hard as possible for the position, but in my opinion the fact that Russell is coming was clear and he just defended tiny bit too hard for the situation. In any scenario where they wouldn't crash Russel would have taken the position.
You're opinions don't matter.  The only opinion that matters isn't driver61, his buddy, or the race stewards.  It's Toto Wolff's;  because he holds Russell's future in his hands.
At the speeds they were going the move to the right by Bottas would scare the crap out of anyone (to George this suddenly looks like "oh crap" he hasn't seen me). George now has to take evasive action based on the, to him, real possibility that Bottas will just go completely track right. If Bottas did know George was coming and with a high closure speed, then any move to the right is totally wrong.
Russel fucked Lewis 's race by not moving to the side when being lapped and causing Lewis to go off the track. As if that was not enough he wants to prove he deserves Bottas's seat by making that suicidal and irresponsible move on the wet side. Was he expecting Bottas to move to the side and give him the dry part of the track? Ironically he fucks both Mercedes and yet he wants to be their driver.
Bottas fault,the fact that Russell in a shit Williams was faster than him says it all for me,bottas is in a temporary seat n he knows it
Honestly just seems like hard racing no point in trying to place blame
Bottas didnt really move specific to Russel, Bottas leading, following the dry line where everyone was driving, he didnt jolt towards russel, russel overreacted, and jolted to right too much and lost it... bottas saw it, and jolted to left actually to avoid it, but it was too late russel completely lost it... hamilton tried so many times to overtake and backed off... many drivers tried and when on wet, backed off... russel is young but cant stand the arrogance...
Russel
Look the dry portion of the track! Maybe Bottas is following that zone.
Speaking of DRS.  They should shut it down for the last 10 laps of the race.
Even the Head of Mercedes Toto Wolff said it was Russel's fault
"Now I don't like or condone anyone getting hurt,"     " *but* "
slick tyres on the wet side of track..100% russel fault
Your f1 ran is a George Russell fan boy
Bottas was the trigger, so yes he was at fault and knows it since Bottas made an almost identical move (Passing another driver) in his history of driving and Bottas indicated it was the driver that moved as being "at fault" ... but now Bottas is claiming it's not his fault even though he is in opposite position now?  So which is it Bottas?  Can't be both?  It's the end of the DRS zone, what did Bottas expect, DRS is there to enable these passes.   At these speeds, Russell's reaction was the only option given he was next to Bottas.  Every other pass that happened here with all the other F1 drivers went just fine without incident, but Bottas new it was someone who is going to potentially replace him next year.  Bottas triggered the situation, Bottas responsibility ... easy to see how far Bottas was pushed Russell over to the right.  If Toto or Bottas expects race car drivers to NOT do their job, i.e. pass, then what's the point?
Russel at fault, young, inexperienced, impetuous.
Russel lost the rear in the rain and hit Bottas. Russel is 100% responsible. End of story. 🤔
I agree with you about it being a racing incident between Russel and Bottas, but I don't agree that it is fine to drive people off the track because it is the racing line. I'm a huge Max fan, but I do feel that moves like that are unacceptable. The same when he did it to LeClerc in Austria and when both of them did it on each other at Silverstone. Yes, rubbing is racing, but you can have great racing/defending without pushing someone else off track, i.e. Kimi and Sainz at Purtugal on lap 32...
Driver61 is in the right place (in a chair in front of a PC) if he cannot see that long before Russel gets closer to Bottas, with that speed differential, he was already committed to a line that he was obligated to change and widen up because suddenly Bottas thought it was a "good idea" to defend his position in a way that there was no way to be possible since Russel was much faster. And  another thing Driver61, you are falling short (in purpose) on showing in the video that Bottas' wheels were past over that white line and not on top, so show that part of the video so people sees that the space that you claim Russel had is not there, besides, for sure, Russel did not know when Bottas was going to stop moving right. Simple!
That is not an overtake you attempt in wet conditions against a Mercedes. Russell misjudged the situation.
How is nobody talking about how Lewis reversed onto an active racing track and got no penalty!?  That is incredulous to me and the FIA should be embarrassed about not addressing it.
It was Russell's fault.
50/50 Scott 😊
100% Bottas' fault. Compare Bottas' position with every other driver being overtaken at the same spot, even in wetter conditions.  Nobody is even close to that white line in the middle of the track, Bottas even goes over it as he moves to the right in an attempt to intimidate Russell.   And let's be honest, why is Bottas fighting a Williams in a car that should be challenging for the win?  What a waste of a Mercedes seat
100% GR's fault
Lets just accept that it was Russell's fault. If a driver fails to judge grip level in wet, then that Russell's fault. Bottas is not entitled to give Russell the dry line.
reminds me a bit of schumacher squeezing barichello 2010. Question is, what was bottas goal here? There was nothing to gain here other than russel go off
Hamiltons pass on Norris, compare.
I was originally 60/40 Russel/Bottas, but now I think its 100% Russel. He went for a move, the grip wasnt there and he over corrected when he got spooked by Bottas. Could Bottas have prevented it? Yes. Should he have given more space? No, he gave plenty.
notice kimi also takes the same line as bottas.
Nothing abnormal like Schumi x Barrichello at Hungary GP years ago. Here, born a new champion, like Hamilton and Vettel, now Russel start crying too. lol
Don't think they should allow DRS unless the track is bone dry.
Russels fault. He knew it was wet out there.  Even if Bottas didn't flinch 5 inches to the right, George still would have lost it.
Human brain is a prediction machine. In an incident this fast, reactions from drivers are prediction based. Russel moved further to the right than he needed to because his brain predicted that Bottas would squeeze him. By the time he could have perceived the reality that he wasn't squeezed, he was already crashing into the side of Bottas' car. So in Russels head Bottas made a move, hence his angry reaction. In Reality there was no move by Bottas who just held the racing line, but the accident happened too fast for Russels false prediction to be replaced in his mind by perceived reality. In the future, hopefully Russel will hold his line assuming he will be given space (as he was), or back out. Either of these reactions would have avoided this accident.
I see the accident more on Bottas side, cause Russel was still before breaking zone and 30 kph faster. I can see that you can avoid accidents by stepping of the gas, but Russel would finish the overtake before the breaking zone. I wonder if this accident would have happend with less speeddifference / without DRS. Guess Russel took a bit of a risk, but who wouldn't with 30 kphs more against a mercedes.
Valtteri's fault but should be judged as a racing incident. The FIA just needs to instruct the drivers about how to move while being passed. George had no chance to keep the car on the (drying) track due to Valtteri's movement.
Bottas should've let Russell go and got him back when it dried out. Well, to be honest he should've been much further up the road.
Overtaking on the outside in a wet curve will always be a gamble, and George seems that was too optimistic this time.
Of course the williams has less downforce than the Merc and it had the DRS open so it was always gonna wander further than Russell thought, he should have checked himself the cars are on different performance levels
Congrats on the analysis, I went through quite a few and you’re the first one I finally see talk about how the kink on the straight plays a (great) part on the accident.
Russell's fault he had more than cars width chose to go into the wet and lost it.
If you watch the replay again bottas make a surprise turn on the wheel to the left, maybe russel sees that and get scared that its to right?
It spooked him? He’s a pro driver that’s not a proper excuse
Bottas
George Russell's fault, on slicks trying to overtake on a wet line? That Williams must have improved a lot to put a move like that on a Mercedes.
I think from russels immediate reaction, its quite obvious that the first thing on his mind was if the incident is going to affect his seat at mercedes.  He threw Bottas under the bus trying to save his future seat.
Bottas is ahead is he supposed to just give the place to Russell? If you think that then why race at all
Russell got spooked, over reacted, he is at fault
I blame Russell.  He dive bombed Vallteri on the outside in some real iffy conditions.  If the track was dry, then fine. Poor judgment by him. He got a wheel off and broke traction and got into Vallteri.
It was Damn Russell's fault. He had enough space and he was the one that went on the grass and then he goes in the side of bottas
I don't know why this is even being argued about its clear Russell is to blame 100 percent the gentleman's thing to do is accept your wrong.
I'm surprised anyone would seriously blame Bottas for that collision.    Is Bottas entitled to defend against attempts to pass?  Yep.   Is Bottas required to make it easy for Russell to complete a pass once initiated?  Nope. Did Bottas move in a braking zone?  Nope.   Did Bottas suddenly swerve?  Nope.  Is Bottas responsible for poor the track conditions making the pass risky?  Nope. Did Bottas leave room for Russell to stay on the track?  Yep.  Did Russel have to drive on the grass to avoid hitting Bottas?  Nope. Is Bottas responsible for Russell's over reaction to being squeezed?  Nope. Did Russell have the option to abort the pass when in his eyes it looked sketchy?  Yes.
If this were a road accident, of course it would be Russell. But in a race scenario, both drivers should know the repercussions pretty well. Bottas cannot just "eh it's not my problem" out of it because he should think ahead for risk factors just like people say Russell should think ahead too. If he squeezes Russell into stuff that's too wet and let's say this didn't happen, Russell could still tangle with him if his (much lower downforce) Williams can't keep it together when they're side by side.   Bottas had the legal right to park his car this far right, but he should know better that he really shouldn't, the chances of crashing was not particularly low if he did this to anyone. We see proof of this in literally every other overtake made in the same manner in this race, even in much drier and safer track conditions. Not a single other driver this race defended the inside line this far out to the point 2 wheels are literally past the pit exit line when George lost it.   It's silly to absolve Bottas of real blame just because he "theoretically didn't make an outright mistake according to rules". He was desperate and made a conscious choice to risk it a bit more, Russell was inexperienced and blinked. Bottas can't blame Russell for making that mistake when every other driver on the grid, all race, accounted for that safety factor that only Bottas did not. Which is what makes this a 50/50: Bottas messed up for the reasons stated above, and in turn Russell messed up the other 50% of the way that made him "theoretically wrong". Theory vs in practice was the culprit behind the controversy.
Let's thing how it should look: Bottas should leave more space - Russell shouldn't over take.
I honestly feel that the gentleman Russell is actually listening and focusing too much on the gas his enthusiasts are feeding him.
Russel obviously he just did not consider the traction on that pass attempt, he is totally to blame. Hope he learns from it and not look to blame others for his f___k ups.
Russell to blame I am afraid, his responsibility to pass safely. Bottas left plenty of room and was just following the dry line in the turn.
quote if you no longer go for a gap that exists your no longer a racing driver but it was Russell's fault it looks like he got on the grass thank god there ok
In almost any situation everyone has biases - the best trick I found to at least become aware of mine is to mentally try to exactly reverse the scenario and then see if you come to the same basic interpretation - after doing this I really can’t attach much blame to Bottas even though I would have preferred not to have to blame Russell. He’s fast and young and will get better.
I'm Russell's fan and i really think he deserves to drive that Mercedes, and i understand Toto doesn't want it until now at least, because everyone knows 2 strong drivers in one team, is looking for problems. But i think it's Russell's mistake, going for it as good as always he does, but not in rainy situations like this race. I don't see any mistakes from Bottas right there to be honest.
The biggest question here is: Where is Bottas' on board footage?
if we see the race from the begining we will see that Bottas was like not being in the race. I dont know what was happening in his head. so in this situation I think that he never saw Russel behind him and he went in this line like nobody was there.
Look at Bottas front wheel, he was still heading to the right after that cars width you mentioned had been left, so can't have been the room you think you saw.
You can see Bottas to the left of the pit exit line when Russel placed his front left next to Bottas right rear. After that exact moment Bottas moved towards Russel to squeeze him, which is a NO considering track width and conditions. For that reason and the excessive risk Russel took during that pass I saw it as 50/50 incident.
Best drivers in the World?  Right.  Stupid mistake and bad judgement is what it looks like to me.
If you watch the white line, there was one shot with bottas way over it- just for a fraction of a second but he definitely jerked his car over blocking late and Russell reacted by moving over just another foot or two, causing the incident IMO.  Bottas on board likely makes it obvious so they are dragging their feet on showing that to everyone?
Is “just a racing deal” a conclusion reached in f1 or just in America?  Because that’s what it looks like to me hard to put blame because I believe the car passing holds responsibility, but bottas widened at the last second.
Bottas is following the dry line .Russel should have seeing that .
Be Well Everyone. Enjoy some pudding..
From kimi's cam it do looks like bottas could have given much more space. There was still space for one car but very tight, there was still racing line to defend the position until the braking point for the corner. It would be interesting to compare the crash on board to the other overtakes that happened in that zone, like all the overtakes hamilton did after. And well, i'd say 50-50 anyways, maybe i'd say bottas is a bit more guilty but george just went for it all and shit happens.
I think it was Bottas' fault, you can't go and try to defend at that high speed - especially in the wet! Fact of the matter is as well, a Williams should be no where near that Merc, let alone going to overtake it...
at 2:29 you can see Bottas' wheel to the inside of the line and Russell's wheel just outside the line. But at 2:37 you can see Bottas has moved too the right a full wheel width which would have caused Russell to have to adjust further out into the wet. My verdict is Bottas' blocking move forced Russell off.
Very Professional Guys. LOVED It .. keep up the good work 👍👍
Really enjoy your analysis. Keep it up
Look at video throughout the race at the outside passes on that "straight".  Every driver defending the inside line takes their line and holds it.  Show me any single frame of video where there is a car passing on the outside and the inside car has driven so far right that their right tires are over the pit exit line.  Bottas was drifting to the outside even through the Williams is there.  Every other driver held the inside line.
Russel messed it up, Bottas tuff luck. That's racing taking the good with the bad
Hi, I would just like to say when watching the drives point of view, speciality when you were talking about some small movement, it's quite hard to see those details when you crop it in a quarter screen. Therefore you may consider having you guys in one of the corners while having the drives POV on the whole screen. Additionally, if you'd use a greenscreen you could cut out only you as persons and thus taking up less screenspace with the background, and even more. If you connect it so you guys can see it in realtime, you could from your chairs point towards details and say 'that bla bla bla...' etc.  I don't want to be a hard critic, I'm just trying to give a possible thought train! Really love your stuff! Cheers FoxPaw
Russels fault he went for an overtake and lost it on the grass then hit bottas..... Russel should of backed off.
I think that it's a racing incident. There was the space there but Bottas did slightly change his race line, but what we have to understand is from a slowed down point of view it looks like Russell is at fault, but there going at high speeds and the smallest of movements is a big change on the track especially in the wet.
Bottas was coming through the corner at speed on a partially damp circuit so it's likely there may have been an element of push. It is a racing incident in my view but the onus still has to be on Russell to factor that in. He made the mistake and has to own it in my opinion.
VAR at its Best👍
Look at the white line and bottas' tire. He's crossing over the white line. Not easy for George to overtake, but it's just like any other racing accident
But watch the white line. Bottas moves quite a lot to the right after that Russell started the overtake. Bottas forces Russel to the edge of the track and causes the accident.
Terrible title. There's no way Bottas was at fault. Russel clearly hits the grass with room to stay on the track. Honestly might have watched the video if the title wasn't rubbish.
Russel’s lack of fine control and loss of downforce traction is certain. Bottas’s choice to pressure Russel in questionable conditions put himself out of the race. Bottas knew better, Russel didn’t have enough control.
You guys just showed me Bottas is at fault! That slow-motion you do around 2:12, Bottas right front was left of white line as Russell was making move to pass, but when you stopped video Bottas had moved car over to left of white line!!! That's what George was talking about! That's well over a foot and I see Russell's point cause I would be pissed too!
Even finnish commentators saw the situation a bit of bottases fault. Seems like he didnt saw russel until they were side by side. Bottas mekes quite agressive move to the left just after he notices russel. Unfortunatelly too late as Russel goes too wide to the right side
Guys, Valtteri was defending his line. George saw he had more speed, and was able to make the pass on another sector. But choose to be a selfish toddler wanting to imprees dad with his moves. Other thing is that ckearly you see that Valtteri plays for the team first, and George plays for him first by default. So now George have to think if he's selfish move was the choice and have 300k-400k in both cars damage, instead waiting another sector or lap. Might be he will have to say goidbye to Mercedes and daddy Toto.
The guy on the right just want to believe..... But we all saw it, GR lost it on the wet grass and crashed VB out.  I don't like VB, in fact i laugh at him every race. But this was not his fault!
It came down to Russel's judgement.  Bottas did what he was entitled to do, knowing the risk of an overtake was too great.  Russel risked it anyway, and Russel lost control as Bottas likely knew he would.  Unfortunate the spin took them both out.  Russel should have thought about his future and remembered that was a Mercedes in front of him. With any other car, take the risk and show how great a driver you are, but if a Merc driver is overtaking a Merc, he better be 100% sure.
"The fact that.... and the fact that...."  The fact that you guys are examining these 2 seconds for 11:27 seconds, in slow motion is easy to give your opinions.  How about playing it one time at full speed, then discuss how you feel.  Cause "The fact that..." GR had .25 seconds to react to this situation going well over 180mph.  Thank you for your objective opinions gentlemen, but unless you are willing to just watch the onboard video once in real time to see what the driver sees, then this is nothing more than a self praising opinion video.  Just my .02 cents
100% Russels fault end of story
Bottas left a car's width to the right because he stopped shifting over to the right.   When Russell's nose passed Bottas's rear, Bottas was shifting right.  Bottas did not hold his line.  My question is should Russell have assumed that Bottas would stop shifting over and leave him room or should Russell have assumed Bottas would continue his trajectory and run into Russell?
Well, on those tricky conditions and due to the respect for the other driver and your own safety you don't defend like Bottas did.
100% Russel Fault, you can not drive on wet part, if driver ahead is slow, you gotta wait for the wider track, in wet dry mixtures
Botas all day long. Moved to the right and scared him. You don’t do that in the wet. And what was Botas doing in the 9th place being overtaken by a Williams?
Bottas is a clever driver, with a solid f1 ego. It looks like he was putting his elbows out as much as possible to keep from the shame of being overtaken by a Williams. Russell was being a bit bold by treating it like it a dry track. Live by the sword, crash by the sword.
Bottas was definitely not at fault.
The slight  move to the right that bottas make is within the dry racing line. Remember this was for position. How much space did Russel give Hamilton when he was getting LAPPED?
60/40 on Russell? Are you insane?? In these situations, you have to ask what could either driver have reasonably done to avoid the crash. Bottas: he KNEW Russell was behind him. He knew DRS was activated and therefore he knew the closing speed George would have towards the end of the straight. To avoid the accident, Bottas could simply have maintained the inside line and not crossed over at the very last second, OR, he could've opted to cross over right MUCH SOONER and claimed the outside line. What could George have done? To suggest George is 60% responsible, you are saying it's reasonable, with his DRS activated and closing VERY QUICKLY on Bottas, it's reasonable for George to have seen Bottas move over and, in reaction, slam on his brakes and just tuck behind Bottas into the corner? There is no physical way George could have done that, maintained cohesion and not spun himself out into Bottas anyway. Where your analysis fails you is not looking at George's onboard camera in real-time speed. Then you should ask, is it reasonable to think George could have avoided contact in reaction to Bottas? No, it's not. Yes, Bottas is allowed to move, but it was his late move on a car in the DRS zone, knowing he was there and closing with far more speed that CAUSED the accident. Yes George had a car's width, but in wet conditions, it wasn't enough...something else Bottas should have known. Conclusion: Bottas knew a car with DRS was about to overtake, he decided to move over to the extreme edge of the track knowing the outside line was wet, there is nothing George could have done differently that would've avoided the wreck. 85% Bottas, 15% track conditions, 0% George.
Russell's fault. He has more visual info of the situation than Bottas and made a judgement call he couldn't execute on. Only incompetent 2nd rate people blame others for their own mistakes. That "pro driver" is talking horse shit. Who tf even knows this guy's name? No wonder he's in this show and not somewhere else.
As Driver61 pointed out how the wet/dry condition of the track is simply not part of the rules, the following isn't either: Bottas is in a very vulnerable position vis a vis whether he will stay on the Merc team or not. Russel knows this, but is going to try and pass him in the wet during track conditions where others have already spun off, on the corner and for P9? Bottas is fighting for his career this season and Russel passing him just makes him look bad - even worse because given track conditions, to avoid a possible crash, Bottas really has to effectively make room for Russel's at least somewhat reckless move. This would paint Bottas as not wanting "it" enough, not being aggressive enough. I mean at one point on team radio, they effectively tell Bottas to put the pedal to the metal. Russel is essentially asking/demanding that Bottas help him out and facilitate a questionable pass. Yes, Russel is, like every driver out there, out to prove himself, but he doesn't have a fraction of the pressure Bottas is under.   Finally, it is difficult to argue that Bottas hasn't been supporting Hamilton and Merc to get all those driver and constructor championships. He clearly is a team player and willing to take 2nd. Hamilton has this loyalty tattoo as does his trainer(?) and others on the Merc team. Hamilton has raced on teams where the other guy isn't putting the team first, where there has been tension if not acrimony in the paddock. Understandably, he doesn't want to work in that kind of situation again. Russel just demonstrated that he isn't sympathetic to other quasi-teammate's situations and might be willing to create/maintain the exact kind of negative team drama that Hamilton doesn't want (and I don't think Merc wants either). Look how this sort of situation tore apart the Ferrari team last year, making everyone from both drivers to the Team Principal look bad/unprofessional with loss of points and assessed penalties all around.   In short, Russel would be wise to demonstrate that he can be a team player, can appreciate what's going on with team mates and the team, that he isn't just out for himself.   .
Can u show how much of the straight was left and also consider the sudden movement however slight at 300km per hour how do u not expect racing reflexes not to kick in
I look a the white line. As Russel starts the pass Bottas is 2’ to the left of the white line. At the point Russel is along side he is a foot to the right of it pushing Russel onto the wet edge. I agree it was a racing incident but Bottas is not without blame.
we are ignoring one simple and very important factor here, these guys are racing at 300+km/h and all af this happened in a couple of seconds... Russell is closing in very quickly with his DRS open and he just sees the gap where he can stick it, Bottas probably only just managed to see him on the mirror and even though he leaves the space, he's trying to give him the squeeze. Russell dips his wheel a milimiter too far into the wet and that's it... you know what these where called back in the day? race incidents, it's no ones fault, they were going too fast, they were following their best racing instincts, and then disaster strikes just for exceding that extra tiny marging.
There is no doubt. Bottas moved excessively to the right. He could have done this earlier, but he did it AFTER Russel was alongside. That is not acceptable. Look at it from Kimi's view. Bottas is commanding more of the right hand side than the left.
Are you guys joking??? Look at Bottas’s tire. Before the crash it’s to the left of the line and during it TO THE RIGHT OF THE LINE!!!
Its Russel's fault in my opinion. He has the chance to avoid that situation as he was coming from behind. I think that a more experienced driver like Hamilton or Raikkonen would never attempt that move
The video is too low in FPS to see the whole thing. From Kimmy's onboard it's clearer (in that it's the right time stamp) that Russel had no room left and Bottas yanked on the steering wheel once to put him off and again to get back on racing line. I think if you had a few more frames to pause on, it would help. Bottas misjudged the speed differential and made a very aggressive defensive maneuver. There wasn't really enough space. Then again by old Formula 1 rules this is a racing incident, and I'm more of a fan of those rules rather than leaving space and such.
I'm here laughing when they are deep analyzing "what drivers were thinking when this accident happened". The whole thing happened in like 0,5 seconds. What the hell... It takes me like a couple of seconds to hit the gas pedal after the red light turns green. It took me like 5 min to analyze the situation with 0,25 speed. No way in hell drivers can think anything else than "block or not" or "keep the dry lane or make more room" etc.
For me the real problem with Bottas is that he fell asleep at the wheel. It would be a risky move any day, on the dry or the wet, but Bottas reacts keeping the line straight at the last moment. I guess that if George didn't react, he would be ok, but Valtteri did straighten the line to squeeze him out and induce a lift-off.
Im more focused on how a williams was attacking a mercedes in the first place....
Russell was too impatient.. It took Hamilton around 4 laps before he could overtake Norris safely with very few laps to go yesterday.. Russell to blame..
I don't get how Bottas got to the position to need to defend against Russel, in the first place
the speed was 290KM/H on that speed you dont wanna make sharp turn so that is the reason why bottas took that line to go.
If you look closely, Bottas moves slightly to the right just before Russel is about to pass and then Bottas moves to left when Russel's front wing is at level with Valtteri's side pod. Meaning as if Bottas saw George Russel and gave him more room but immediately after that Russel lost control. Russel coming from behind and trying to overtake has the responsibility to do it safely also and not go on grass or wet part with slicks and crash into the car in front of you.
It was not a very smart move on Russell's part. He was already in the points and the chances of being caught up by Bottas down the line was pretty high anyway. On the basis of that alone taking such a risk on slicks on a wet circuit is pretty short sighted.
Could drivers not just do this everytime they are on a half wet track with slicks though? All you have to do is make a late move forcing the other person onto the wet part of the track, but also forcing them to make big steering inputs in order to get around you which in turn is almost guaranteed to make them spin if they are on slicks on the wet part of the track? I feel like the only thing Russel could have to was to back out of the overtake as I think I would have been very very hard for him to go around Bottas, especially since he now has to make a much sharper turn not to go on the grass or to run into the back of Bottas and turning his Williams to a 737
Good video. At the beginning of the race I was a fan of Russell. Then comes the crash, Bottas did exactly what he was supposed to do. He left GR more than enough room as per the rules. GR took the chance to go down the outside and panicked, got onto the wet tried to bring the car back onto the tarmac and panicked at precisely and the wrong moment plowing into VB. The view from Kimi’s car speaks volumes. It was a rookie mistake on Russell’s part. What really pisses me off is what happened when Russell stepped out of the car, he clearly wasn’t going to ask if Valtteri was Ok he didn’t care. The comments later was accused Valtteri of trying to kill them both was over the top. But he wouldn’t stop talking, he took out Mercedes chances of scoring points!! Toto isn’t going to be pleased, the cost of a new car eating into an already restricted budget will not be seen as helping Russell get a seat with Mercedes or keep his seat at Williams. I would say that this crash and the blaming Valtteri has changed his chances of driving a Mercedes in future. At the swipe at Valtteri was unacceptable.
Immaturity! As Toto put it, it was too much of a risky move given the conditions. He also reiterated to Russel, don't try to prove anything, one thing Bottas has never done... Besides Talent, he ( Russell ) still has a lot to learn if he's to be promoted....
For me it is obvious that Russel couldn't make the corner on the wet line, he aquaplaned before he lost control.
Bottas is in front and takes the dry racing line; Russel decides to go into no man's land for the pass.  Russel gets scared by Bottas' flinch and loses control of his car.  Russel's fault.  F1 flinch definition - defensive move done by Lewis, Verstappen, Leclerc, Vettel, Raikkonen, Schumacher, Alonso....
Well bottas would spin if he went more to the left. You can see that kimi I way further to the right. So he is trying to leave space. IMO what russel is doing is the same as the mistake Hamilton did when he tried to overtake on the wet part.
Russell can't drive, that simple 😂... He got scared and buummm! Was enough space for him (my opinion).
Why is blame so important, its a racing accident, massive damage but everyone is alive and the only things are hurt are some ego's. And at the end if Wolf or Mercedes doesn't want Russel and i am convinced both McLaren and Redbull will be happy to sign him. George is racing for his team and Mercedes is acting like he has three teammates.
Allison: "George, it's James on the encrypted line. We've hit problems. We need to red flag the race."  Russell: "Copy... "
The fact that it is officially considered as a racing accident says enough, as far as I am concerned. So besides the question who's fault it was you could ask yourself if defending a practical worthless track position the way that Bottas did is worth the risk. Because Bottas knew that Russel was coming in hot, and that Russel would be able to overtake him. Bottas was not having his day, and maybe he just should have accepted the fact that it was not his day.   To me it seemed a bit drastic to defend a practical worthless spot under those conditions at those speeds that furious. And the result is that his car ended up in pieces without any points at all. So it turned out that it was a wrong decision from Bottas considering the end result.
BOT is allowed one racing move and then he left him a car's width so I don't understand what the debate is.
He didn’t squeeze him at all. He stayed on the dry line on a near track. Russell misjudged and was over corrected on a wet track. The guy in blue has no idea what he is talking about until the end.
in your stills in the beginning, you can see bottas on the left side of the white line, AFTER russel loses it, bottas is on the RIGHT side of the white line, indicating he did a steer towards russel, slight turn yes, but as russell said, at 220 kph, its quite different. The difference between these stills and the discussion taking place is you're taking asmuch time as  you want to determine whats going on. do it at 220 kph on a wet track with one dry line, and the slight move to the right may look a bit more crazy. I do not think Bottas in a racing sense is at fault(based off what we can see thus far), but due to the conditions, his swerve DID cause russell to lose control. Does that means Bottas is at fault? Russell can use his own reasoning of the ''conditions of the track'' to know he should have lifted  off the accelerator as Russell was not on the dry line.
Russell's fault. He was responsible for 1) Managing the grip (He didn't, hence his swerving) 2) The space.When Bottas closed the gap, he thought he was squeezed out ( then why take the risky move to pass then?? and flinched)
Difference in opinion because one is a George Fanboy while the other person is unbiased
The problem is any subtle move at 300km/h makes a great effect when 2 racing cars are close. Did Bottas need to do a risky move? If you are a racing driver you should know the track is in changing conditions and any action you take against a rival can return towards you. I think Toto is completely wrong because George had the space and the speed to overtake and Bottas should be blamed because he's got the experience to choose between less points or dnf. Also, with a Mercedes he should had been able to overtake Russell later.... Furthermore, why FIA hasn't shown any footage of Botta's cockpit? It would make everything clearer
It was russell's fault
what i see is that bottas (watch the white pit line) goes to suddenly a bit extra to the right and russel reacted to that
When Hamilton overtakes Norris, Lando leaves him even less space in the same area of the track and nothing happens... I thought they also collided, it was very close. But of course, the track was already dry.  I don't know whose fault it is, for me Bottas made that move on purpose to scare Russell, but he still leaves enough space... Russell sinned from optimism, he made a risky move knowing that the track was wet and knowing that in the other car was his arch rival Bottas... knowing that Bottas was not going to make it easy for him to humble him once again.  Conclusion: I don't know who is to blame but Russell is the one who could have prevented it.  What we really should be discussing is whether Verstapen's overtaking of Hamilton should be allowed. Because for me what Verstapen did is filthy. I know it's legal in F1, but not for that reason it stops being a dirty play.  What is the problem? that takes away the show from us. Because if it stopped being legal and the one on the inside line had to leave the space when going in parallel, we would have longer and more exciting fights... but since the Verstapen maneuver is legal in F1, the fights or parallels only one curve.   I use iRacing, Raceroom, Assetto Corsa... and how nice it is when you have a parallel that lasts several curves, very exciting fights. And how nice it would be to see that in F1.   Imagine watching Verstappen and Hamilton go through that chicane together and then parallel to the second chicane ... wow! That would have been exciting ... but since the FIA allows these shit, at the same time they steal the show from us.
Russell had the engine revs shoot up before the accident when I watched the replay at 0.25x speed. . I think he lost traction on the slippery white line. Racing incident.
Bottas drifted to the right and causes doubt to GR! VB has to acknowledge his part in the crash with GR in what was a racing incident! Would be good to see the footage of VB?
If it had been dry conditions, then it would have been entirely Russell's fault.  However, the conditions play a huge role in this.  The track is mostly wet, but DRS is active and the drivers are on slicks.  Russell would have been fully along side Bottas without intervention, that is not up for debate.  Bottas made the decision to run a car that had significantly reduced down force into the wet part of track/edge of the grass around a flat out corner while that car was coming along side.  What did he think was going to happen?  That isn't a racing incident.  Bottas purposefully put Russell in a dangerous position.  What was he suppose to do?  How would you have scrubbed that much over speed in the wet around a flat out corner?  Bottas put Russell in a position where more often than not it would have resulted in a crash.  That places the blame on Bottas.
The high DRS closing speed really pressurized the situation, leading to Russell’s overreaction and loss of control. He had a great run on Bottas but ultimately it was his responsibility as the passing driver.
On your slow motion it looks like bottas front tyre is over the center white line.  However, in those conditions and in hind sight Russell should've shown restraint.  Racing incident with 50/50 ish blame.
It was racing incident that happened on a wet track at 180+ mph with both cars on slicks. There is no scientific way to place level of blame.
This was a brill video.   I think liability is shouldered by Russell 70 / 30 and my reasoning is threefold.   1) Bottas did leave a reasonable amount of room. Whether that outside of the track was wet or not is not Bottas' responsibility. That's a judgement call for Russell to make as to whether he's going to risk utilising the wet section of the track 2) Bottas' slight movement was just that, slight. It wasn't jarring and it wasn't late. He largely stuck to his line.  3) As you say, had the track been dry this accident likely wouldn't have occurred. Above all else, this shows that there was room and that Russell was simply pushing his luck too soon in the race.  All that said, I'm just glad we had another brilliant race and that nobody was seriously hurt.  Looking forward to the rest of the season!
Russell is right in his interpretation of the incident but , this is racing , he leaves space. If Russell is committed to the move than he has to accept that inevitably Bottas will squeeze within the rules. If this had been a dry condition this would not have happened. So Russell needs to be responsible for making a dry condition move in wet conditions. Conclusion is Russell had agency of the outcome more than Bottas. BTW I don't like either driver.
Russell panicked when he saw the movement of Bottas and his arse went which caused him to over compensate, he caught the grass and it's goodnight Irene.
deffo Russel in the wrong here. Plenty of room, steering input was terrible, why even risk such a dodgy overtake half way into the race...
Frame at 2:18.   Assuming that the white like is parallel to the track edge, bottas 's front wheel does cross quite significantly over the line. Whereas on the frame before , he is just on the line
You have to consider the attitude of VB's car as well.  One frame on from where you stopped to discuss (2:37), VB is an entire wheel (+ a bit) over the line and there is no more space for GR - or at least the space is rapidly disappearing as GR is coming past.  This is the point at which VB straightened out and also the point at which GR responded by pushing wider and putting himself onto the line or grass.  This is definitely not deliberate from either party.  Judging by how effective LN defended against LH by placing his car in the middle of the road early into this final stretch, I am going to argue to VB was caught off-guard by the pace at which GR was approaching and made whatever defence he could too late.  In the same vein that you argue they as racing drivers are thinking about overtaking or being overtaken, I want to argue that perhaps GR was well aware that the track was drying and once more developed, he may not stand a chance against VB.  The track is very difficult to overtake on so getting past a struggling VB now would have left VB stuck in dirty air and may have been exactly what GR needed to hold him off until the end - again drawing from the LN defence against the two Ferraris.  Either way, glad everyone walked away unscathed, albeit bruised egos I am sure.
If Bottas is at fault, then you're playing ps4
If what the enthusiasts said is true, that Russell was "Spooked " is being Spooked Bottas fault? I think if that door of opportunity closed, he should have backed off.
Passing off the racing line on the outside is a risk taken by the driver making the pass. The defending driver made the pass as tough as possible while keeping his position legal. Fault to passing car.
When you look at the white line of the left side you can see that Bottad made a move to the right
Bottom line, once again hamilton lucks out
I don't think it's really anyone's "fault"; I just think George was damned unlucky with the grip on the wet part of the track. As soon as he went on to it, I knew what was coming. Exactly the same as when Lewis tried to overtake George on the wet part of the track; the outcome was inevitable.
Russels fault in my opinion 60/40, Bottas didn't do anything wrong, Russel made a risky move that didn't pay off, racing incident, a bit of immaturity from Russel perhaps?
At the end of the day, the official ruled it a racing incident and got the correct decision. The rest is for Toto to make
Bottas on the dry line, Russel shouldn’t do that move considering slick , cold and wet
Watching this made me think a racing incident but with the benefit of super slow motion. At speed I would bet it felt different and looked different. Russell caused this regardless of who or what the other car was. The rest is just the drama get consumed by today...
The one who decies to take the risky aproach is to blame. Bottas can drive this exact line a million times without anything happening. Russel opted to keep going for it.
If you see rusells onboard, you can kind of hear the tires start spinning before touching the grass, probably aquaplanning instead, not from touching the grass. Still I guess its a misjudge from George, but at least he didn't drive into the grass.
Russell, he clearly went onto the wet grass.
For the Kimi on board, make it full screen so we can see!
You can't really blame Bottas or Russell for the crash itself, but the decision to go for that extremely risky move in those conditions is entirely on Russell. And he was very naive thinking that Bottas would just move to the side and let him easily come through. In the end Russell didn't even need to do that move, he was already in the points, and he saw what happened to Hamilton, so he knew that he would end up at least 1 position higher.
Bottas was primary to blame.  You call it a corner, but it is really a straight...drivers keep their foot planted and corners require you to lift or brake.  At 180mph that was an incredibly assholish move on Bottas’ part.  WRT initial comments about Russells prowess, Mansell you are full of shite...I have seen nothing that Russell has done to distinguish himself.  Coverage of the race by Brits rave about Russell (presumably bec he too is British), but Norris (also Brit) has been doing so much better than Russell.  Great drivers take a shite car and do brilliant things with them (Prost, Michael Schumacher, Verstappen come to mind...not Lewis as he is good in a great car, but just okay otherwise).
Russel's inexperience and lack of talent is the cause for the moment of pure magic. Yes valtteri was underperforming at this point of the race, there is no way a merc should be struggling in 9th place with a williams alas here we are. Lots to be learned for George.
Russell took the risk of moving onto the wet side of the track, on slicks,with the DRS open. You can hear the rear losing traction when the engine revs suddenly increase. What did he expect? Russell has to take the rap for that one. There was only one dry line and Bottas stuck to it.
I feel Bottas should have left a little bit more room considering Russel is only in his third season. If he left just a bit more space and be a bit more cautious with Russel the crash wouldn't have happened. I still feel its a 50/50 but the crash might have not have happened.
I think its racing incident, as Bottas you dont wanna let your position easily, as Russell you go for risk and then he got scared end up crashing. Good that both are okay, but this is racing!
If you take basic road rules into account. Whoever hits the other is always at fault, and gets the ticket.
The tunnel vision effect narrow things. When the tarmac ends and the grass begins at the end of pit  and the beginning of the kink the perspective of security for Russel suddenly changed and certainly raised the fear of not having enough space, from that point on he was already doomed and the crash was only a matter of time. For sure he didn't foresee that and it's simply a racing situation, but if there is one guilty it's Russel.
rusell is complete idiot, he disappoint me at all
Two people who will never drive for any formula 1 team, have an opinion
Looking at the steering wheel position as he is moving down the track, it appears that his front tire lost grip well before the grass.  Look closely; he is turning to the left before or just as he approaches the white line, yet the car still moves further to the right.
I think it is bottas fault
Not sure Imola is safe enough anymore
Are there some Massa/Perez Canada 2014 comparisons to be made??
Sorry but you don't think you just feel.
Russell's fault, then acted like a gigantic baby about it.  Luckily, no one was hurt.
Kinda funny how people put so much emphasis on Kimi's onboard. Did everyone just forget relativity. From The perspective of Kimi, a moving object could appear still and a still object could appear to move depending on the the movement of Kimi. The most important perspectives are those from Bottas and Russell. From both of those perspectives, Russell made a call to pass in the wet. It wasn't a misjudgment, as when he was flagged to let Hamilton by just before this, Russell stayed on the dry line and Hamilton passed in the wet, leading to his off at the turn. He absolutely knew the risk, and jeopardized his race and Bottas' race.
I think it's on Russell, I don't think Bottas is to be blamed in this incident at all tbh
The Kimi on board was the decider for me too. When I saw it full screen, it very much looks like Bottas is on the very edge of the dry line on the right hand side, ie he's decided that if Russell wants past, he's going fully on the wet track, and I do think he leaves it quite late to show Russell off the dry line. He's perfectly entitled to do that of course, and he does technically obey the letter of the rules but how often are drivers told "you're not racing him right now, don't fight." Or Bottas could have done exactly what Verstappen did; let Russell get onto the outside and then just run him out of road in the corner and put Russell well back. The Williams is an improved car, but still the second slowest car on the grid. So Bottas should have raced clever, let Russell past then demolished him later as the racing line fully dried and he could easily overturn the Williams. Hamilton did the same; he was patient, measured and didn't try force passes and was rewarded with a 2nd place. The crash is caused by Russell spinning and hitting Bottas so the short answer is that it's Russell's fault BUT Bottas put Russell in a position to have a crash so I would attribute the blame to Bottas, mostly because his squeezing of Russell was at best unnecessary, at worst a deliberate attempt to force him as far wide as possible.
Come on guys, what Bottas did, was very dangerous. He was aware of the wet track and he just gave him barely a car's width..
I think that's FIA called it right, it's the definition of a racing incident. Russel was expecting Bottas to give him that room and not cross that white line, Bottas was thinking that Russel wasn't gonna go for the move
Hey @Driver61 just wanted to say great upload, I love this. Mature and knowledgable discussion. Raw, unedited commentary is gold on YouTube these days so thanks. Also I think I agree with you, Bottas was defending his position and it's Russell's responsibility to control his overtake. It was ballsy though so I can't hate him
Even if he had got his nose in front, how was Russel going to stop the car for the upcoming left hand bend, while being on the wet side of the track? This was a move that has a good chance of working in the dry, but was never going to work when one car is on a dry track and the overtaking car is on a wet track.
Valteri, its James. Lewis has crashed and needs a safetycar.
Many people biased because of "GR" and "VB" more like "British" and "Non British" what if the two drivers didn't link to any seat or what if this just feeder series, do you think driver in the inside was at fault even though he gave space a car width and no sudden steering moves (according to telemetry), or the driver on the outside was at fault because he was the one that taking risk to overtake on the kink with single dry line available at the time?  Be Mature, dont be biased  Thanks @driver61 for the great analysis
Disclaimer... also racing driver here...  I put it 60/40 on Bottas.  Watching it at speed... which is the proper way to review (in real time) I don't know a driver I've ever run with who would not have done what George did.  Bottas sees the closing speed with DRS and pulls a border line dick move.  And, he paid the price for it.  To have avoided the accident, with that closing speed, would have been to ask a racing driver(George) to not go for a gap that exists... What did Senna say about a driver that doesn't go for the gap???  With respect, could that be why you are sitting around reviewing F1 passes?  At the end of the day, I believe this is purely a racing incident, but one avoidable by a driver(Bottas) concentrating on maximizing what the car has to offer rather than trying to spook the driver behind him...
Watching where Kimi drives and when he moves over at the kink I can see how Bottas was taking the line, it felt like he wiggled to the right, but the track was so wet offline even with the overspped the Williams couldnt make it stick.
I am more suprised that a williams is catching a Mercedes
I dont understand how people can blame Bottas for this one. Like said, there is a kink on this straight, en Bottas is just staying on the dry patch. Why should Bottas move out of the dry patch just because Russel wants to overtake there?
Russell knew the risks he knew the track he knew the conditions. However he lacks experience, Russell’s fault all day long. Not even 60/40 100% at fault. Russell will never be WC, just another journeyman.
Fantastic conversation to illuminate all kind of angles. IMO Botas did nothing wrong. He could have allowed for a cleaner pass but at that point he isn´t racing anymore and you might as well give point-byes. It`s a very small mistake my Russel that sadly had huge consequences. I might say though, he could have been more professional post incident.
Imo, Russell was faster and bottas should have left room instead of trying to block in inclement conditions.
Bottas fault
THANK GOD YOU NOTICED THAT IT WAS THE WET PATCH, my goodness so many people say it’s the grass Bottas’ positioning did put Russell in a bad spot, because if you look at Russell’s car direction, he was still pointing away from the track——he has gone so wide that he still isn’t done turning.  It is 50/50, it is not lack of judgement by Russell, nor is it bad defending by Bottas, like Russell said if this was dry this wouldn’t have happened.  Bottas left a cars width, but indeed, it wasn’t a car’s width that Russell could have actually used
Russel should have quit but kept pushing where he shouldn't. And then the shitty reaction just makes it sad
More to the point - what was Bottas doing getting overtaken by a Williams?
Sucks but Russell’s fault all the way.  He had many options including not make the pass.
People who believe valterri is to blame then they don't have any right to say seb was robed in Canada 2019 period
0:07 Callum(?)'s eyes go wide when you say he isn't a pro racing driver.
I swear to Lord these ads are getting longer and longer every single day
When you have been lapped and are well down and another car is about to pass you with DRS and a much quicker pace...YOU don't fight for the position !
Russell made huge error..
Russell fault all day... Knowing track is wet... Knowing one line is clean... It was foolish to think he can overtake him...
Maybe Bottas was guilty but definitely Russell ended looking like a jerk to F1 viewers yesterday
Slick road problem, crashes happen when it is wet and slick tires.
"Valterri, this is James, we need to let Hamilton pass." Valterri: "Copy"
It's really hard to say who is at fault. In my view, both drivers did not expect the difference of grip between the wet track and dry (even Lewis got caught out). In a dry racing condition, Bottas' move to the right is normal to squeeze the still behind overtaking car to the edge of the track, and Russell's overtake is also justifyable since he is much faster with the DRS. However, there is a wet and dry part on the circuit. In this condition, the move by Bottas was unnecessary as the car on the damp surface would definitely lose out through the corner, and the charge by Russell is too ambitious as the damp track is very unpredictable and should have backed out.  A more speculative point is Russell getting spooked, it appears to me that Russell only concentrated on Bottas and did not realize how far right he has gone. This behaviour is also seen during Austria 2019, where Russell concentrated on the battle between Max and Charles and accidentally dipped his car in the grass. To me, it appears that Russell can get too concentrated on something and forget where his car is on the track. If Russell didn't go on the grass, the crash might not have happened and he will lose ground in the damp surface, then Bottas would stay in front. Yet, calling out Russell's intuition would be unfair in my opinion.
Whoever that f1 fan is he's an asshole it clear bottas gave him enough space and he never squeezed he never got too close to Russell either
I think it's 60/40 on Bottas. You can see how Bottas moves to the right evidenced by how the Merc is crossing over the pit exit line, which must have spooked Russell and George seems to have overreacted with the correction, putting him over the wet/grass and losing control. I don't think Russell could've backed off because of the massive speed difference of the open DRS, but the split second interpretation seems to be that Bottas was going to further close the door to the right, instead of doing a quick jolt to the right and back.  I believe that jolt Valtteri did was unpredictable for the one attacking on the outside, and caught Russell by surprise.  Was George's attack risky? Absolutely. Could he have aborted the attack knowing that his Williams wasn't bound to hold position afterwards assuming he had been able to make the move stick? Sure. But there's no rule preventing him from attacking a better car.   I think Bottas knew Russell was coming, and tried to scare him off the attack with a subtle move but underestimated just how committed Russell was to the attack and the massive speed difference between them.
It reminds me a bit of the move Hamilton did on Ricciardo in Monaco 2016.
I'm no driver but there is no way that was Bottas fault. Bottas took the dry line as he was entitled to, Russel took the risk to go offline in order to make the overtake and couldn't make it stick. Open and shut Russell's mistake. It was a young hot-headed error that is uncharacteristic for Russel to make but no one is perfect. No matter how much raw talent Russel has it takes experience to temper that into race winning or even championship performances.
Bottas did nothing wrong.. russel lost it on the wet side simple as that.. if it had been dry russel would have passed without issue.. simple miss judgment on russels side
Both are at fault IMO, Valterri playing ballsy and riding wide right instead of being considerate and safe, and GR being ballsy and even attempting something risky not knowing if Valterri would even give him the space needed etc. Fun race though :D
Russell could have held his line and allow Bottas to hit him. Or. He could have let off and let Bottas through knowing Bottas could pull this dirty trick and fight again the next lap. I still think that Russell could have done better. I mean, is Bottas not gonna defend and let Russell through like he is getting the blue flag? No! Of course not. So, It is up to Russell to do the smart thing, which he didn't.
"Bottas left him car width space" and here the discussion should end. There is no explanation for Russell's overambitious move.
Hello scott I just recently found your channel and I LOVE it.  I have loved watching all types of motorsports my whole life, i however dont get caught up in the rules and what not, but I was wondering if you have done or will make a video on the creation and evolution of f1 rules? Like how certain ones came to be, how the driving line rules were made and evolved with the evolution of the cars and who decides what rules are put in place for driver safety , ie. The drivers or the f1 rule comity? Again I dont follow alot of that but am curious as to how they cam to be. Thanks mate
I personally think it's Russel's fault. Yes bottas moved to the right. But that's the racing line. Russel went just a little bit too far to the right getting on the grass, turning him into bottas.
This is the car mistake because when they hit ,the bottas steering  move opposite side but he didn’t turn it to the right side
My question is; how many other cars had been passed at that point of the circuit, without pushing the passing car on to the wet?
Bottas stayed on the dry line, that's it. Russel messed up getting in the wet. Complaining about it afterwards... Well, I kinda liked the guy before, not so much now. He needs to apologise in public for that crap. The crash itself, racing incident due to a misjudgement trying to overtake.
It's Russell's fault, Bottas just did what whoever would have done in that position. Even respecting the rules
Bottas did nothing wrong, Russel had always more then a car width for his disposition, bottas wheels did never change the angle towards right, Russel did come with an to agressiv angle from left to right, because he wanted the maximum slipstream but did missjudge that the change of forces because he needed to come back from his overtaking from left-right and back left to get straight and pass bottas and this missjuging and to close behind bottas in the slipstream made a to hard angle right. Is pure physics and then his right rear wheel was over the track..  is not a 60/40 or 70/30..is a total error from Russel. Bottas was actually an gentleman and I'm not for MB at all, would love to see Russel or somebody else then Mercedes Benz all the time but this is 100% Russell's  error. The only think was protect Russel is that the straight actually makes a light left, even a light bend so for Russel it did look for a fraction of a sec if bottas would drive straight (in this case toward right) but bottas was also driving towards left but he had also a speed of >300km and even F1 underlying physics and of course bottas car will go a bit right before he goes left even if his wheels where never right, pure physics and Russel did missjudge all this
Bottas gos richt and not stays left
Equal fault for me. Yes Bottas is entitled to defend and leaves him a cars width, just, by pushing him wide Bottas is putting both cars in a position where a incident could happen. Russell is over eager and misjudged the grip available. Yet how many chances will Russell have to overtake a Merc on pace. Personally i think its one of those incidences where it was just unlucky that the huge closing speed combined with the position on the straight that they met. If you look at the overtakes that were completed under DRS, most were completed before or after that point. They just met at the one part of that straight were Bottas naturally drifted wide and Russell had so much closing speed that neither driver could react quickly enough to avoid a crash.
Bottas tried to spook him and it worked. Sportsmanship and Karma Valtteri. 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Was there no other part of the track where he could have tried to overtake?
The only people that are blaming bottas are the Mercedes haters
As much as I want Russell to do well, it was his fault :/
Its Russel's fault. He had way more space than he needed  It's not like Bottas moved at the breaking zone I don't even think there's need for a discussion about that
I think the main reason i'd disagree with what's said here, is that i'm hearing "it's not valterri's fault that it's wet" but IMO he should know that it's wet, and make accomodations to his defence accordingly, just as russell should. It was also too late for George to back out of the move, he was closing at 30mph and he can't just brake or lift with DRS and a semi-wet track as he'll go off or spin. It's BLOODY close but i think it's racing incident if not 60/40 bottas's fault.
It was clearly Bottas fault, wasn't it the overtake spot of the whole race? If you put Hamilton instead of Russell you can be sure Bottas won't make that move.
The stewards investigated and could not apportion any more blame on either driver. They have telemetry and also other cameras (non broadcast) to look at. It was a racing incident. Russell did not have his normal downforce because his DRS was on. Bottas made his pit stop later than Russell and was struggling to get his tyre temperatures up - so he had poor pace. As the driver making the pass, it is up to Russell to judge whether it was possible. Bottas was a sitting duck at that stage and all he could do is to place his car to make it as difficult as possible for Russell. The pass failed and they both crashed.
Russell is gangster on track. He doesn’t deserve to be in a Mercedes.
Valtteri it's James, execute order 44
Russell thinking he's the Merc #2 driver is hilarious.
russells fault
Who hits someone in the head right after a high speed accident?  Bottas easily could have been concussed, to which this could have aggravated injury. Come on Russell.
Bottas is a below avarage drive
Why even discuss it? Bottas as the very reliable driver he is did nothing wrong, and the crash-prone Russell just ended both their races. Then Russell once again showcased his despicable personality, but we should have grown used to it by now. Remember Imola 2020, the Mugello, Spielberg 2020, Singapore 2019, and the many more I'm forgetting… this guy is even worse than de Cesaris, who at least himself wasn't an annoying spoiled brat.
For me it's bottas fault. He left russel enough space but when you look on the pit exit line you see that he moved right. This irritate Russel and you can't blame a such young driver for that
Bottas as fault
If russle was 3 inches behind bottas as to me the normal line does allow for shifting the opersite direction and to open  a corner a little a bit more seeing he has a hampered line of being defensive russle knew the conditions  were mixed and riskey hey Hamilton a guy thats been almost perfect recently makes a error does that not say how tricky it is back to the point at hand say he was 2 inches behind any logical racer that cares for the race end would of backed out ....there was more than enough room im sorry if you going to be flinchy as f1 driver maybe he should drive in esports where you not in a car and costing millions of dollars. And over reacts cause sorry to say for being a pu###.... sorry would vettle alonso lando  max Lewis any one of them in the same position would they react the same ?
I don't know who's to blame for this but to be honest what's most important to me is... How was Russell's Williams in a position to overtake Bottas' Merc? Like that just speaks volumes to the utterly awful season Valtteri is having.
To me the main thing that caused this crash is Bottas moving at the exact time George went to pass. Yes he gave him a lane but to George who is coming at 30mph faster to suddenly have a car move when you dip out and no know how much more that car will move caused him to take the action he did. He has no idea if Bottas was going to move to where he did or move more. Just as Max would do in his early days that almost caused crashes with kimi and Lewis and did cause a crash with Daniel and as George said. To me it is the timing of Bottas move that caused the crash to happen, he was on the track side line, he should have stayed there until Russell was either beside or past him, pinch him closer to the corner not right as he moves.
Toto Wolf has blamed George. What else is there to say?
Pretty simple, Russel all day long, he came from behind, he had the view, he spinned not Bottas. Bottas did nothing he was not allowed to do, the rest is what you want not the facts.
imo neither of them was at fault. Bottas had the right to defend his position and Russel had the right to go for the gap. They both did what a driver is supposed to do but the weather and track conditions didn't help, Russel just lost control but its not like he should've slowed down having the opportunity to overtake a Mercedes, and he clearly didn't take out bottas on purpose. Just a racing incident and no one's at fault. Same goes for their reactions, VB shouldn't have flipped GR off and GR shouldn't have tapped his helmet, but the heat of the moment makes it understandable and ok in my opinion.
Russell at fault. Bottas was defending his position.  Russell was to aggressive/ambitious for the track conditions and FR touched the wet white line possible the grass.  Russell lost control  of his car.  Russell lost control and hit Bottas's side like a spear.  This contact was perpendicular to the track and Bottas's car.                    T)
Russel blew it, which was obvious from the 1st replay.
I see it as 100% Bottas fault. Bottas keeps squeezing Russell as indicated by Bottas's right front wheel is over the white line showing his movement to the right. Bottas KNEW Russell was there so why keep moving to the right? Only carnage would come from moving to the right. Bottas was beaten. He should have conceded he corner.
Did you both just ignore Bottas’ right front wheel position in the last frame?  It is CLEARLY moved right it’s entire width between those frames.  How can you miss that?  In the middle of the attempted pass Bottas continued to crowd Russel.  Bottas is a fault.
100% Russell and he should be officially reprimanded for striking Bottas.
Russell faced exactly what he had just "done" to Hamilton. Hamilton came charging behind him. Russell was on the racing, dry line he was entitled to be on and couldn't go anywhere else even if he wanted to.  Hamilton ballsly tried to rush past him off the racing line. Wet patch of the track. He went carting past into a spin. His fault. Nothing Russell did or could have done. Bottas was on the racing line both on the straight and into the kink. Russell tried a brave move. Good for him if he had pulled it off. Caught a wet patch that spooked him. Really tough. But nothing to do with Bottas.
Look at the dry line. Bottas is well within the dry line when Russell is alongside.
I think Russell had his foot in it and the right rear spun when it hit the wet painted line.
Think safety!!!! It's not rocket science It's George's fault...You have to think about George's thought process and the fact that he's trying to hard to impress Mercedes but that's my opinion
No-one fault, just car racing.
The absolute best thing here would be for Russel to just apologise.  I really like him. There is no way that I can imagine that Bottas did this intensionally. Russel saw a gap but the gap was already closing. At that speed shit happens fast.
100% Russel fault - with slick tyres on the wet surface at such a high speed was reckless driving. he should have deserved penalty for causing such heavy accident including the unfair way he was acting after the accident: not helping his racing driver mate out from his wreck but actually "hitting" his helmet.
Bottas was staying on the dry racing line in my opinion, really don’t think he mad a move
Bottas was following the racing line, look at how kimi even takes the same line, he left enough room, if it wasn't wet russell wouldve been fine.
But didn’t Bottas move was relatively late ... Russel was committed and he was taking the dry line ... by the time Bottas moved it was too late for Russell to brake and he was already on the wet ... if you are saying it’s not bottas fault the how is it Russell’s? He maintained himself within the track and was only forced to the wet by Bottas...
Its Botas fault for putting the fastest F1 car in a position to be under attack from one of the slowest in the first place
Toto is pissed at George..Botas kinda made it awkward going across the line..
love the videos.  This is a good series to get various viewpoints on incidents such as this.
Why is there no onboard from Bottas yet?
I think bottas moved over to the right too late
The crash was buttas fault.. he could have stayed on the inside of the line. Plus he knew the limit of both cars 🤔 when he made the other car touch graas. Buttas stayed on the inside white line. Which made the other car, suck to buttas car causing the accident.. Because buttas wanted to protect his spot. It was a selfish move from buttas ..
Also, take into account what DRS does for the grip on the vehicle and the grip distribution between fore and aft.  The sparks from Bottas vs Russell made me think about this.  I think this difference made the car behave unexpectedly for George.  I do agree that no driver shares the blame whole heartedly also.
From what I see Bottas was following the dry line through that kink (rather than any strategic move to the right) and that still left a car's width to his right. One thing I haven't seen mentioned in various commentaries is the fact that Russel's car starts sparking the moment he comes out of the slipstream. To me it looks like Russel came out of the slipstream with a more sudden move than was appropriate for the conditions and misjudged the effect of the suddenly increasing downforce, especially on the front of his car because of the open DRS flap.
Bottas drifting right again after assuming the inside In Russell's mind he doesn't know how far Bottas is going and Russel can't have a sudden correction or he'll likely spin just the same. He took a gentle wider line and ran out of blacktop. Bottas went too far, he should've just held his line made Russell's life difficult go the long way brake deep on the inside and take his licks . Bottas' fault for creating the dangerous situation.
Why do you they didn't release bottas onboard? Because toto doesn't want people to know that it was bottas fault & toto was 100% wrong saying Russell shouldn't have overtaken a merc. That's a bullshtt
This discussion was very organic
At 2:08 you can clearly see the water spray over Russel's right tyre.  The problem is that you can see a 4 foot space between his car and Bottass'' at the same time.  Sorry George, it was your fault this time.
i dont knoe, racing incident, russel  got spooked, he tho bottas was not giving him enogh space and overreacted, racing incident that's it
Bottas didn't push Russell anywhere. Bottas was in front and Russell went out of track. Stupid rookie move.
You can analyse it in slow mo all you want but the reality is that cars racing at such high speeds take the racing line around a bend and will not go around like a shopping trolley hugging the left side (in this case).  Bear in mind that the incident happend as they rounded a slight left bend which at those speeds would have pushed the cars to the right. With only a dry racing line (in which Bottas kept to the left of), he had more than  given GR ample space, but also compromised his dry grip. Nonetheless (in hindsight), there wasn't enough grip to keep the car from sliding just that much to the right to put it off the track. The move was too optimistic, and the behaviour after that immature.
It was a team call. Lewis needed a red flag.
I thought it was russels fault His risk to take
"All the time you have to leave a the space!"
No he wasn't!! George's overconfidence and LUST to join Mercedes made him go the extreme just to try and impress Toto!! He clearly had enough space but his lack of experience and skill at that speed made him swerve to the right, he miscalculated track limit and he lost control hitting Bottas. That was an extremely dangerous move and he should receive a penalty and be banned for atleast 2 months
I think the slow motion hides Bottas snapping the wheel towards Russell. He technically left the cars width but adjusting the line right as Russell is trying to get on his line to pass is going to cause an issue in almost any conditions. I think as far as penalties it's a racing incident, barely, but Bottas is far from faultless here.
Is the fact that Bottas front wheel crossed the white line significant, as that should be 50% of the tracks width?
Very good concept I like it!  maybe a suggestion, I found you are still a little condescending to your friend here (and I understand given your experience) But the point of this video is to discuss equally for us to make up our mind, not for us to watch you teach him stuff. Nothing bad with teaching, it just seems this series aims to do something else. Cheers !
It’s obvious to me .... Russell is 100% at fault, for all these negative reasons: 1) wet track 2) Bottas has the line and is in front 3) Bottas go slightly right to prepare for the next left hander 4) DRS just became available 5) The fan is asking “do you take it right up to the limit?”.  The limit is the limit until it isn’t 6) Russell is behind, and his responsibility to pass safely
I think that from Russell's pov, Bottas's trajectory seemed like it was going to cut him off, so he took "avoiding" action at well over 300 kmh, so when Bottas did eventually move to the left, Russell had already reacted to what he though Bottas's trajectory would be. Additionally, looking at this in such slow motion and saying "oh bottas did leave him just enough space" isn't entirely sufficient (although technically true) as this was all happening in real time, so he didn't really have the reaction time to move when bottas eventually moved. This being said, Russell could have backed out if he thought he was going to get cut off, so it is just a racing incident to me.
That was a risky overtake. The driver ahead (Bottas) was just defending his position and Russel took the decision to put his car outside of the track. I think it was Russel's fault and he should have slowed down and tried another opportunity to overtake.
Bottas drives for merc toto wolf owns a 3rd of the team Toto wolf manages Russel Wolf expects Russel not to try pass the merc I'd call this a conflict of interests Russel had chance to get points bottas should not be so far back. Russel made the move which caused the accident no doubt But bottas did make a move to leave little room on a good day so should except that his part contributed to the crash
Russell was at fault 100%
According to me 60-70% bottas fault let me explain - How on earth should a driver from another team NOT race a competitor? especially when his team has No points in this season(& previous seasons too) & Russell would have kept that 9th position as overtaking is anyways difficult. "If you don't go for the gap then you are not a racer." so whatever Russell did was 100% correct. Also you can clearly see bottas moving to right in Russell's onboard & as Russell said moving a millimeter at 330kph is not a JOKE ESPECIALLY IN WET.   9:12 actually it does matter to Russell as he would love to give Williams more points as they won't be in that position for most of the races. & coming to toto being twat about this to Russell is just laughable. Bottas 1st of all shouldn't have been in that place.
Russel's front wheel was alongside Bottas' rear wheel when Bottas moved slightly to the outside. It is said that Russel should judge whether he should go for it or not. But what could he do? He couldn't change his line anymore, the only thing he could do is to lift off,and you can't force someone to lift off, even if it's legal according to the rules. In this case you also have to take into account the fact, that whether is it safe anymore, or not.
Botas wobble to the right to scare russell to make the pass, russell let go of the throttle make him spun out.
Russell’s fault and his reaction was embarrassing to be honest. Rather than checking if the other driver who was still in the car, probably winded, he’s having a go when it was him that crashed into Bottas
Bottas still on the dry road.
Bottas remains on the dry line , Russell into the wet and eeks out a little to far right hits the grass and it's over. Race control calls it a race incident. Mercedes had a bad day overall. Bad decision by Russell to take out his future employer car . Russell should have waited for another opportunity.
We all know Russell almost overtook a Mercedes in a williams
If you use the white line as the "line in the sand" so to speak, Bottas crosses the white line which squeezes Russell out. Bottas moved too far over.
All Georges fault IMO. Unless Bottas clearly opened his steering compared to previous laps, I just don't see how Bottas did anything wrong. George can go for that gap, but if he drops it on a wet track trying then it's on him IMO. Otherwise we are saying that Bottas had to account for supplying George with a nice piece of dry track to overtake him - absurd.
Thank you for this discussion!  I'm new to following F1 but my gut is telling me that Russell created all the risk with that move.   What if Bottas had stayed along the left edge? Russel may have moved over into the wet to pass, hydroplane, and lost control.
This is yet another example of Bottas belatedly being aggressive at inappropriate moments. For ages he sat behind the racing point, not even trying an aggressive overtake (like we saw Lewis' pull off later in the race) then when it is clear that he is going to be overtaken (by the person set to take his race seat no less) he is far too aggresive, forcing Russel off the road. At that point there was no need to either leave only a cars width or to drift across a foot mid-apex, as can be seen from Raikonen's onboard. I used to be a fan of Bottas but since he decided to become Bottas the aggressive twat I am not a fan. Clearly the no more mister nice guy approach has not helped his performance either so he should go back to being the average driver everyone likes rather than the average driver with an attitude problem who people dislike.
russell’s fault clearly
You can see on Kimi's onboard that he was taking the same line as botas (wich is the racing line) so I don't think botas made a move, he just followed the racing line For me it's a 100% russell fault
What did Bottas do wrong?
Bottas left Russell room, Russell chose to try to overtake on the wet part of the track while on slicks. Racing incident , in my opinion mostly Russell 's fault.   His conduct after the crash was very unsportsmanlike, at least wait until the man is out of his cockpit before you slap his helmet.
Hard to swallow pill for you Brits that the Englishmen was at fault. Man up guys.
And u just see the ice man zoom past
You gotta like both perspective. Im not really great at all at driving (racing in games) but I know the principe of not giving more then you should or thats like saying go ahead pass me. On the other hand when i watch a race and I see incidents like that I think wow maybe he could of just let im pass or why did you attempt that move. In the end its a race and they are all trying to win or at least get the best possible possitions. You dont win races not taking risks anyways
I don't get it, why the debate? Russell lost control.
I think bottas was trying to be cautious following drier racing line.
Seems more like a racing incident 🤷‍♂️just unfortunate circumstances
Russell's fault. the kid is overrated.
As a non-racing driver I will say your non-racing driver is non-correct.  Bottas' line didn't change "suddenly" and any squeeze was actually over before and Bottas was veering left again even before Russell binned it. Yes, Russell got spooked, over-corrected as a result and very possibly shouldn't have been on that piece of the track in the first place.
Completely Russell’s fault. The jink that put Russell off? Not Bottas fault Russell got spooked, and not Bottas fault that Russell lost it in the wet.
Superb analysis and fair discussion. If this wasn't Russell... And was Grosjean... There'd not even be a discussion or 60:40 apportioning of blame.  The overtaking driver decided to weigh up the risks and chose wrongly. Bottas left more than enough space and was fair in his driving action
We wanna see Bottas' onboard
I think Bottas defended like it was dry. It might be ok rulewise but it put Russell in an impossible situation. Bottas clearly has his tyres a tad on the wet, which is proof that he wasnt taking the regular racing line.   So I blame Bottas too, even though its such a small thing, and I dont think it deserves a penalty. But it sure is a sign he is feeling the pressure.  If I was merc, I would put Russell in Bottas car right away. Bottas can cost them the constructors. He clearly isnt up there any more.  Love the content! 👍
The FIA basically confirmed Bottas did nothing wrong and Russell just lost it. Pretty pathetic of him trying to blame it on Bottas.
No he wasn't, but he should be dropped by Mercedes.
Your missing the point boys ..the key frame shows Bottas moving across the white line ...that jink to squeeze Russell is the reckless move that provokes Russell and is not giving him a car's width
Not sure who this guy is but he’s only suggesting that Bottas surrender the only dry line on the track simply because someone else has DRS and is approaching.   No.
People seem to forget a detail : Russel wants Bottas' seat . This was his chance to prove Mercedes he's the best choice for them. That's why I think he over reacted after the crash. But the guy can still improve, something I think Bottas can't do...
Why was bottas even in a position where a Williams is overtaking him? Doesn't deserve to be in that seat
I have to congratulate on being very civilised in your discussion - you don't interrupt each other, see each other's points of view and not just yelling at each other. Good job and an interesting video to watch! (not many people can discuss different opinions in such a good manner)
Racing incident.
Lando Norris did the same thing to Lewis twice by driving in the centre of the track no one said anything about him being wrong... I don't think Bottas did anything wrong
The Bottas race was destroyed.   Then the crash happened.
I think that Bottas didn’t recognise how quickly Russell was gaining on him, and I think that Russell was unsure if Bottas had seen him. The small move to the right that Bottas did made Russell believe that Bottas was about to take the normal racing line into T2. Russell, naturally wanting to avoid any contact with a Mercedes, immediately jinked right to avoid a collision which ironically caused the collision. I think that the stewards were correct in putting this down to a racing incident.
As you mentioned, both cars were on slicks. Bottas was maintaining a line on the dry asphalt readying himself for the next turn. Russell was coming up from behind and attacking for the pass. If you look closely, Bottas stays within the dry area of the asphalt just as Russel attempts the pass and yes, there is plenty of room to pass but unfortunately, Russel went too far off of the road making contact with the wet grass. If you listen closely, you can hear the RPM's on Russel's car a split second before he turns himself into Bottas. Who's fault is it? Neither driver. It was just racing.
When I saw the incident i thought that it  was Russell fault. But in this video was showing that Botta  had a greater angle than it was  necessary in order to protect his position.  Check the line on the road on the two camera frames (before and after the smoke come out from the right tyre of Russell).
Do you have a podcast?
It was a Schumacher type move lol
Why doesn't nobody look at Russells steering wheel. He didn't do anything aggressive etc. it looks like just he went off road  on his own
My three points  1. Bottas moved over more than he needed to, the final slide shows him well over the white line, I really do think the chat about the 2022 seat came into it and he may not have moved over as much for another driver. Bottas simply should not have been in a position on track to get overtaken by Russel in a Williams or to be almost lapped by Hamilton the lap before.  2. Plenty of other cars overtook/were overtaken there without a crash, Hamilton on a few cars for example. Even if Bottas did move over too much, it still looks like Russel overacted slightly 3. Why oh why did Hamilton not cover off Verstappen at the start, perhaps he couldn't see him but if he had, the race could have been very different!
Russell is 90% at fault. Valtteri squeezed him a bit, but it was well within the rules and he isn't required to make it easy.  George decided to push the issue in a difficult position and he lost control because he was on the wet part of the track.  Not Valtteri's fault George made a poor decision.
I just find it unfair for George that he's being told he should look at the big picture and race differently and safer given its Bottas, yet people haven't said that about Bottas not driving safer given its George
Interesting video 👍 Yeah I would go along with Scott as well. Even in the dry that is a massively difficult move to make and it doesn't always come off because you find yourself braking into the corner on a curve at extremely high speed. Thus it is very likely that the overtaking driver will get some sort of oversteer and at the same time have to rely on the the guy next to him to yield or it will not come off right or end in an accident. Russell thought that Bottas acted that way because it was him but alternatively the same reasoning could be legitimately applied in reverse as well.
IMO it was Bottas. I edited a video and put it on Instagram/Twitter/Reddit comparing Bottas/Russel to Lando/Hamilton. The track was, indeed, dry when the Lando/Hamilton overtake happened, but you can see exactly the facts that Russel was way closer to Bottas all the time, and was already commited to the manouver. Also, because of the left leaning "straight", the fact that Bottas threw the car right over the pit exit line is borderline dirty, considering both were at +300km/h. Lando gives just enough space to Hamilton, but he never crosses the white line, and even more he does not cross it when Bottas did, in that specific track point.
driver don't think of getting the car at the end
Russell's fault. Case closed.
I saw the onboard on F1TV for Bottas and after that I do think he's not that innocent. Yes, Russell did lose control of the car because he was with his right tyres on the wet stuff (probably parts of grass given that sudden loss of traction). However, in the F1TV onboard camera, you can clearly see Bottas is going right all the time. He crosses the white line in the middle of the track. He's going straight, but that's a corner, so he ends up cutting Russell off. I think it's also on the F1 youtube channel now, but if you follow the white line in the ground, you can clearly see Bottas crosses it. The onboard footage is from the left part of his (Bottas) front wing and you can clearly see that obviously the right part of his car has crossed that white line. And in an instant right before the crash you can see Bottas does go a little further right than he had to (he has a lot of space to his left after he passes the curve/kink in that part of the track). Also, why is no one pointing out that he's the more experienced driver in that duel? That being the case, maybe he should've forseen an overtake coming for a while and respected Russell a bit more.
This is a great new part of your channel 😊 One suggestion from someone watching on a phone, when you are discussing a video clip, please put it full screen - when it's down in the corner it's really difficult to see what you are talking about
The ones is ALWAYS upon the overtaking driver. . .
I guess bottas deserved for squeezing russel and the loss of williams is far greater than mercedes It could be quite a motivation for George and would have got the mercedes seat the next year it was on purpose from valteri bottas to close that opportunity for that young guy that to from the man who himself qualified 8 and didn't gain even a position.
No, but Russel was.
I think a large majority of people watching, regardless of racing experience, agree it was Russell's fault
No way! Bottas didn’t cross any rules, he left enough space and Russel  just did mistake
Bottas was at fault.
Bottas isnt at fault, but if he would have let Russel more space I think it would have not ended like this.
Always look forward to your analysis.. Very spot on.
It's tricky, I don't think Bottas was at fault with the nature of his defence but I do think he was defending a dead mans position and in hindsight probably should have just let Russel go by with minimal resistance to avoid getting wrapped up in Russel's mistake. You're entitled and expected to make being overtaken as difficult as possible within the rules but given the conditions it probably isn't wise to spook someone on one of the fastest sections of a very greasy track. On a personal level I think they should probably both just apologise to each other and chalk it up as a learning experience that they were lucky to walk away from.
George will not have enough power or speed to overtake Valtteri. That's a given. It's human instinct to defend. Doesn't mean George had a sterling drive at Bahrain last year him the right to disrespect Valtteri. And to top it off, maybe there should be a rule to ask driver pay for some of the damage costs, that will stop these idiots from trying too hard. 😎
Russell starts to wheelspin half-way alongside Bottas...
2:01 you can clearly see and think that Bottas didn't think Russel would be a madman and send it on the wet patch right there, as you see Bottas is just following the dry-line as a point of reference.
Russell's fault risking it on the wet like that. It only matters because he collected bottas. They are both racing drivers what people expect? To bottas give the dry lane to another driver? For Russell to not try to pass a slow Mercedes? Of course they did everything they did. That's the beauty of racing. Giving everything all the time no matter the conditions, the cost. They are safer in these cars than the drivers in the 80's. If those legends drove to their death sometimes, they have no excuse to drive in fear.
Now I can finally get some sleep. Was waiting on a breakdown from y’all 😅 simply the best !
Great video thanks for that analysis
F1 official and palmer should invite you to breakdown any accident..
Let's not forget where they crashed is the Tamburello, is changed by the years, for make it less dangerous, but still a really fast corner where even best drivers make mistakes.
Driver 61 please discuss the imola grand prix mate thanks
If u look at Bottas’ front tire he goes over the white line which forced Russell to the right as well.  It’s obvious on the video. Bottas should have stayed in his lane cuz the pass was going to happen whether he liked it or not.  Totally not Russell’s fault .
Agreed - Bottas was not at fault - Russell had to make it stick. He didn’t. End of argument
At about 5:05 you can see Botas veer hard left back into the line. This was an intentional and failed muscle maneuver.
I love the series already! keep it up. Great learning content from you everytime. 2021 we all want to blame someone for a fault. its everywhere. at work, in sports, someone has to blame for the fault that happen. 1 no one will take responsibility. 2 some things happen like you said. every little part comes together. there is a word for it... some accidents happen because a list of things that are different from "normal". in my opinion its a racing incedent. different things togehter made it hard for everyone at that moment and point. some racing incedents are hard, some are soft and funny, its still an incedent. But like i say earlier, we want to blame someone....
Bottas took the dry line, Russel hung it around the outside in the wet, on slicks, and kept his DRS open, in a Williams. Not super surprised he lost the back end.
Saying that it was Bottas's fault is like saying that the 2012 crash at Spa-Francorchamps was caused by Lewis Hamilton. There were never any doubt that it was Romain, and Lewis was just a victim. Same case here, it was 100% Russell's fault and Bottas was just a victim.
I really like Russell it was a very risky move because it was a move onto the wet. Less down force because of the DRS. did not pay off!
Watch Russell's onboard at 25% playback. Throughout the entire pass, he's still turning left, since he's passing on a "corner". Bottas not only leaves Russell a car width and some, he even strays off the dry racing line and moves left, onto the wet as Russell passes. Russell misjudges the corner (he's passing on a curve while over 300kph after all), not once reacting to the right to avoid Bottas supposed small movement towards him, as he claims, and touches the grass. I can't see how this is Bottas fault at all. And I would dearly like to see George succeed.
Just go gather all other overtakes, or attempt to overtake at this section,  compare to others driver movement to determine
I agree with Mansell, that Bottas did nothing wrong on the move...  What Bottas did wrong is his whole race, because why is a Merc fighting a Williams in the first place? Have you seen Ham getting into trouble "defending and squeezing" Latifi?
There was only one driver that lost control and crashed into the other.
To me, it's not the space given on the side, it was the angle. Bottas appeared to a very quickly moving Russel that he was going to push him off track. He only turned back at the last second when Russel was already too far over and in my eyes I see why Russel did what he did.
Thanks for this. Thanks for this channel, this is simply wonderful haha. I was looking for a video EXACTLY like this. Quality content, keep it up!
Racing incident, its no ones fault
8:10 i had Bottas in car camera on my laptop screen at the time of the accident, and to me it looked like he just went along the dry racing line. and to me that sounds total opposite to what i would call "aggressive defending" what should Bottas have to do? turn more to left and put himself in the wet, so Russell could have overtaken him without any issues. yes it might have been ok in terms, that both drivers would have finished the race. but then we would have been here asking why Bottas let Russell pass so easily.
@Driver61 its fine to defend Bottas. But its not fine when you pause the video @2:50 to explain on why it wasnt Bottas fault but totally oversees the still image @2:10 which is the sole reason why Russell was pissed at Bottas. Its all fun and games till Bottas is unknowningly pushing Russell off the track and ignore like its nothing.  Expected a more reasonable approach from you.  Edit: After watching the entire video. Oh i see so you are fine pushing the other driver off the track @9:58. No wonder you are on Bottas side.
I thought at first Bottas could have left a bit more space, but with every slowdown review I am now convinced, that Russel completely misjudged the lower grip while going to the wet side with DRS still open. So 99 % Russell's fault, as Bottas simply kept the dry racing line. What I can't understand is why such an incredible dangerous racing incident leads to no penalty points for Russel, but Vettel got 2 penalty points for a similar dumb but far more harmless incident with Ocon in Bahrain. Either Russel should get 2 or 3 penalty points as well, or Vettel shouldn't have gotten his, but like it's now, the Stewards really seem to give penalty points on personal (dis-)liking, and not as a tool to discourage reckless dangerous maneuvers. That's bad considering fairness and completely fails the safety aspect.
It’s russels fault. Russell was in a bad spot to let Hamilton through, then Russell got scared of nothing out of the ordinary and car goes onto the grass and then is an asshole to bottas. He thinks he deserves the Mercedes seat and just wanted to just try and make valterri look bad cuz he wants his seat but in reality he looked like a child complaining and being an Ashoka to a guy that just wreck at 187 mph into a wall.
Well u summed it up perfectly Scott, "it's a racing incident and blame can be assigned based on POV".   Sometimes ya bring home the checkered flag, sometimes ya bring home the steering wheel.  Overall a tremendous weekend of racing with Indycar, Nascar, F1, and the 4 hours of Barcelona all happening.
Another tough break for the young russels. Bottas was racing as was russels, but I wouldn’t give up my dry line for him. Let him run into you.
200mph in the wet outside, on slicks. Sounds like plan...
George is at fault.
For me it was a racing accident. Both drivers could had made different decisions, been less agressive, but that's racing, and that it is what we, as fans, want to see. A more mature driver would waited another lap to make the move. Bottas squezed Russel, but that's it's what a driver should do, and taking the implications from been overtaken by Russel can have in next year seat at Mercedez, he would never let him pass that easily.
Look at all the other overtakes at that point, every other driver gives more space, Bottas knew what he was doing. I agree that it's a racing incident but I'm going 60/40 against Bottas
People saying it was immature to yell at bottas need to take into context that Russell just had a 200mph crash. I locked up my tires last week I. The rain and the person behind me got rear ended at like 40 kph. I didn’t even get touched but my hands were shaking. It’s unfair to blame the man for having an emotional moment
Be good to hear what Kimi thought about it
Your thoughts on the rookies keep on spinning?
What’s more concerning is how Russell reacted to the incident. Should’ve handled the situation differently
Actually, it looks like tha white line spun Russell out. Wet paint is super slippery
russels fault,bottas to blame.
This was all on Russell man. Botta's 'move' over was so miniscule. Russell overreacted on inexperience and put it in the grass.  Him leaving his car to blame and harass Bottas was contemptible.
Short answer: no
Bottas clearly gave it the slightest of squeezes, and Russell panicked and overreacted. Both to blame, but I feel like Bottas a bit more as he instigated the contact with his defense. That said, this is racing, and in a very fast section. Unfortunate to be sure, but not much to get shocked at IMO.
To me this is easily Russell’s fault “gettin spooked” is not something a world class driver does... this shows a lack of experience overtaking at high speeds from Russell this is the first year he gets to do that it it just shows inexperience... many of the other drivers in this grid would’ve been fine with the space left there and even completed the move without any drama... or just backed off if they notice the lack of grip they’ll encounter on a wet line .. he isn’t even fighting for first to get impatient for an overtake
If you look at the replay, regardless of whether or not Bottas pushed, there was always more than a car width's space; it wasn't at the limit, there was more than a car width's space... Bottas literally shifts the line by no more than 1.5 tire widths. Further, Russel probably started losing it when crossing the first white line which would've been very slippery, causing him to open up more in order to keep the car flat; he couldn't get enough bite before hitting the white lines at the edge of the track, making him become a passenger in the car
Bottas defended his position, but gave russel room. Of course he didn't give him room in the dry part of the track, maybe russel THOUGHT he was being forced out of the track, but he wasn't, he had plenty of space. IF anyone is to blame, IMO, it's Russel, but "No Further Action" is fine
in my opinion the crash was pure racing incident and maybe bit more at Russells fault for going in the wet with slicks. but what makes me steam is the way Russel went on about the whole incident. not just about the slap on Bottas helmet (before he even knew if Bottas was ok), because let's be rear here those points would have been important for Williams.  and after crash like that, who would think that clear especially when you were as young as Russel is.  BUT! what makes me steam is his whining on media how "Valtteri tried to kill me!!!11!" even after he had time to cool down and look the onboards few times over. i think that he has had that yellow liquid gone up to his head, after he was playing Hamilton for one race. if i was Toto. i would stir up his head a bit, by giving the next few photograph days and pirelli tyre testing opportunities to Latifi or some other promising talent. just so Russel would see that he is not irreplaceable part of Mercedes future, no matter how great driver talent he is.  no matter what Toto does, he needs to make it clear to Russell that his future can still go towards that "Renault cup" like Toto already said on interviews.
I think it was sliiightly more Russell’s fault, it reminds me of gasly and perez at spa last year - perez was squeezing gasly into a wall, leaving him just enough room, and gasly kept his confidence, kept his line, and kept his foot down. If gasly had been spooked in the same way Russell was it would’ve been a horrific crash.
Bottas is in the clear your mate is making no sense
Bottas baited him into the curve and slammed the door shut when Russell got to the outside. all Bottas on that one.
If you clearly watch Raikkonen's onboard.He was also following the line Bottas was using and you can't say Kimi was also on a wrong line as he is the most experienced F1 driver and we also can't say that Kimi followed the line to prevent debris because he was already on it (6:29) even before the accident occurred.  We can also confirm it if we use an ariel picture that shows the dry line with comparison to Bottas's line.
Bottas squeezed Russel. He left enough space for Russel but spooked Him non the less. With a speed differance they had Russel was already commited to the overtake. Who was at a fault? Who cares.
Russel unfortunately is 100% at fault, there was not a clear path through, he caused Bottas to end his race and needs to lose points for his glaring error.
Bottas did squeeze Russell. Look his wheel cross the the pit lane line.
Russel 70 - 30
I think the stewards called this one correctly, and leave it at that.
I Think it's very simple just look at kimis line it's the same as bottas and even wider so bottas did consider leaving space to Russel else he would of go as wide as everyone else on that part of the track.
Why haven’t we seen bottas’ on board yet?
Russell was at fault, no question about it. Toto Wolff said the same too
I think the cause of the crash was desperation from both sides. Bottas was throughout the race not even competing for top 5. That made him drive much more aggressively to keep his position (Also let's not forget that Bottas was struggling to overtake Stroll in the Aston Martin). Russell was desperate to score points, so he was willing to take a tad more risks in his overtaking move and made a mistake in judgement. I do agree it's 60/40 on Russell. I do wonder or drivers like Hamilton or Max would have made the same error. Considering this overtake move would forced you on the piece of track that is wet and thus less grip.
I think it was mainly a racing incident. It was indeed a difficult situation, high speeds, small margins.   I do not think Bottas was at fault at all. It seems to me Russel stayed in the slipstream at the inside a fraction too long. If he would have moved to the outside a little bit earlier he could have taken a wider line around Bottas and perhaps he wouldn't have run out of road and grip. But maybe he would have lost grip somewhere anyway.  Cannot blame Russel too much though, shit happens. He was also a bit unlucky he had to pass Bottas exactly in the kink.
I don’t think anyone is at fault. Bottas did what he must, maybe he didn’t realise the other driver was coming onto him much faster then he thought, which would explain his slight move, to the right, and then suddenly realises he didn’t have the speed to defend successfully, so didn’t defend all out. Russell knew he had the speed to overtake, and he’s already committed to overtake, so gambles and takes the grass. The Mercedes team principal is obviously upset, because he has a wider perspective, and a sense of responsibility to all concerned; if he weren’t upset about the entire episode, then, one may conclude that he doesn’t take his job seriously. Its a highstakes sport, and everyone played their part and did their best, so kudos to everyone for trying.  And btw, get rid of the grass next to the tracks, it doesn’t belong. Thats what’s at fault. 😁
I just don't see how this could possibly be Bottas fault. He's under no obligation to let Russell through, he continues across along the racing line in a smooth manner leaving enough space. Russell went for an ambitious move in questionable conditions, he couldn't make it work and crashed.  No problem at all with drivers going for risky moves, it's not always going to work out and that's okay. But Bottas left enough room, Russell went too wide and crashed.
I don't think it's 50-50 or 40-60, I think it's 100% Russells fault.
I'd say it was a judgement issue on Russell's part, he doesn't quite have the experience when to try and take Bottas - and sadly Imola is too narrow, especially in the wet, to attempt that in a modern car 😢
How come the guest can say it's Bottas fault?? Should Bottas bow and just let Russel go? Russel was given space and bogged it... The spooking theory is funny thou. Maybe a F1 driver that gets spooked just like that, maybe should consider billiards =D for me the Bottas move, is normal on a drying track. They are passing tha kink at 300ks plus. It's normal that the car slides a bit
Bottas doesn't give a shit if Russell had spun and crashed by his lonesome! But what Bottas does mind is if Russell also takes him out during said spin. Russell should announce in every inteview he will do this pass again if given the chance every time. Then maybe Bottas thinks twice and doesn't squeeze him so hard. Nothing wrong if the field thinks Russell is a madstormer lol (worked for Earnhardt)
1) Bottas moved over on Russell. This is indisputably viewable on the footage. 2) Bottas ended his OWN race with his choices, which by definition makes it 'his fault' (if Machiavelli wrote a driver's handbook, he would say to 'stuff another driver into the wall every time, UNLESS it will lead to your demise as well - Bottas' move fails this litmus test).
Clearly GR messed up here, it's not Bottas's fault if Russell cannot judge how to drive on wet, Russell just have too big of ego to accept the reality.
You haven't factored in the CHANGE of line by BOT sufficiently. Seeing his steering is critical. Leaving enough space is only one of the pertinent factors. Changing line whilst being overtaken is just as crucial and is potentially even more significant in a high speed incident.
It seems to m that Russell has been really feeling the Mercedes and Williams point scoring pressure since he started in 2019 and keeps making Rookie mistakes in rash judgement. The one chance he had to score points in 2019 Hockenheim he dropped it in the wet letting Kubica take the points. In Imola 2020 he was in a great position for a points finish but dropped it on his own behind the safety car. Now this year in Imola he's in a great position to pick up a point and he gets too spooked by a slight move Bottas is entitled to make as he's defending and turns too hard in wet conditions rather than believing an experienced driver like Bottas would always leave a car's width but not make it easy. It's a mistake that someone would make from a lack of experience but he's in his 3rd season at the same team. It's a concerning thing for Mercedes that he keeps making these mistakes trying too hard to prove something.
If the track had of been that wet all the way across there's no way Russel would of tried to go around that kink so fast, he misjudged how wet it would be off line, the same way Lewis misjudged how wet it was off line when he tried lapping Russell. The difference was the speed of the section of track this happened on was much higher. There's a very fine line between looking like a genius with a stunning pass and looking stupid. He had a go and it didn't come off.  To go round the outside you have to go faster than the car on the inside right because you have further to travel. Bottas was going as fast as the conditions allowed on the dry part, around the outside on slicks on a wet track? It's a bit like Vettel and Button at Spa in 2010, overspeed around the outside on the wet line  just sometimes doesn't stick. I'm glad George had a go, and it's easy to be smart afterwards sitting at home, but the move just didn't work, regardless of the tiny move Bottas made. I'm a George fan but in my opinion it's 70/30 his fault but I have to admit I was backing him and excited to see him with drs and closing up on Bottas so I was excited to see him try that move.
I don't have an opinion on who's fault it is. If I had to decide I would say Ericson.
This was a learming moment fpr both drivers as well as the whole field.  Whe George in a slower car is making a pass respect it.  Bottas figured his Merc had the spot but failed to understand he was way off his game that day.
Callum is an arm chair race car driver - your opinion is like a jink and it puts me off, lol. Its like the "is the dress black & blue or gold and white"
I'm new to F1, but even considering this crash to be Bottas's fault seems crazy. It looks like a mis calculation on Russell's side.
Bottas
GR no doubt. His head was on dry mode while track is still wet.
Bottas pushed russell off onto grass. For explanationfor my reasons see Senna’s comment of going for a gap and bring a racing driver.
I think that Russells car extreme bottom out just before he lost traction, combined with a wet line and a open wing were the deadly combination
Russell approached the overtake foolishly.  He should just have feigned the move to the outside to force Bottas to cover, then gone inside (Bottas is permitted ONLY one defensive move).  Russell gave himself no outs.
It was all a plot to save Hamilton from his doodoo.
I think it's slightly more Bottas fault, pushing a driver onto the white line in a high speed corner in damp conditions on slick tyres is just asking for a crash to happen. You can clearly see that Bottas opened up his steering taking a slightly wider line trying to squeeze Russel, he could've given more room if he wanted. What Bottas did is technically within the rules though... so it's a hard call.
Why hasn't Mercedes released Bottas's on board camera then ? what are they trying to hide ?
Russell took a change, respect. Outcome was not wanted, but nothing horrible happened.. Krhmm IMOLA. Everything Russell said and did after he went for cap and screwed up, was not respectfull. I am biased for Bottas, but even I would say Racing incident and maybe 2 points for Causing the crash. That is why we have penalty points. One mistake won't matter in. Repeating will.
There were lots of passes made in that same spot all day and NOBODY squeezed anybody to the grass. Bottas starts all the way on the left and made his move AFTER Russell pulled out.
In one still Bottas's front right is not over the white pitline straight. In the next still hes a tyre over, leaving now no room for Russell to go through. It's Bottas' fault. Everyone's defending him coz hes one of the main drivers. How the hell does a Williams overtake a Merc?! Bottas had a right to move/defend but Williams/Russell had much more pace and should have let the car overtake
This video really shows that pro racing drivers have quite a different mindset to non-racers.  It explains why I'm so baffled by both their actions and stewarding decisions every race.
He did move look at the white line
George Russel - WTF.
Bottas isn’t over the line forst shot is on the second so is definitely moving across the track!,,
It was Bottas's fault as best car on a grid should never be threaten by second worst one. He shouldn't have been in situation like that in the first place. On top that, Russel is challenging second merc seat and allways was going to go out his way to proof he is better driver. And he is faster.
The “F1enthusiast” begins, reiterating what was happening and the circumstances leading to the crash - Bottas giving room, narrowing that room in preparation for the up coming corner with Russell passing on the wet portion of the track “on slicks” which only act to prove the “Driver 61” point for him, rather than act as a rebuttal.
https://gyazo.com/65283406249db6e77e4bbd2cb34b0f2c Id say Racing incident with Bottas a bit to blame. Watching from Kimi's pov you can clearly see that Bottas has swung over to the right of the track as they round T1 as there is almost 2 car lengths between him and left edge of the track, now with that said there was still a car length on the outside of Bottas (a very small and dangerous one), I believe he is well within the rules to do so, but as said by Russel, its kinda a dick move in terms of racing. Now looking at previous and future passes at this location throughout the race, showed drivers either defending to the inside or just letting them pass on the outside and giving them the breaking line into T2. Looking at this from an unbiased standpoint I'd have to say its just a racing incident but definitely influenced by the almost reckless driving from Bottas. Now what I mean by this is, looking at kimi's pov and onboards, it looks as though Bottas clearly sees GR, knows he's closing with slipstream, momentum and drs for an easy pass. In my mind from racing, its a given GR is going to pass, all Bottas should do is defend the inside or try what Norris done to Lewis and park in the middle then slow apex, but my issue with Bottas is the selfish move to squeeze GR in an already tight track, onto a wet line, around the outside of 200mph turn into a breaking zone, which in result scared GR while doing crazy speeds leaving him a one second judgement to try and continue round the outside, which he does, and no-one can blame him, this is the most competitive level of motorsport there is. All in all Bottas moved more right than needed, could have and should have stayed more left of the track as GR had already committed to the move. By giving GR the squeze he has ultimately left nowhere to go, yes a car length but when you take into consideration the speed and angle of they both round T1, you can clearly tell by the angle of both cars that there is not enough room for GR to race, shown by Bottas' sudden move to the left just before impact. This clearly shows his intention to squeeze (which is good racing but over squeezed and moved too far right), then noticing GR still committing (which he has all right to do), then he tries to readjust knowing there isn't enough room to operate the car in. I just think it was naive of Bottas to even think GR had enough room to pass, personally I think this is shown by the last move to the left before impact and therefor I would say Bottas was just being reckless and selfish but wouldn't penalise as it was all within the rules. Doesnt void it being a dick move by Bottas though and imo GR had all right to be angry. Just seems a bit sus Bottas fighting so hard to keep position, maybe something to do with the fact he was getting out drove by a P20 car in a P1 car, by the guy gunning for his seat? Just some food for thought. No flame to Bottas he is a remarkable driver but definitely not deserving of a Merc seat IMO.  Lets keep it civil lads.
Let's be honest here, if that was Hamilton in the same position as Bottas no question about it Hamilton would be defended to the death, Russell should have waited, his inexperience showed against the Master blah blah blah! No one would be attributing blame to Hamilton at all. Russell's fault completely it's a high speed corner where it was a ballsy move that went wrong and cost them both a race finish, simple as that!
Come on, Russell is not a champion. If He was as cold as a champion is he would evaluate  the situation upfront and he would know that he cannot go there. This guy has a very heavy foot but little brain
I love Russell and can't wait to see him in a Merc and I think Bottas doesn't deserve the seat. Even if he was a match for the likes of Lewis and Max as a driver, he can't handle the pressure psychologically and that is so obvious when you see him just walking and talking. With that said, this was Russell's fault in my opinion and it cannot be pinned on Bottas. Russell in desperation to get past rolled the dice and risked the wet line at 200mph. How can that be Bottas' fault? I don't see any evidence that Bottas turned right or did anything unusual either, in fact you do see him jink to the left when he realises what Russell has done. Also it looks to me like Russells back axle lit up before he touched the grass or white line which is interesting but that might be that the footage and audio that I saw weren't synced perfectly. Another amazing race though. Loved Max's confidence in the first few corners. Proper big balls stuff from he and Lewis.
You can see how much Bottas squeezes as he crosses the pit exit line. Bottas has almost his whole front wheel over the pit line so there wasn't much room left.
RUS' fault for me as the pass was never going to come off on the damp bit of that stretch of road. BOT was fully occupying the racing line and RUS knew there just wasn't space with the track essentially collapsed to that dried out racing line. Patience would have paid. BOT's only fault was qualifying so poorly that he found himself that low in the running order.
Perfect statement: a lack of judgement of Russell! Bottas did nothing wrong.
Russell needs another couple of years in the Williams to learn how to drive an F1 car safely.
George Russell is a little irresponsible in this situation simply because he knows that side of the track is wet and compromised and he should've exhibited a little more common sense in his ambition to get ahead of Bottas.....
What ?  I raced Motorcycles for 12 years. I have spent my life on Racetracks and I can't believe this is a conversation. There is enough room for Russell to drive a Jumbo Jet by Bottas.   Russell is simply not accurate enough or smart enough to realize it's wet as HELL out there.   Also, it is not Bottas job to let Russell by. Hamilton would have done that exact thing to Russell.
Bottas was still moving over the white line and saw how fast Russell was coming,Russell could not brake at that time .He should have moved over earlier.
Russel's fault if I had to choose but really it's just a racing incident. Bottas did nothing wrong. Russel took a chance that wasn't stupid. It didn't work out.
In my opinion it was Russel's fault. Bottas was keeping the car on the dry part of the track, hence doing the "corner" in the middle of the straight on the left side and then opening up to go to the right side. Am I the one who thinks it was kinda obvious? Russel should have predicted that. He didn't, then it's his responsibility to judge the part of the track where he intends to overtake. Also the sudden movement is irrelevant outside braking areas. Finally there was the extremely disgusting show of character by Russel when he's priority while the other driver was still inside the wrecked car was to show his anger and slap Bottas' helmet.
Bottas is very naughty! He did leave a car width space to Russel, but a space on the wet part! Very clever! He clearly knows the effect of driving at that speed on a wet track!
Bottas fault..
Russell was faster  Bottas should have given more room Two great racers
I thought it was Russells fault from the start. Couldn't say what percentage. My first crude reasoning was that if Senna was in this position he would've held he car on the road and invited Bottas to try drive into him and he wouldn't have. How can you go for such a ballsy difficult move and then complain because you flinched. That's what happened. He flinched. Imagine if drivers had to take into account how wet is the part of the track that he is giving to the other driver? Might as well drive hrs car for him too.
To much blabla
If the first corner incident where Max ran Lewis out of road and the incident where Valteri squeezed George as he was coming past were to have Jim Clark, or Graham Hill, or Dan Gurney, or Bruce McLaren behind the wheel we would have seen just as close racing but without the wheel banging that is now considered normal.  Senna and Schumacher created this environment and the FIA cultivated it by not policing bad behavior, unsafe behavior, on track.  Swapping paint and rubbing door handles is acceptable in tin tops but not in open wheel racing.  It says much about racing car safety that Valteri and George were able to walk away from such a high speed crash.  Such high levels of safety also breed a cavalier attitude about wheel banging.  I subscribe the safety aspect.  I do not subscribe to the discourteous driving it has encouraged.
I really respect Scott's view on the accident. But i think this only comes accross in the slow motion of this analysis. Then again, it is the job of a racing driver to judge these situations correctly... tricky one. I guess we need to see the input of Bottas to know more about it! All in all, i think this is a unlucky circumstance
60/40 Bottas. DRS and the "gentleman agreement " I guess.
In my opinion it was Bottas' fault. He did not leave enough space for Russell to correct his path without touching tyres or hitting the grass, that was wet. Bottas should've left a bit more space or not move so agressively
2:41 Bottas is over the line of the boxexit, so Russell is spocked. So Bottas fault
This is top quality content 👌
Aight I’m gon put my respectful opinion: it’s mostly if not entirely russel’s fault. Hear me out hear me out, I watched onboards like 10 times at 10% speed from both russel AND kimi, and it is simply not tru that there is any observed “jynx” or sudden change of direction, EVEN just a minor one, to the right from bottas. Bottas simply kept the same trajectory but it was the fact that the straight was not a straight so relatively speaking the track closes on the right which bottas has no concern about (and shouldn’t). If u look very closely from just this video u could c that russel didn’t start turning left until he’s touching the white line on the right and that’s when u lost control. He could’ve started to turn right well before that while he was on dryer part of the track and with less steering input because bottas left him well over a car’s width the ENTIRE time it’s russel the one who decided to turn last second. I’m neither a fan of russel of bottas but russel’s is excuse and behavior on track is not acceptable.
Look how the dry ribbon is going. When entering the left corner the dry surface is leaning more towards center of the track line and I think that is why Bottas moves from left edge, slightly to the center and it spooks Russell off. Honestly I am not bit fan of Bottas but for me he is trying to keep on to the racing lane. Russell took a shot and it was a bit too long, he did not expect to be forced as far to the right imho and when he caught the wet and grass it was over.
Russell is at fault. He went for a line that would only lead to a crash.  He was definately going, it's a shame he took Bottas along. I guess it's a honest mistake. But a mistake by Russel. There is nothing that Bottas could have done.
Your buddy's just stuck in the mindset of it being Bottas' fault.  "You've got to be really brave to push someone right to the limit of the track like that in the wet."   No man, Bottas was doing his thing, and rightfully so.  He's in front, on the dry line, and left Russell more than enough room.  The way of thinking SHOULD be "You've got to be really brave (or really stupid) to overtake on the outside in the wet at high speed like that".  You can't make a risky move and then get mad when that risk turns to crap.    Above and beyond that, Russell really handled that poorly, from the moment he got out of the car, right up until now.  He's a really good driver, but his real skill is deflecting the blame.
Crap
I dont think anyone is at fault, I think Russell was just racing and like senna said if you dont go for the open gap then are you really racing
If u see the dry from raikonen and u see him are way more to the right than what bottas is, i think russel just got scared on the wet
more G Russell fault, 60/40 id say.. but it gets tight and the cars are so wide on an old skool track. margin for error is small .but if you watch other overtakes their they stay alot tighter to the left hand side!...however he is following a dry line...  main thing is they are ok.. but when fighting i stick to a line.  limited squeezing but too much is a no no for me..  things do happen out of control in the blind spots .. but not intensional . just glad they are ok...
The only move I seen was badly timed move to the outside on slick tiers. 🙃
Big respect for him as a driver but clearly Russell's fault for me. He even made the point that it meant everything for Williams to fight for 9th and meant nothing for Bottas.
who chose to allow drs zone before the kink? maybe they should be bought in to this argument too? if you are staying to the racing line are you swerving if it veers off in a direction? racing incident for me.
If I'm not mistaken, you can see VB move left just as Russell was coming around. I agree, there was enough room and the changing surface makes it tricky. I think Russell is 100% at fault yet still a racing incident and I agree with the FIA.
How can you include clips from F1 without being copyright striked ?
If Russel is angry about being pushed to the wet line, why was he not wrong about giving Hamilton the wet line to overtake him? Unfortunately, Russel was to greedy for overtake Bottas at that moment.
10:40 that's precisely the reason I disagree with bottas' legal maneuver. Bottas is a seasoned driver seeing a rookie make a wild  attempt to pass "sticks his foot out" to trip him up. I personally would give a position before causing a wreck. I know it's assuming to think Bottas knew a wreck would result but he's the more seasoned driver.
Should've watched it at 50 percent speed.. Not frame by framing it
It's a racing incident in my opinion, but if I was Toto I'd put the blame on Bottas.  Why was he even racing Williams. If Bottas wants to not wreck with a Williams, don't drive at Williams pace.
Russell's fault, he popped out too soon having no space. In that conditions it's almost impossibile to see a car doing that  on a rearview mirror, bottas was just trying to keep the position
Nah, Russel took the risk by switching to the wet line. There was always space and it was always wet, which Russel should have known. You can even see on the Alfa onboard that Bottas gives him more space when he notices Russel is beside him.
Looks to me like any move Bottas made to the right was him following the dry line on the track.
Russell never got on grass you can hear (on his onboard) him lose rear traction just before and there are couple reasons why. First is full throttle while turning on damp part of track, second is open drs less downforce and third you can see on kimi's onboad it's bottoming out on bump that is on that part of track not usually driven over. It's racing incident nevertheless I don't see how Bottas was at fault it was his corner he left space.
"Bottas left George space, but it wasn't usable space because it was wet", it's a valid argument.  Bottas left him space on the track as he needed to.  If George wants to make an overtake on wet tarmac, well that's his choice, but not Bottas's fault or on him to leave George dry tarmac or give up the dry line.
I agree with you, it is a racing incident, no need to apply any penalties to the drivers. However it is up to the driver behind to choose their overtaking spot.  Russell attempted that move knowing there would be a lack of grip on the outside.  Bottas has no obligation to make it easy for him. There is enough space but only just.  Russell took the risk, he could easily have waited a lap or two or to find a safer overtaking opportunity.
Russel done fudged up, and got it wrong. It was not Bottas' fault, unless leaving a car's width for passing without jinking is no longer acceptable - in which case expect every driver get overtaken every race. An unlucky racing incident and a bit of overconfidence by Russel end up with a nasty coming together.  If there was any sort of undue movement from Bottas it was so invisibly small that it can't be counted or seen.
F1 conveniently not showing Bottas' onboard? Didn't anyone see Bottas' onboard? He jinked it right a tiny bit, just before Russell went for the right side of him. Russell got spooked and overreacted. Yes Bottas left him enough room, but he knows what he did prior to that. Was it a risky move by Russell? Yes, but justified. (if you no longer go for a gap that exists?) With the overspeed Russell had he would've easily been in front and on the racing line before turn one. Was it Russells fault? Yes but Bottas instigated it with the little (10cm?) jink just as Russell made the decision to go for it. Check the Bottas onboard. Brundle saw it...
Russel was already spinning his wheel in the wet section of the track before touching the grass ! The moment he moves into the wet part of the track, he's just a passanger.
It's clearly Russel's fault
Looks like Bottas was sticking to the dry line. No more or less on his part. Russel took a chance, didn't work.
4:00 Bottas went more and more to the right even after that moment. 5:35 Look where he is relative to the line later. He left just enough space and I can't see if he moved the steering wheel or not, but I think he put HIMSELF into unnecessary risk with that move. Anyone else could've hit Bottas the same way, not just Russel. While Russel also took the risk, he didn't expect Bottas to go that close. Would you not try to overtake in this position?
This was clearly more Russel's fault. There was still room but Bottas is garbage for being in a battle with Williams lol
Bottas pissed by the unecessary crash and give finger, Russel give a bit slap  Kids fans: NOOOO... It's baddie move! Matured fans: heh.. Normal pissed stuff, ofc both will be angry at each other
With all the drama of the crash, we seem to overlook the fact that George, in a Williams was about to overtake on Bottas in a Mercedes.   That alone is absolutely wild.
But funny how the crash let Lewis back into the race? CrashGate 2.0 discuss 🤣
if you look bottas is on the dry line, you can see the 2 different colours on the road from dryer and damp
Russels fault 100%.
Russell’s inexperience shows here. Bottas had the line, and Russell was coming from simply too far back for the conditions.
So basically the guy in blue agreed LMAO!! & yes Russel was at fault
Russell's inexperience allowed him to make the inaccurate judgment that he was going have an easy overtake on the wet line. It's very obvious Bottas was in his right. It's frankly disappointing and delusional to be frustrated at VB because Russel thought he's entitled to overtake simply because his overtake was more challenging.   Absolute child.
Russel just showed that he might overreact in a competitive situation, that won't help him get a seat alongside Hamilton
If u pause the video a second later Bottas already have the right front tyre inside the pit exit line, no space there
Kimi is always behind when accident happens.lol😂😂😂😂🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
It's also the passing cars job to pass safely. I don't like that Bottas didn't give him very much room, but there was room.
Bottas definately knew he was putting them both in danger. The fact that Russell in a Mclaren was quicker than him shows how average a driver he is
It's not egregiously either driver's fault, but IMO is Russell's more than Botas.  Botas just followed the dry racing line.   He has no imperative to change his line on to the wet tarmac so another driver can overtake.  Add to that, even following the dry line, Bottas still left George MORE than enough space to continue his overtake.  The bottom line is for some reason George thought Bottas was going to just concede the position and when he didn't, Russell paniced and ran too far wide.  That's on him, not Bottas.  Bottas did NOT force him off the track. George lost his nerve and made a mistake.  That's not Bottas' fault.
I don't think Valtteri even realized George was going to over take. I obviously can't know that, but George began his move from very far back and that's of course possible with DRS. Then there's the issue of wet tarmac outside the dry line. Valtteri might have thought George wouldn't go through with it or maybe Valtteri didn't even see George at all, maybe he was focused on the entry of next corner. Either way, Valtteri just stayed in the middle of the straight dry line that moves toward the right side of the curved "straight". At the moment George appeared on his right side Valtteri steered left to give more room. So in respect to the curved track Valtteri moved from left to right and back left, but actually he just went straight and tried to avoid the collision to left at the end.
It is a very close call here. I agree with you guys, Bottas gave him just enough space, Russell didn't judge how wet the track was there. Is it my imagination or did Bottas move quickly to the left right when Russell started to lose it? From Kimmi's cam it look like that. Anyway, I think it's an unfortunate race incident. However, I'd like to point out at Russell's attitude. I know, adrenaline is sky high but, after his lost chance in Bahrain, I think I started to get an image of him of a guy who likes to over react on his comments. In Bahrain, yeah, he lost a victory, but I mean, come on, he was there to prove he could drive a Mercedes. He passed the test with flying colors and still he kind of complained to Mercedes for losing him the victory. You don't complain like that to the team you're aspiring to join. That's how he looked to me. But well, he's a driver, so I guess he just wants the seat. I just hope he keeps his tongue a bit more where it belongs. Probably he just tried to make Bottas look bad so she gets his seat ;)
Hamilton...Botas had to crash to safe him 😂
Racing incident. But if I had to point blame, it would be Russel.
Guy on the right is the biast one, guy on the left isn't. So clear
I think its fia's fault. They allow the drs too early in my opinion.
Just look at Lewis overtaking Lando at the same place. It's purely Russel's fault, just overreacted. Totally unprofessional, who hits someone on the head.
Clearly Russels fault
Bottas didn't even turn and Russell just turn it towards Bottas. So I think it's Russell's fault..
it is just Russell's incompetence
at 2:35 it looks like Bottas has left space for Russel, but at 2:39 you can see how quickly he was moving further to the right (compare his wheel with the white line). That looks like a 'jink to the right' to me.
It is not 60/40. It is 0-100 Russell fault! Race ban.
Possibly blaming Bottas on the title and thumbnail is pure clickbait for Russel stans, what a shame you chose thah path. Honestly I think were only having this massive argument cause it was Bottas deffending from a faster Russel, had It been Stroll or Ocon smashing Bottas or anyone else everyone would blame the overtaking driver and move on, the ONLY reason why It became such a hot topic is the fact british darling Russel is involved.
At no point Bottas turned right, he was turning slightly left all the time. It's the track that suddenly turned left, to which Bottas reacted belatedly by abruptly steering left a bit more to leave Russel room. It's Russel's mistake, but I can totally understand how easy it was for him to misjudge this situation at such a speed and in such difficult conditions. And I can totally see why both drivers would initially blame each other. It's a racing incident.
This crash 100% saved Hamilton's race. I might never have his money, skill or talent but damn i wish i had the guys luck.
Russell 100% lmao
9:52 mate, can I ask you to have another look at the footage... Verstappen actually was not in front at the time he started pushing Hamilton of the track
If you look at Kimi’s racing line you can see that he goes even faster to the right than vb did and he just follows the dry racing line. If you than look at vb’s line you can see he left space. At that point it’s Russels job to control the car in that space and he couldn’t do it. Russel should also have know that VB would at least go a bit to the right because that’s what everyone (also Russel himself) does on their own and in the rain it’s the place on the track that’s dry and Russel knows this because he already drove there 30 times. Because of this I would say 0% VB’s fault 70% Russels fault and 30% the fault of the unknown conditions.
What should Russel have done differently?
Russell at fault 100%. The rule is you leave the overtaking driver a cars width of track, not a cars width of DRY track. Also, as you said, a drivers normal line would take them to the inside where Bottas was and then a little to the right coming out of that kink in the ‘straight’ so you can take a wider entry and carry more speed through Tamburello. Despite being Russell’s fault, imposing a penalty on him for a misjudgement in these conditions would be harsh.
The problem is Bottas. He's just not good enough. Look how long he was stuck behind stroll compared to his teammate. He's just not fast enough.  As for fault. 50/50. A Williams has no business passing a Mercedes.  A Williams has no business passing a Mercedes!!
It`s not the space that Bottas have left for Russell to pass , but the angle . The steeper the angle the more side drag you will have plus the wet patch , then he hit the grass and kaboom . It is a race after all for me no one`s fault .
I remember that in the Top Gear Ayrton Senna piece from JC, Martin Brundle discribed their F3 incident by saying that Senna always positions the car in a way, that you either choose to have an accident or back off. Bottas has been, arguably unusually, brave on Sunday against Russel by doing that. He usually doesn't put up the biggest fight. But the problem for me is that it isn't Max or Checo that he is fighting, it was Russell. So he pushed his team up to 1 Million closer to the budget cap, which they did not expect to be, and Russell lost his hard fought point finish. Really unfortunate events that turned out the worst possible for them, luckily without injuries.
GR panicked and moved more than he had to
Some might say I’m a Bottas “hater” but I can say with 100% certainty that this accident wasn’t Bottas’s fault
I watched the on board cam now several time in slomo. Can someone tell me what that high pitched engine sound is? Is that because he activated drs (I think it was activated long before that)? Or is it the tires loosing grip and spinning much faster. (which I think is quite possible)? It sounds to me more like a start of a drift than more forward power due to less downforce. The sound starts before Russell even was near the grass. Which would mean that he lost traction way before he got pushed in that tight space. And it would make perfect sense: First of all he lost traction on both tires in the back but this wasn't as obvious because he was in a straight line so the back of the car would just continue to follow the momentum which was straight at this time but then as he entered the corner and actually started to move the steering wheel to the left he started to slide his back around resulting in a drift which led to the impact into Bottas.  But I wouldn't blame someone for doing something dumb. It was a race on a old, tight, and wet track at a high speed corner. Stuff like this happens. Both are well and can start over at the next race.
I'm not swayed...Bottas was at Fault, this type of Defensive move, that quick jink, is not particularly displayed by Drivers of Top Skill Level. As Lewis Hamilton did to Verstappen going into Turn-1 in Bahrain, it was used with much more skill causing Max to get out of shape then eventually run wide in Turn-4...& as Lando did to Lewis while battling for P-2, it was executed Masterfully. There's a Difference between placing the Car in the right spot 'Perfectly' & at the right time versus an erratic motion at 200mph that gives an illusion that looks out of control & where it looks much more innocent in slow motion. Not everyone has driven a Car or any vehicle at 200+ mph...You may disagree, but I have Driving experience also & it's a Dirty tactic that Lesser Skill Drivers have in their Tool Box.
@Driver61 please take a look at Hamilton overtaking Norris for P2 onboard. And compare that frame by frame with Russel’s attempt overtaking Bottas. In my opinion Hamilton passed Norris just slightly later but you can see how long Norris stuck to the left and his right front tyre didn’t pass the pit stop line, while Bottas did thus giving Russel much narrower space
No he wasn't and how dare you even suggest it. Russell was clearly at fault.
Seeing Kimmi's onboard is very telling.  You can clearly see that Kimis commits to an even wider line than Bottas did, meaning to me, that Bottas was leaving russel with room.  Bottas did what was required, George effed up, for a second year in a row not at Imola.
Purposely done for hamilton to get 2nd...
It is a really hard call. Bottas was over the white line and if you look at the track, compare it to how wide the F1 cars are... I can see why Russell would have maybe over-compensated and went onto the grass. I have to defer to the pro-driver and say 60/40 Bottas' fault.
When y’all stopped and talked about “all the room Botha’s left” if you go to the next frame you would see that Bottas moved over and fully crossed the line in the middle of the road, effectively pushing George off the road. I put this squarely on Bottas’s shoulders at least 75/25 as we know he buckles under pressure and to have a Williams challenging his Mercedes will not stand
At 9:17, I think what Max had was payback from Bahrain. I mean in Bahrain that's more or less what Hamilton did to him at the exit of turn 4. He just subtly pushed Max out, he didn't really leave him a car's width at the exit. Max basically did the same here but at least he has the "excuse" that it was wet, so less grip, the car didn't turn in (I guess you could analyse that and show he did it on purpose but oh, come on, it was still within limits). But anyway, sorry, that's another topic, it was just that they also mentioned it.
Unless you've gone into the race knowing how many points you need to secure, no driver is going to back down to another just because they're being 'brave'. That's an invitation to all other drivers in future races to take advantage of it.  Regarding whether it's a straight or a corner, if it's a corner Bottas is allowed to force Russell all the way off.
Russel is behind. Bottos is in front. Its should be if it isn't already the driver who is behind ,responsibility not to take out the guy ahead. Job done.  Bottas has left space thats all his required to do. The rest is up to Russel and he failed to execute the overtake.🤷‍♂️.
My only question is where is the T-cam footage for VB
It’s Bottas’s fault! He’s a hateful driver. He can’t stand being a loser.
Bottas was just following the dryline, and George came off the track. Just had to go for the gap and it went bad
Bottas’s fault, he knew the outside was damp & purposefully squeezed Russell, I’m an ex national karter
Bottas had 2 options, right. Stay on the dry racing line, and if Russel goes to the outside, Russel hits the wet and spins out. Or, Bottas stays fully left, goes off the racing line and into the wet and spins out. Bottas was ahead and therefore had the right to chose his line, which the rules allow for. It is 100% Russel's fault, there's no partial blame at all.
Russell could have backed-off and taken him next lap --- LOOK how many laps Hamilton was behind Norris before taking P2...patience...especially in a narrow short track like Imola...PATIENCE.   George had no patience.
With Russell closing speed , bottas had no chance to deff in the braking Point  i think it was a stupid move  iam waiting to see bottas cockpit view !
Mate, motoracing is all about going to that knife edge, no matter what place is at risk
I'd say George was at fault here. The dry line is clearly the racing line which Bottas has, as he's in front. If anything Bottas probably noticed George going for a Banzai move and reacted as soon as he saw GR on the outside but by that point, especially with the speed, it was too late for VB to really avoid. Shame both drivers ended up retiring but think GR reaction was pretty out of order - understandable with adrenalin pumping but still out of order.   On the flip side, as it's been noted by others, how was a Williams able to attempt an overtake the Mercedes given the massive performance difference??  I just hope both drivers forget this and move forward next race, both don't seem like drivers to hold a grudge.
Your friend is such Russell's fanboy. You killed every argument he brings and he still seating there shaking his head that how can Bottas be that brave to drive someone to the edge of the track.
Your guest is arguing a sense of fairness that doesn’t exist in competition. Everyone gets a trophy boy
Crashgate?
U can't crash in to a guy which is behind u. Russel fault this time.
IMO, Bottas didn't do anything wrong. That was a totally normal defense, he didn't jerk or steer in, and he even took the inside of the dry line to leave more than enough room for a car on the outside. Russell just plain went too wide when shooting for the gap, and spun it out.
5:27 why tf arent people talking about that maybe, JUST MAYBE, if he "cant use" the wet part... he should have lifted off? It's not Bottas job to give him the dry line. The entitlement of Russell is beyond crazy. Nobody was forcing him to commit to the overtake or to turn right... LIFT OFF like many other drivers have done in many other situations.
I think Russell boffed it.  *Unless* ... we're saying that defensive rules (1 move, 1 car width)  change based on track dampness conditions, which I don't think we're saying.
Click bait
I can understand why bottas would defend so hard, like imagine getting overtaken by one of the slowest cars on the field, and the driver that might be replacing you in the future, all while driving the 2nd fastest car...
Toto said it best! I think it was Russels reaction after that made him look worse!
.. how can Russel's over-reactions be Botta's fault?
I think it's 50/50 but Russell shouldn't have overtaken on the naive belief a gentleman's agreement would stop Bottas doing a cheeky wobble. The vector and speed of Russell's approach combined with the counter sweep of the track meant any slight move to the right from Bottas amplified Russell's steering at a critical point. But at the end of the day, this has only blown up because one driver approached a crashed car of the other to vent rather than checking on their safety, and hit out in anger because he was flipped the bird.
Russel is on the wet, he loses grip and turns to bottas, completely Bottas fault
If you listen to the unedited video of russel (not slow-motion), you can hear his engine wind up as it lost traction. Yes, they allowed slicks but that didn't mean that the track was completely dry, especially on the edge of the track?? Also, if you look, Russell bottoms out and once again induces an instability at high speeds on a wet surface with slicks... no matter how I see it, Russell is to blame. Still a great race though!! Thanks for the quick content.
Look at the line, Bottas stays on left side of line , George boy perception that it was scary and thought he was coming the whole way is not Bottas fault
My take on BOT GR incident is that  Both of em thought other one Fionna slow down none of em slowed down  BOT give a link on steering wheel  GR on grass and spins
When Bottas and Russell were side by side. There's still so much space between them. Russell just went over to the grass and lost it.
And nobody's talking about the fact it was inches away from the place Senna died :( Car safety improved a lot over the years, but it's important to keep it in mind I think.
One also needs to consider that with DRS on, George is losing a lot of rear down force contributing to the car turning sideways uncontrollably quickly.
Russel caused the crash. It’s clearly his fault.
Big respect for u two
Within the rules neither did anything wrong. Russell just messed up with his judgment of the situation.
Very convenient for Hamilton that Russel did this
Imagine having 11 minutes of discussion before making a situational move in .3 seconds. Fact of the matter is Bottas was in the middle when Russell made his move, then blocked and crossed the white line only after Russell had already pulled alongside.
It has to be someone's fault, can't be 50/50. It can't  just be a racing incident. Go team rah rah.
0:28 ... who are you anyhow? Bottas his fault, thought you have been watching F1 for years and years...? You say it yourself "as soon as he hits the wet, he seems to lose it" Fact is that Bottas - being the racer in the lead - gave him at least a cars width, did not make a move to the right or anything... Russel hits the white line, with slicks, that we're wet from the wet part of the track he's on, and the white line is wet... still think 1 plus 1 is 2
Vb twitched gentlemen agreement still an agreement
Bottas moved over from his racing line to the right. You should have known that you put someone in danger on wet track by forcing him to the right.
I wish all "arguments" were this civil
You get a better view from Raikkonen's onboard.. you can see Bottas had space on the left. For me it's Bottas' fault although you can argue that Bottas wanted the dry line but still, George was coming for the overtake. Maybe Bottas didn't expect George to make the move
The Kimi angle is interesting
Before seeing this video, I thought it was Bottas' fault; after this video, I agree now it was Russell's fault. Russell's angle of attack on the overtake left him zero margin for error, and he made an error by going too far right. Bottas didn't force him off or do anything wrong.
The pure lack of holding Russell accountable for his recklessness is just crazy. People are actively searching for reasons to blame Bottas where there are none so the next best thing is to say "weeeellll he maaaybeee could have bla bla etc etc" when the pure fact is he did nothing wrong. I'd even go so far and say he was defending way too nicely.   Just take 1 second at Russell and you'll find a plethora of reasons why he and only him is at fault. He got so spooked that it actually exposed his piss poor race craft. Watching him crash behind the safety car last year on the same track and now embarrassing himself in this fashion was too big of a hit to his fragile ego so he's blaming Bottas. What an entitled little cunt he is. Watching him at Imola 2020 and 2021 I was having flashbacks of Maldonado.  Where did he get his hubris from? Where does this crazy entitlement come from? He has basically zero wheel to wheel experience in F1 and people are praising him like he's the next Hamilton. He's just fast, but lacks pretty much everything else. People really need to stop the nut hugging, this boy needs humbling!   His actions after the crash are the real problem though. That was the most trashy shit I've seen in a long while. Fuck George Russell.
Watching it live, I immediately thought Bottas pushed Russell wide, onto the grass, and made him spin (into Bottas). Russells onboard was the first replay I believe, but after watching a couple more replays from different angles, the move to the right (from Bottas) wasn't as obvious any more. Especially since it's a left kink. Looking at the dry line, the squeezing is definitely there though and while I think Russell has his right to be angry about it, it's not Bottas fault, as it is his job to defend the position.   So while I would put the blame on Russell for that very moment, I feel like Bottas came off as the weaker driver. He shouldn't be in P9, and shouldn't have to defend against a Williams with his Mercedes. I think Bottas is trying to be more aggressive, taking charge of the moment, in an attempt to not be 'driver number two', but unlike other successful Formula 1 driver, who also pushed every limit to their advantage, Bottas seems to lose out more often, than gaining from it.
Racing incident fueled by ambition on who gets the seat next year.  One thought I had was if Bottas ever fancied himself to win the championship and every point counts -  why fight so hard and take big risk against a hungry aggressive driver when there is a possibility to fight back later when you find some tire temp. What would Lewis do in this situation?
Lmao nothing to discuss here, Bottas left him enough room but Russel went to far to the right side and his right rear tyre came into the grass and he spun and took both out, simple as that!
Why isnt there any onboard footage of bottas, only Russell everywhere??
Start of the video dude in blue hoodie : "I think it's Bottas' fault"  At 2:21 proceeds to prove that it absolutely wasn't Bottas' fault. Video talking point done and reality confirmed.
Talking about what position Bottas was defending is pointless. Like Driver61 said, racing drivers fight for every position as they should. Bottas had a bad race but did nothing wrong in this situation.
Bottas left George plenty of room but I think George thought, "He's going to keep moving over" and took to the grass to avoid what could've been a Mark Webber-esque crash which would've been much worse than what we got. Knowing what could've happened I don't blame George for reacting the way he did.
So I am an expert, because I have been following F1 since the days of Emerson Fittipaldi, Lauda and kie.
Russel just had a whoopsie and doesnt wanna admit to it. We should all  tell Russel that shit can happen but lets not pretend you didnt fuck up
I am a George fan so I am saying Bottas is at fault😂
Bottas' fault
The outro is telling us that we will be having this arguments until the next race which will be in the next 2 weeks
Netflix writers rejoicing.
Bottas followed the racing line throughout the long curve which goes from left of the track to the center right of the track to be in a position for the next left turn. Russell was given a car and a half worth of space. What got Russell was the fact that, driving on slick, he went from a dry path to a wet path, putting his rights tires on the white painted line, lost traction and spun straight into bottas. 100% Russell’s fault. Nobody got hurt at least.
with the speed difference why did bottas fight it russell would of passed easy if he didn't spin out imo bottas ruined his own race more than he already had up to that point which was already pretty poor. i can see bottas out of a f1 seat next season.
So for the people supporting Russel, so Bottas should just let them pass？He has the right to defend lollll
George Russell is lacking experience to either not make that overtake, or make it stick al la Senna '1993 at Donington.
At all times there was enough room for both cars on the roadway. This is 100% on George.
50/50 racing incident, with difficult conditions. No one is to blame
Whatever about the crash Russell should not have hit Bottas on the head after the crash he could have had a neck injury a very very stupid thing to do after someone has just had a big crash and is still in the car
The only view you need is from The alphas’s onboard. Bottas moves a whole car width to the right when George chooses his direction. 100 percent Bottas’s fault. He was slower and tried to block and could have killed both of them. Bottas deserves a race ban for it.
Russel's move was poorly thought out and badly timed. The Strait is not straight... It curves to the drivers left. George thought Valtteri moved when it was the lay of the course. He still moved over into the wet and took flying lessons.. How is that Bottas' s fault? But it was Georges reaction I thought was over the top.... I dont blame Toto for his comments. I think he is right. I think George needs to put the visor down and drive.
Completely Russell's fault. He made the decision to pass, while on slicks, with a wet track. He can't expect other drivers to simply give up and let him pass. It's a real race; and not a computer game.
We need palmer analysis
just realized that there is no on board video from bottas? Why is this? Aren't they all recording? Or can a team decide to not release it?
If you see the position of Valtteri at 2:03 vs his position at 2:08, you can see that he has moved that wee bit right, towards George. Probably the thing that spooked George and caused the collision. True that Bottas was following the racing line, but it was kind of a freak situation as you said, changing conditions, DRS, "Turn 1 kink", etc etc. It was a racing incident, and I feel we should leave it at that.
Well it was clearly Russell’s fault. Bottas had the racing line and Russell was off line on the wet side of the track when on slicks. Russell touches the grass and spins off. Bottas even moved away slightly to allow Russell through but Russell still botched it and blames Bottas.
The thing is..... It is russell and bottas
That very subtle reaction in his face when you said he isn't a pro driver :D
Tough one really, Bottas is on a trajectory over the white line, which is squeezing Russell. It is not necessarily that Bottas is pushing the car further out, but his car is over the white line and is coming over more as you watch Russell’s car start to pass.  However, there are lots of other circumstances
no one really at fault, Bottas squeezed him more than necessary, pushing Russel over the edge. Both paid the price.
There was a frame you showed where Bottas' right front is all the way over that white line and there is not a full car width for Russell.
To me it's pretty simple: Bottas was in front for most of the time of the incident and therefore owned the racing line. He can choose which part of the track to take. Just as long as he doesn't do a Michael Schumacher and aggressively move into Russell's line.  As you guys said, that "straight" into Tamburello isn't straight. It's a curve, and so therefore it's reasonable to expect a car to drift towards the outside of the curve just naturally anyway. Russell put himself at risk by positioning his car on the outside of that gentle curve and into the half-wet. On a perfectly dry track, MAYBE he had a chance to pull off this move, but the fact that it wasn't perfectly dry makes the move very risky.  For as long as I've been watching racing (nearly four decades) I've long thought that it's the overtaking driver's responsibility to pull off the move safely; the only way that responsibility shifts is if the driver being overtaken drives into the overtaking driver's line. And we just don't have any evidence that Bottas deliberately drives into Russell at any point.
i think is Russell fold
It was racing drivers being racing drivers. Russell pulled an ambitious move and arrogantly decided Bottas would have to make it easy for him, which was a severe misjudgement and Bottas intentionally made it difficult for Russell without having the time to consider the full consequences of the situation.  50/50. Ultimately, they both ended with a DNF and a bollocking from Toto over it. No blame culture needed on this one.
Bottas did not change his line. Russel put his tyres on the grass.
Really great video. I agree - I suspect VB's pride kicked in and he didn't want to be overtaken especially by GR in a Williams. He moved in a legal manner although possibly a bit aggressively, but he's allowed to. GR got spooked by the movement, touched the grass even though he had space (just), and that was game over. In the dry it's just a scary moment for Russell, in the wet it's a crash
Bottas not at fault. It was plain as day that Russell panicked, kneejerk reaction. If he`d gone wheel-to-wheel, as great drivers do, he`d`ve made it.  I`m a huge Russell fan but he cocked-up there, plain & simple, no 60/40,  Wolff appeared to be protecting Russell with that comment. To quantify, I`m no Bottas fan, I`m sure he`s a very nice chap. 100% Russel`s fault! Having said that, it`s a perfectly natural reaction to move across when the other driver is APPEARING to do so in front of you. In reality, he should`ve trusted Bottas, as a top driver, would leave enough room, and gone wheel-to-wheel. Should Russell be penalised? I think he may be....not checked the latest from F1 HQ.
Russel is blaming Bottas to save his own pride because he made a bad decision to move off the dry line in that situation. Travelling at the speeds F1 cars do drivers have to think fast and act fast and they can't always get it right. That's what makes the sport exciting.
Let me preface this by saying I'm a huge Russell fan - I'd "love" to be able to look at this and say that Bottas caused this accident.  HOWEVER, looking at Russell's onboard on the F1 channel - which is 50FPS - there is no frame to suggest Bottas shifted right dramatically. The pit lane exit line provides a good solid reference for this.  He drifts right a bit - very slowly and very steadily - , then holds pretty straight as Russell passes. He also leaves Russell MORE than a full car width to pass. Watching it at .25x you can also hear that Russell starts to lose rear traction when he's barely past Bottas' rear tire and at that point Bottas' front is on the pit lane line and Russell's right rear should be nowhere near the edge of the track. At that point it's already over. I'm sorry George - I don't want it to be true , but it's totally your fault.
Seemed like this was just racing to me. Russel’s reaction and comments post-race.....not the best. Sometimes we forget, a lot of these guys are basically kids. Could have been handled better, a little less blame placed, a little more boring generalizations were indicated.  Great discussion guys. Nice to hear from a driver and a fan, and look at the different perspectives. George just needs to consider the politics of the situation, when speaking. IMO, he was just racing here, but could have handled things better after.
Did I identify there is a car next to me? Have I left them at least one cars width the room? And have I made any sudden movements outside of the normal racing line? Yes, yes, no.   On GR's side, on slicks, the track was still quite wet on the wet line, closing speed left little margin for reaction. Even if VB is another 1/4-1/2 a car's width over, it's still a risky pass.   It was a low percentage move by GR. VB followed standard etiquette. It's that simple.
I appreciate people want to debate this but I can't really see how it could be viewed as anything other than an impatient mistake from Russell. Expecting Bottas to move to the inside, off the dry line with the Gs pulled there, is unreasonable of Russell. The fact that Russell immediately blamed Bottas only undermined his position further. He's a great driver but Russell is still learning
I want to see VB's on-board footage, but I think GR wants to be in that Merc so bad he wanted to make that pass.*edit* And VB does not want to lose his Merc seat.
In a vacuum it's a straight 50-50. Any driver would have gone for it and any driver would have defended it up to that point. But we're not in a vacuum, we have an experienced driver in Bottas who decided to roll the dice when he absolutely should have known the danger.  Norris is the Rookie. He has to learn. Bottas should have learned to not play chicken over P8 a long time ago...
The Raikkonen on-board shows how far over Bottas goes. He squeezed him as far as he could onto the wet part of the track. In the dry, there was nothing wrong  with what Bottas did. In changing conditions and in retrospect this probably wouldn't have happened. In the end though, it was just a racing incident. I can see why both of them would have been irritated with the other.
You should hear Russels reaction about Bottas when he was speaking to the Dutch interviewer after the crash. He was lashing out to Bottas hard!
Bottas left space if you look at the video onboard from Russell,  Botta is always on the dry line, he doesnt move away from it. George got on the wet part of the track and it span the car around.   It's a racing accident but caused by George Russell.  Check out Raikkonens line, he is further to the right than Bottas was, so Bottas was giving room.  If Bottas had kept further left , he would have been on the wet line on the inside of the track.  No one in front would do that.
it's BOTTAS fault, from my point of view
Greetings, I ddo not accord with the Pro driver because one Can see how bottas moved to the outside quite a bit what coud shook Russel and forces to react to the outside more than he had planed.  😲
Bottas opens his line slightly just as Russell pulls out from his slipstream, there was enough space, not enough awareness. Purely a racing incident. Why was a Merc so far behind though.
Thank you for ending the video right at the part that he changed his mind.
Formula 1's Fault....cars are too massive. End of discussion.
Nothing to analyse, amateur George put his car on the wet patch with less downforce. The same guy who crashed by his lonesome self on the same track last year 🤣🤣🤣
It's 100% Russel's fault he did the same thing in Austria  last year he is not paying attention to the environment and judging properly the conditions on how to overtake.  Look at the same corner when Lewis tried to overtake Max he came close but the moment was not right and he backed up, Russel should have done the same. Bottas was on a racing line and he has the right to defend but cocky Russel miss judged the situation and blames Bottas. Bottas left plenty of space on the right and Russel got scared, paniced miss judged how to overtake due to a small move to the right from Bottas.  Bottas was following the racing line Russel is young and unexperienced he was even rude to Battas  just aftet the crash and dared to say " Do you want to kill us" that's why Bottas showed him the finger. He didn't even apologize for the crash.
Not tad wheel to the left of the white line in one frame and then to the left of the line in the next frame. Thoughts
noob here. i like f1 but i only recently got into it and i dont know much, so pardon my ignorance. but...  i really feel having grass on the side on a straight like this is extremely dangerous for drivers. a momentary contact with it resulted in Russell losing all control of his car. I do not think any track should be designed this way. Is there an alternative to grass, (none that i am aware of) which would slow down a car but not cause the driver to lose all control of it? (the slowing down would deter drivers from using that section of the track, except in emergencies like this)  again its just an idea. i feel it can be implemented, but i may be wrong. Everyones either blaming russell or bottas, and im sitting here blaming the damn grass XD that shit is dangerous get rid of it please
I rewatched the race from the onboard of Hamilton to see how other drivers were behaving defending against him. I found that the overtake on sainz was pretty much the same except for one thing : Sainz gave Hamilton about 70cm more space than Bottas gave to Russel
No.
Bottas’ fault why is he within DRS range of a Williams
Good discussion, Russel fault imho
Excellent analysis!
In the 2 pics you can clearly see Bottas still going to the right ...
russell was behind, russells fault.. no one should give you the position because you have DRS on.
The co-host just grasping for straws to pin it on Bottas.
This is pretty much the same thing Leclerc did to Hamilton at Monza 2019 before the chicane. Its pretty much edge of the line.
Dont reallg see why it would be bottas' failt.. left enough room...
That Callum fella is actually agreeing that it was Russells fault he just doesnt seem to realise it rofl
The problem is that Bottas twitched to the right. Of course at the end it was just a twitch and he ended leaving enough space but there is no way for Russell to know that at that moment. Thinking Bottas was going to take more space he had a split moment to react and I doubt ignoring Bottas sudden movement at the end was an option. Yes, Bottas did leave enough space but sudden movements like that are always going to cause incidents.  65% Bottas fault
russles fault
6:13 russel
Look at 1:54: Bottas car is in a Diagonal angle, maybe 30 or 40 degree. The white lane makes it clear. He is pushing Russel outside.   At that speed Russel can only thinks he will keep coming to the right, so he as to push his car even more to the right, where there is no track.  Bottas could have defended by turned his car to the right. But by that point he had to get back to a straight line, which he didn't, you can see cleary that he was still coming to the right by his car angle.
Its Toto's fault :D
Russell has changed his stance: While Russell remains adamant he did the right thing by trying to pass Bottas, he accepted his rival was likely not to blame.  “Could it have been avoided? Yes. Was Valtteri in the wrong? Probably not.
You're a racing driver with poor judgement on this accident. Hamilton made the same move stick on both LeClerc and Norris. In both cases, those drivers stayed left. On a couple of occasions, Norris moved to cover Hamilton's overtake attempt, but did so by moving early enough to cover it safely. Bottas moved a little to the right at the last moment. A day late and a dollar short. Leaving enough room in those conditions at that speed (just), but doing so at the very last moment reeks of cowboy style driver moves we've all seen these past decades that have often resulted in big crashes. Exactly what happened here.
I think it Russell fault Bottas was in the racing line dry line even left george space and some of the dry line too
There's a stupid game kids play where you do something like maybe pretend like you're going to slap someone and the goal isn't to hit them but to make them flinch.  The other player wins if they don't flinch.  In this case George flinched but unfortunately they both lost.
I say it's Russell's fault, but really just a racing incident.
This was a case of too many things happening at the same time at a very high speed and shit happened
Bruuuh this is a smart clickbait
100% Russell's fault.
It's not as clear in these replays, but from others I've seen I would put it down to a racing incident and say neither is to blame.  I think VB was squeezing him somewhat following the racing line, but left him enough room.  GR said VB jinked to the right, but it looked like VB jinked to the left (after squeezing him) at which point GR lost control.  GR said in his interview that VB jinked to the right, but  to me it felt like at that speed GR mistook the jink to the left as a jink to the right, and hence reacted by going further right and loosing it.  Difficult one.
I think racing incident but if I had to pick who is at fault I would say Bottas. But then again he also gave him enough space but then again again he also went over to russel's site which might have looked more extreme for russel than it actually was
No he wasn’t
This is annoying, saying it's 50/50, 60/40, 70/30 or whatever, you'd have to imply Bottas was at fault in some way, HE DID ABSOLUTELY NOTHING WRONG!!
It's an obvious move from Bottas... Watch his front right tire step in the wet part of the track exactly after the corner. Yes, he left him space in the wet part of the track, that's not the issue.. The issue was the timing of that move from Bottas and the fact that George had to react and change his line.. Absolutely Bottas fault
its GR's fault making such a mess. VB had nothing to do with it
Bottas being the dick he is tried to block off Russell....
I guess the guy on the right has never seen where a driver has forced another driver off the track to defend a pass.
I think it's 50/50. Bottas did jolt slightly to the right then left but he left enough space
Simple answer no Russel is at fault because he went off track spun crashed into bottas if no collision occurred and Russel got the overtake he’d have to give position back because he was off track during the overtake
Russell couldn't  handle very well the situation...
Russell has to take full responsibility for committing to a high speed DRS overtake using the wet line. It was his own choice to do it, Bottas didn't make him do it. Under the circumstances it was a reckless gamble to prove himself against Bottas that didn't pay off and that has probably done him more harm in the longer term. He lost control, not because he was reacting to an alleged 'jink' from Bottas, as he tries to claim.  (check Russell's steering control as he comes up behind Bottas and pulls along side) The fact is there is not the 'reaction' in Russell's steering that he claims - it simply didn't happen. Bottas left him more than a car's width between the Mercedes and the right-hand edge of the track. Russell simply drives straight onto the wet edge of the track and then the back-end of his car comes round on him.  He needs to man-up and stop blaming Bottas for his own poor judgement. Either way, he's probably cooked his own goose now in his desire to drive a Merc next year.
When I saw the series was called F1 Breakdown I initially assumed it was sponsored by Ferrari.
Russel Fucked up, Botas has every right to be pissed
Nice and balanced analysis, but I have to admit it irks me when people are like; "well there was 1 cm on the left and 1 cm on the right which you can see if you roll it frame by frame so technically there was space ergo there was enough space". It's all too easy to judge in such extreme slow-motion shots, and not necessarily representative of real-time experience of events. Without diving into who did what, it just would've been nice if this caveat was mentioned in the analysis.
How many other drivers made this pass earlier in the race without losing control. Also don't forget it was wet on the inside for Bottas as well, just saying.
lando norris closed hamilton twice on the same curve, hamilton didn't hit him! Rossel could avoid.
i think its also important to consider whether or not bottas coudlve moved to the left cause if the track is wet on his left and he is driving 300kmh can he really turn into a wet track? i think he kinda has to stick to the racing line. Probably wouldnt have happened if drs was still disabled
im a pro driver heres my opinion, you are not a pro driver... whats ur useless thoughts? (i hate mansell always has to emphasize that..lol) its bottass fault btw.. hes a wounded dog who will step erratically from here on.. like vettel
I don't get why so many F1 fans think drivers shouldn't defend positions.  The FIA doesn't help the situation either cause they clearly have different rules for different drivers/cars.  Why should a driver just be forced to hold the racing line and let the car with DRS just drive passed.  That just doesn't seem like racing to me.
Driver61 you worth 100 million subscribers. Feels like you pick the right nerve of the subject in every video.
blue guy is a massive Russell fan or  Bottas hater
Russel did not allow Hamilton pass made him go on the wet line while under blue flag but he cries when Bottas does the same to him while racing for position... Russel dumb as f***
Agree with the man in black.   GR got spooked is not Bottas fault.  GR tries to be a Hero but ends up Zero.  Many zeros after the cars get repaired.
Russell fault 💯 percent.
VB left enough room and has the right to stay on the dry line. Russell wanted to pass in the wet line so...
It was the rain's fault...
the fact that debates are so intense means it is just a racing incident. 50/50
I dont think it’s either drivers fault, Bottas jinked right and squeezed George but still left enough space... he then overreacted to that and put his wheels on wet grass and dropped it, racing incident.
8:05... after telling us that Russell has to always go for that move then tries to tell us that Bottas should have yielded to just make sure he gets to the finish line... Geez lads try harder to defend Russell... not... just as much Russell should have made the move Bottas should have defended hard...
Russell’s fault. More importantly concerned with how he handled it.
I personally feel George needs to do a lot of growing up. To openly and aggressively blame someone so implicitly without having had time to see on boards or replays shows a level of immaturity. It is ironic that he has taken Grosjean's place on the GPDA and the same attitude to blaming the other person in an incident.   To me it seems fairly clear that Valtteri kept to the edge of the dry line. George over reacted to his overspeed and lost control by himself. He also should have learned from the incident with Hamilton, where he "allowed" Hamilton past by staying on the dry line, surely Bottas was always going to stay on the dry line.
No, he wasn't... You're welcome.
if bottas would have started the race from pos.2 ( as he should have) none of it would have happend drive in the midfield and you get eaten by it....even when your car is supposed to be faster....
Very nice debate. To me it was 50/50. Bottas moved slightly to the right, wanting to squeeze Russel a bit, but no illegally too far. Russel had a tiny reflex-reaction on that move, steering just a little bit too much on the wet part of the track. Kaboom. The slight curve in the track at that point was absolutely critical to this accident. On the other hand, Bottas saw Russel getting close in his mirrors very rapidly because of his DRS, knowing Russel would not back off, he could have given him in tiny bit more space. Bottas took a risk too, by not giving Russel an inch. So both took a risk. Thats why to me it's a 50/50 racing accident.
Thanks for giving a voice to both sides. I imagine other viewers are like me and take your opinion as one of authority so I really respect that you chose to do this.
In sportscar racing, this would have just been looked at as a racing incident, things happen so fast there isn't really time for a full analysis so trying to pass blame is pointless. Also in sportscar racing the driver would not have panicked into the grass because even if there was a side to side contact it probably wouldn't result in catastrophic failure and the battle could have continued.
Short answer, no
Russel's fault for sure. And he has come off the worse for wear in the PR exchanges afterwards too.
Bottas fault for dueling with a Williams
great audio, more work on your vis, and intro / outro would be cool (-:
One thing I'd like answered that I've not heard anyone raise is whether or not Russell should've attempted the pass in the first place. Considering the single racing line, the new slicks, etc., shouldn't Russell have bailed out of the overtake? I think so. The problem all began when Russell tried an overtake when he didn't have room and he should've known that due to track conditions.
all these pommies defending Russell to the core... Just accept that he stuffed up. It was 100% his fault
Nobody’s talking about the fact that a Williams was about to overtake a Mercedes
My point of view: a. Bottas did move to the right slightly, while he was supposed to hold his racing line, not quite decent b. Russell could've stayed tight to the right and probably sent that overtaking maneuver, but failed because of his mistake on the slippery side of track c. Simple race incident, 50:50 responsibility for both driver
When I first watched it I put full blame on Bottas with the understanding of he pushed/squeezed him onto the grass. Then watching the slow mo I went down to 50/50 but then a good point was made that he should have known the track conditions weren't great so shouldn't have went where he did. That pushed it to a 70/30 Russel in my eyes
That was an attempted block. It seems the front driver tried to brake the other guys momentum, but was too late so he ran him almost off the track in wet conditions. Cost both of them in the end. Of course maybe trying to play that game on that part of the truck was just bad judgement idk. Happens so fast.
A british "f1-enthusiastic" blaming it on the non-british driver. So ironic.
I think Russell didn't expect Bottas to move over so far to the right after what looked like Bottas trying to defend the inside. That's why Russell was upset and complained about Bottas driving.
Can we just appreciate here that George remove the two Mercedes from the race in one lap?
I honestly do not understand how anyone sees this as Bottas fault. I'm not even like mad or anything I just really can't see whatever they see. For me this wasn't even 60:40, more like 90% George. It's fascinating how this incident is so extreme in dividing people.
It’s a bit of a 50/50 for me, but I feel like people forget with the overspeed russell has... there is not a single driver that would not have gone for the gap... not a single one that would have braked to stay behind bottas! Even hamilton went on the wet to overtake russell!  I forgot about russell humiliating bottas last year, so maybe bottas did let it go out wide! XD #conspiracytheory hehe
It looks like Bottas blocks Russel all the way to the grass at first inspection, but you can see he does leave enough room to George who just took it too far to the outside and barely dropped a tire which sent him into Bottas
Bottas was in the dry line. Maybe he could give way but it's a risk getting to the wet line. Russel knew this because he himself when he gave way to Hamilton, he kept in the dry line while Lewis went skating on the wet line. Why he understand this but couldn't understand bottas, only he knew.
Russell apologist on the right: "oh yeah, now that I actually look at the video, maybe it's Russell's fault" LOL  Of course it was Russell's fault.
Russels fault
This is all on George.  He made the decision to go for a high speed over-take in the wet line on slicks.  Bad decision- period.  Unfortunately, they never showed the Bottas onboard - but he did not do anything but hold his line in the gradual corner on the straight.  No jinx at all.  If anything he stayed to the left of the dry line to give George room.
Bottas is following the dry line that’s why he moved slightly right. Russell fault
No Bottas stuck to the dry line, It was up to Russell to overtake safely on the wet line
I understand defending your position but, where's the line?  By that logic, Bottas would overly defend and causez that accident 10 of 10 times.   Isn't part of being a good racecar driver knowing when to give up a position while at the same time, knowing when to go for one?
Russell hit Bottas, not the other way round.  Bottas did not move right, he is on the racing line.  The dry line.   Now, how did Bottas get lapped with half a race to go?
was it bottas fault...???  Answer.....; YES...!!
It's all about risk/reward and self preservation. Russell does not announce his move and is a bit late. Could say the same for Bottas but it looks like he does leave room for Russell. If i where Bottas, i would not make the situation more dangerous, but i have to agree that Russell made an error getting in the grass.  These drivers will only give you a few inches to put your car in that gap, but it will be more dangerous. So i agree with Scott. Also, imo, i want to see Max leave room and have a race, instead of driving Lewis of track. I would expect Max to leave room for Lewis, but he didn't. If there are no penalties and it is considered normal, then it is a F1 ruling issue, Max will exploit those rules and drive Lewis off if he can and it is allowed. But i wanted to see them do 2-wide through those corners, not drive each other off. F1 needs to rethink these rules. Having just the nose in front does not give you the right to drive the opponent off the track,  but maybe that is just me. F1 would be way more interesting if they leave each other room.
Drivers make bad decisions all the time. I watched that race, and there is no doubt that Bottas's car moved to the right, AS he was being passed. He tried to spook the young driver, and he paid for it, with both cars being wrecked. Totally Bottas's fault. Edited for bad auto spell checking.
that blue guy is soo desperate.
From Kimi's onboard we can see Bottas left over a car's width on the inside. Doesn't it mean he didn't turn for the corner and let the car flow through the corner squeezing Russel a bit to the outside?
2:53 Bottas is on the wet side of the road. He wouldn't usually do that as it would hurt grip. Plus now he knows someone is overtaking from the right. This is not a racing incident, it's sabotage. He should be suspended for this.
Toto is moaning about the cost and budget limits. No racing from now on then
Kimi also takes a very similar line to Bottas. I think it was the dry line.
is this unique first time seeing this
I don’t see how anyone can blame Bottas. He was on the racing line the entire time AND there was more than a cars width lef for Russell. Seems the poor Finn can’t catch a break from the critics. On one hand people say he needs to be more aggressive to finish right along side Hamilton now he’s being told he was too aggressive even though he was well within the rules as well as well within general racing etiquette. Heck, I don’t even think he pushed the rules right to the limit. They weren’t even wheel to wheel when Russell panicked and ruined both drivers races.
He baulked Russell. Not on purpose but it looked like he wasn't holding his line but closing the space.
Compare it to Norris and Hamilton - Norris left a much more consistent gap to his right and didn't try and aggressively keep the racing line regardless of what was around him.  That's why they didn't crash, and Bottas and Russel did.  Bottas should position his car wider in the kink before the chicane to show he was trying to block, and that would have given Russel time/an option to not go into that zone.  Instead he hugged the left kink and just drove as if he wasn't partially along-side.  The rate of closure to the right would have any driver thinking he hadn't been seen, which is why Russel moves as he did because he really didn't want to bang wheels at 200mph.  It's poor driving from Bottas.
Before I saw Kimi's onboard I thought it was possible there was a bump from Bottas that the cameras couldn't see. Kimi's onboard (if you get to see it full screen...) shows clear space between the cars before Russell span, no bump or move from Bottas. I see from other comments that Bottas' onboard shows no steering wheel movement, as does his telemetry data that was analyzed after the race.  All that means it was a bad call from Russell to try that move on that part of the racetrack in the wet. Simple as.  I can still understand Russell's reaction afterwards though. These things happen in milliseconds - faster than the human brain can fully register, adrenaline is pumping & crashing like that is a huge shock to the system. Don't be too harsh on the lad, especially now that he's apologised.
Great analysis - really adds to it with a driver's view vs just a fan. I agree that most drivers that would rather not just give up the position would do what Bottas did - it made for a difficult situation for Russell but it's still not Bottas' fault. With the drying line surrounded by water it's a tricky phase to overtake and ultimate as long as the defending driver doesn't doing anything that isn't allowed it's up the the overtaking driver to make a clean and safe overtake.
I think this show how good the top drivers with judging when to make passes in difficult conditions. It highlights how well Hamilton drove coming through the field with a half dry track
For me its all Russel
On 49th lap Hamilton was in similar situation with Sainz, but there wasn't crash because Lewis backed off
Was Russell's fault. Following racing and dry line isn't a criminal. Bottas did "respect the speed"  and didn't go to the wet part of the track. Russell was panicked and turned a bit more, put his tyre onto the grass and spun.
The track is going left, Bottas leaves more then a car's lenght. Russel had room left. Russels fault for me for sure.
Kimi is the only one that knows and he's not going to say.
Bottas is at fault for being anywhere near george, after 20 laps in his drs he was bound to attempt an overtake especially on batts whose seat hes after, is senna would say if your don't go for it your no longer a race. . Was just a racing incident I believe, but you can't blame george for going for it as anyone would have in his position
I was just wondering if Russel did close his DRS when he was on the wet line could the incident have not happened due to the fact that he would have more downforce on the rear ?
In racing language :   "Bottas : Ok then, if you want to do that you'll have to figure it out in the wet. Russell : Alright mate I'll take that chanc....FUCK."
Reporter: Kimi as you where behide the bottas, Russel accident who do you believe is to blame? Kimi: bwoah I don't think it really matters.
He did gave him a car's width, just not the dry part of the track.
In a big scary crash like this, pointing the finger is useless. The main thing is that both driver are ok
By watching the kimi onboard, we see the true racing line. Bottas was even more to the left. He left space for GR
Russell
I am new to f1, but can someone explain to me why russel crash into bottas at the left,but the tyre that loss traction is the right one, why the car don't go to wall although the left tyre is the one that still have the traction
I don't buy the 60-40 thing... Bottas did nothing wrong. Russel would have done the same in Bottas's position.
Look at Kimis line. He is even more right than Bottas. 100% Russell’s fault.
It seems that most racing drivers thick Russell is at fault, while fans think it’s Bottas.
The only let down, is Rusel’s reaction. That was THE NONO!!!
I have a hard time coming to any kind of conclusion that it's on Bottas. This was on Russell and his tantrum after the fact should really open the eyes of Mercedes. Fast or not, he's not mature enough for that drive.
Debating the fault is really moot, both could have made a different choice, and gotten into points. Both chose the greedy option and got nothing.
I went on foot on that track in early 2000’s and I wouldn’t drive there more than 90 km/h. It’s scary how narrow it is.
1) It's a disgrace that Bottas was in that position at all, losing ground to a Williams car, on lap 32, driving a Mercedes without damage... 2) These are supposed to be the best of the best, you don't get spooked at that level 3) Right after the apex of turn 1, Bottas is still fully ahead, he could have taken the racing line and gone straight to the right legally. But he gave plenty of room. 4) Russell went all the way on the white line. It's at that point you can hear the rpm climb steeply. At that point, he has probably more than 1m between him and Bottas so he's more to the right than needed.  Conclusion: At least, it's 100% Russell's fault. He made a mistake. Should have owned up to it...  ...and Callum, this is racing mate, not a Sunday stroll in the park...
While watching the race live, I thought Russell's engine malfunctioned (just like the way Latifi spun in Bahrain that was caused by a lot of torque coming in suddenly), the way the engine suddenly revved up in 8th gear at while already achieving 90%/more of it's potential didn't seem like a normal thing to happen just bc he had drs and rain.
For me it's an unfortunate racing accident. Russell saw a gap an took it, which driver wouldn't. Bottas defended and gave just enough space, which driver wouldn't. I think Race Control allowed DRS just a bit too early which ultimately led to the crash due to the higher speed on a wetter part of the track. Hamilton/Norris pass were much later in the race, so conditions were a bit better.
Not Bottas's fault. Look at the dry line in the centre of that part of the track.Bottas was following the dry line and Russell lost rear traction on the right rear, being on the wet outside part of the track.
Russell 80/20
Kimi's steering wheel is always tilted left but the car is drifting out right. Fast, that's all i got.. quick physics
Thanks for not titling the video "pro driver reviews bottas's crash!!"
The main context here is they're going over 200mph into the corner (I think that's what Russell said) and they're making split second decisions.  Russell has the right to go for an overtake, Bottas has the right to defend. Sure, it''s wet and Russell could have factored that in - but plenty of drivers made a move there and made it stick. Bottas could have left more space so George didn't dip a wheel onto the wet grass which sent him flying.  I want to put more blame on Bottas because how is someone in the fastest car needing to genuinely defend from someone in one of the slowest, you should have never been in the same part of the track apart from lapping him. Bottas couldn't let his pride be overtaken by Russell and the crash was an easier way to go.
they both made a move and whoevers at fault, is it worth the crash? I don't think so
This was purely on GR. It just shows cracks in the maturity level & he’s not ready to ascend to the Silver Arrow seat. It’s just stupid driving to expect someone the level of a VB to just move and say here ya go. He was asking for it and VB was just collateral in an incident that could have been completely avoided.
I am very angry of what Toto said: Russel should not race against a Mercedes car! In fact, he said any young driver should not be allowed to race for positions! "Let them race!" but only for the top teams? This is questionable and manipulates the sport! This deserves a discussion!
5:26 that's what I've been saying. I guess that's why it got put off as a racing incident
Russel 100% and his behaviour after the crash was unsportsmanlike and not impressive at all. Bottas could have been injured, his car was on fire, instead of going over to help, he just thought it was a great idea to have a spat. Not impressed at all!
Let’s see if you guys did your homework and looked at Hamilton passing Calos, Charles and Lando in the same situation
Fair analysis.
You have to leave da space! All the time you have to leave da space!
Look at the white line in the centre of the track.
Before Watching: 100% George Fault...!! After Watching: They made Some really valid points and i do find Russell was very brave. but i still believe 100% Russells fault
good analysis, you can also see Raikonen goes towards the right to prepare for the turn, Russel had room yet he went over on to the grass
To me, in dry, yes. In the wet, not exactly. I think Valtteri was so shocked that George would take such a move on a part of the track that had so little grip, he kind of panicked, which invoked the small little twitch that threw George off. By FIA standards, the incident is George's fault, but by an F1 driver's standards, it's Valtteri's fault due to his failure to detect George there, and making sure not to make any strange movements within that fraction of a section to invoke a potential crash.
Botas didn't even push him to the line. Russell could've stayed much closer to him and didn't. I think this is just a racing incident.
Why Verstappen's move to push Hamilton out of the track in the second corner isn't considered illegal? I thought you had to give the space if another car is already beside you entering a corner.
Look at Botas's front right tyre position relative to the white line. In one frame he is on the left of it and the other frame he is on the right if it. He muat have turned slightly right).
Botas was on the near side of the track and moved over and over and over
Btw. . Watch the footage on Russell's on-board again...  if... he was spooked by a movement from Bottas... he would make a steering movement...   he absolutely didn't! His steering wheel is straight,even when his car shot left
Please Have a look when HAM passed SAI after restart, that was a fair and safe line from SAI not Bottas's
Russell got scared and could not handle being on the edge in terms of gaps..... yes he touched the grass, u can hear the rpms incrementing ...  "You have to leave a space" 🤣
Bottas' fault. Can't wait until he loses his seat that he's so clearly unworthy of.
I thought at the time Mercedes was just doing that to make up for Lewis going off course. The red Flag allows him to gain a HUGE advantage back after he went off course.
The excuses the other guy came up with to justify Russell are laughable. 100% Russell's fault.
We can watch it in slomo, but for Russel, in that speed with DRS on, Bottas veering to the right  must looked scarry. Russel only had split second to decide. Unfortunately things not going his way. Just a racing accident in my opinion. No ones to blame.
Where in the rules does it say you have to give extra space if the track is damp? Russel shouldn't be trying to overtake at 190mph in the wet if he gets spooked that easily
As we saw, the conditions were very difficult for all the drivers. I would also say, that this is a racing incident. Russel looked like he was just hoping for bottas to give up the position, which is a bad move, your discussion at the end of the video talks about that. On the other hand, we don't know how far bottas would have steered to the outside, if russel stayed on track. In the last frame of russels view, you can see bottas right front tyre crossing the pit line. I don't see a cars width there left for russel.
it's 100% bottas' fault. one cannot be that slow in a merc to be attacked by a williams.
The left-kink is such a tricky part because it makes the road disappear faster than you expect it. Bottas is just trying to stay on the dry and Russells missjudged it completly. For me blaming Bottas for doing some moves is just searching for some excuses and not taking responsibility.
Racing incident. There was a higher risk to pass there, which George undertook.
Russels mistake. A slap on the the fingers is suitable.
This one is very difficult. I know Bottas is defending, but he widened the line a bit more than expected at the kink, and then he turns left a bit too late. Yes, he lets a car's space, but going at 330 km/h with a wet track and the kink to the left, I feel it's not enough. The rest is just Russell maybe taking too much risks and being a bit reckless, but I can understand it though. You see the gap, a possibility to get points with the Williams, and you go for it.
It always seemed to me that Bottas wasn’t sure Russell was there until he turns more slightly to the left just before the accident. I can agree with how Russell misjudged Bottas’s driving, but that’s the crux for me. Still Russells fault.
I get the idea behind having a long time F1 enthusiast along with you in this video. It makes your views (as a driver) when you put across while trying to answer questions here much more clear and crisp to understand. It felt like a demo session on that track with a car really 👍
When your showing the reply can you make it full screen. Hard to see what your talking about  @driver61
The fact that there’s discussion of an incident for position between Mercedes and Williams, is something that should be discussed more at length.
When I saw this live, I assumed Russell went over to Bottas to apologize. When I saw Russell was angry and Bottas flip him off, I was really disappointed that Russell would confront Bottas like that after such a big crash. Clearly Russell was convinced he saw what he did, but quite frequently drivers (especially more experienced drivers) understand that what they felt on track was not quite what the replay would tell them later. Sainz said recently that he gets upset on track then realizes after seeing the replay that usually he would have done the same thing as the other driver did. I think Russell will learn from this and keep better control of his emotions. I've seen replays of this particular crash dozens of times now and I don't see where Bottas did anything wrong. In fact, I think most drivers, including Russell, would have handled this similar to what Bottas did...  actually, I think we all could think of several drivers (some no longer in F1 at the moment!) who wouldn't have left as much room as Bottas did. Stewards were right in calling it a racing incident and Russell simply needs to learn from this. Love your videos, btw.
Fighting a driver who is much faster than you to the very limit is not very smart.  Only 2 things can happen:  1 he will eventually get passed.  2 he will be eliminated by a crash.  Plenty of drivers can comprehend this situation: think Prost or Lauda.
Russel lost control on his car. Bottas was defending as supposed to be. 100/0 Russel's fault
Racing Incident, less time to think to much speed to carry-on ..
No. Next...
I think what disturbed and spooked Russel is that Bottas trajectory is going straight to the grass and he turns last minute to follow the track. Russel keeps his margin with Bottas thinking he will put him the grass, that's the reason why Russel got wide and put his wheels in the wet. Bottas showed no intention to change course until the last minute. Of course, I don't really blame him because he has the right too !   But in retrospect it seems like an excessive and desperate defensive move probably pulled out of frustration.  I don't really blame Russel either because the speed differential is huge and you probably know that at those speed the slightest correction on the wheel can translate in bigger trajectory change (what i mean is that small input on the wheel in that situation can easily lead to a meter wider line rather than a smaller more "precise" move). The only solution would have been to back out of it a little bit but I doubt any other driver would have done differently.
I only see an English discussion on this, it's absolutely staggering that everone over there seems to be trying to defend Russell.   Bottas is driving on the race line, it's the only part of the track which is dry for crying out loud.  There's enough room for Russel, who moved into the grass and fucked up.
russell mistake
I think Russel chickened out. I agree with Driver61. Russel should maintained his position on track and not exceeded the track given it is wet on the grass
Racing incident. Russel was rash but brave and perhaps a little careless.
Is DRS an ON/OFF button? I mean once Russell engages the DRS button is he committed all the way to the entry of the 3rd corner? Once he sees that Bottas is narrowing the track on him, does Russell has the ability to turn the DRS off? Because, hitting the brakes at that speed with slicks on a partially wet track is not an option.
Honestly for a track that has killed so many drivers in the past, it should be closed permanently! This crash could’ve killed someone!! What if we had lost one of them?! Get rid of the dangerous tracks! And all those street circuits!
People thinks Bottas fault People thinks George fault Me thinks How williams passing a Mercedes
Bottas' fault.
Bottas definitely squeezed him but he wasn't at fault for the incident... Russell was totally to blame
It was a high risk move considering the situation of the race. But, it was not a wrong move. So, I feel it's just a racing incident, where both the drivers did what was their right.
If Somebody knows race and physical dinamic it's clear to see that Bottas change his race line and take the middle of the track. Really unsportsmanlike from valtteri
How much is Bottas to blame? Watch other drivers taking this straight-curved line, they all keep to left and run on the dry spot unless they defend. He went to the right and he did it with a slight extra move to off-balance the charging Russel.  How much is Russel to blame? Look at his selected speed, late dive. He had plenty of space on the left and he was not prepeared for Bottas squeezing him off to the right. He made a rooky mistake.  I would say they both contributed to the accident and here Russel had the major part.  60-40.  Will they be penalized? Bottas lost 1-2 points by dropping out of the race but this little theater gave Hamilton 19. Without SC/redflag he probably would have been lapped by everyone.
I think that Russel Just had in mind that Senna words when he was about to overtake Bottas
Spectacularly bad career move by Russel a week after Toto Wolff said he would never again tolerate aggravation between teammates.
I don’t think a defensive move is smart when that kind of closing speed is involved,  especially when he pushed him into the wet track and/or grass,   If this isn’t bottas’ fault then DRS needs to go
I wonder what would've happened if Russell was quick enough to go down the inside instead of the outside given the drivers know that the kink is there and you naturally drift wide to prepare for the braking zone.
Obviously it is Russell’s fault, Botha’s was just following the dry line and anyway Bottas doesn’t have a personality in which he would want to hurt any other person.
Awesome discussion, I'd love to see more of these. Keep it up :)
But question ...Bottas is still allowed to defend his position once he leaves enough room right so even if he defended his position slightly on the “straight” once he didn’t move multiple times or leave too little room wouldn’t it still be George’s fault? Because he did have more than a cars with to pass he just dropped it on the wet part.
Were the Merc the one passing at this speed, the Williams would be expected yield.
I find it interesting that the mentality was that Bottas was not thinking about his race and taking a risk pushing Russell wide and not Russell not thinking about his race and trying to make a risky move due to the difficult conditions stick. It shows a clear bias toward Russell. Its a cut and dry racing incident. Not Bottas' fault, not Russells fault.
Yes, you fight as hard as possible. That's that. is that not the point of this sport.
I don't blame either of them for the crash but I do think Russell has been a bit out of line since then. Immediately lashing out isn't cool. I don't see how he can be so sure he's not at fault when even analysts with slowmo aren't 100% sure.
A still wet track,very slippery lines,colder tires, bottas didnt move from the line.. as he should...  Russell risked it all by pushing on the wet,with his right tires on the line (grass) .. the crash was all on him.... but I don't see no fault from both,...its racing,high risk racing...
can we just appreciate here that George was overtaking a Mercedes in a Williams!!!! #GiveGeorgeTheSeat
For my brain its like a Williams was about to take on a mercedes😅😅
Just make a comparison with how Hamilton took over Leclerc and Norris in the same spot... then you will find the answer easily....
Bottas gave him room end of story.
I'm not sure there's a blame to apportion here, but I don't think there's anything for Bottas to answer for.
I'm not a fan of Botas, but he was on the dry line and he is not the one to move away fro it. If Russel wants to pass, he needs to get in to the wet. It's a matter of assessment and risk managing. Russell's faul 100%
look where the dry line is on the track. Had Bottas gone any farther to the left he would be on the wet patch, locked up under breaking, and gone straight through the corner and taken them both out. He was as far left as reasonable. Russel over reacted as Bottas opened the wheel up to follow the dry line and put his wheels on the paint and lost it. Russell had to go for the move, and Bottas defended reasonably. it was a racing incident. everything that happened afterwards was just unnecessary bs.
bottas' fault for getting overtaken by a williams lol
Russell's fault. Tried the move on wet part and shouldnt get startled by small movements of racing cars as a racing driver.
Racing incident. If anyone is at fault it's probably more on Russel than it is on Bottas.
Russell is not at fault. DRS literally makes him a lot faster . Is the same as pulling in front of a ambulance with the lights on, only idiots do it. Botas chose to close in those conditions know it was wet, he was slower, no grip and Rusell was on DRS.
I think this is clearly a 60/60 incident. On the one hand, Bottas technically left enough space, and it was Russels responsibility to predict the grip on the track. On the other hand, to my untrained eye as a enthusiast not a driver, Bottas did some kind of jink, whether intentional or not, that had the effect of pushing Russell a bit futher over that he otherwise would have gone. And lets be clear, if Russell was not making a move on a Bottas going that slow he'd be yet another backmarker with no potential. So Russell *had* to make the move, and Bottas *had* to defend it. They both should have known this and driven accordingly. 60:60 split.
Bottas came over too far for the conditions.  Russell's closing speed made it a necessity to pull to the right.
Russell's fault I think, he lost it on the wet part of the track.
Bottas cannot know if the rival’s drs opened at this moment or not. And the difference in speed was too much to be able to judge the situation just looking in the mirrors. I think Russel was just too optimistic.
Nope. Russell at fault
He's not allowed to jink right. He did. The sporting regulations *do* cover corner events where the behaviour is deemed to be inherently dangerous. *Rule 4.2.4*. The rules about what happens on straights are separately defined because drivers complained things should be different on a straight as to in a corner - that thinking is stupid (Jackie Stewart's words, not mine), but they did actually complain about it. (Correction: a separate rule for the straights has been removed for 2021) The rules are already very strict for corners, the rules for straights do (did) not mean corner rules do not exist; they do! It was not an "opening up" of the steering, but a deliberate move according to telemetry. How this was written off as a racing incident is a mystery. Toto Wolff's words are not relevant. Nor are Bottas or Russel's words. Telemetry says Bottas made a dangerous, potentially fatal, move. If the stewards will do nothing, we should protest by not buying Bottas or FIA merchandise.
Russels foult
Turn one is totally different...max has the position in the corner... About bottas is easy to see...Look at the line and look bottas previous laps, he doesn't go over the line....
This is no different than Hamilton's mistake. If you're trying to overtake in a damp track, you should be aware of the dry/wet line and go for it only if you have enough grip off the line. The driver in front does not have to give you any more space just because it's wet.  Russell fault = 100%  Bottas fault = 0%
yeah, but where is Bottas's onboard?
does it have to be one or the others fault? imo its just a racing incident not much else it in. George was always gonna go for the move bottas was slowly moving over and george hit a damp patch / grass and lost the rear. 50 - 50  also one thing ive not seen very many ppl talk about is that why is bottas fighting george in the first place? him in a merc should not be fighting george in a williams
Kimi behind them, bwoah take it easy kids.
-russel in slipstream, bottas kissing inside line.... -russel pulls out, bottas is 2/3 to the right side...  slow motion at 300 kph... bottas moved last second and caused the crash in the span of 2-3 seconds. he made that decision to squeeze russel
It's either George's fault or a racing incident for me. The real takeaways are that George acts like a child without getting held accountable, and that George has STILL squandered every chance he's had at points in the Williams.
60/40 Russell, if I had to choose someone. However I do feel that it is a racing incident that had catastrophic implications afterwards. Also wanted to say awesome idea for a video series as there is often much debate around incidents such as these, keep it up!
Button was a wounded shark in chummy waters. Russel had a run, Bottas Squezed him, (kinda tight for wet track with new slicks) the squeeze was late.  Russel was already fully next to him.   Russel's problem is he has a touch of a tantrum and keeps the throttle pinned on the wet.  and spins it up and takes him out.. almost to prove he was squeezed.   he should of lifted, to reduce wheelspin, and should of kept driving the car. Bottas left a cars width... he should of left more.   Bottas was dumb, Russel made it worse.  both at fault.  Bottas for Initial, Russel for making it worse.
As other drivers have commented, Russel has to move as far right as possible because you don't know what Bottas will do. Just because there is cars width plus a tiny bit doesn't mean Bottas wont pinch Russel even more. With the combination of DRS, slicks and moving from the dry area to the wet part of the track probably caused Russel to move a few centimeters more to the right then he intended which is all it took for the accident to happen. The problem for Bottas is that because Russel had DRS and such a large speed advantage, that he was never going to be able to defend his position with the distance left before the next corner. Even though I still see it as a 55-45 for Russel, the move from Bottas was completely unnecessary and is a huge reason as to why this crash happened.
Totally Russell's fault.
It was a damp track. Bottas did nothing else than follow the dry line and Russell chose to go to the wet part.
Mazepin's fault 100%
Who cares if russel got scared? Who cares if it’s wet? It’s Russell’s fault. And good for him too. He’s willing to crash for p8. Let everybody know.
Racing accident happens, does someone have to be at be fault? ...both drivers have some culpability  so it's a race, two drivers wanting the same spot.
95% George 5% Bottas  Bottas knows the conditions, he should have stayed to the left considering how much room he did have. But he had every right to move as far right as he did.  Racing incident. Nothing more. Nothing less.
Bottas gave Russel more then enough room... but Russel doesn't utilise that room afforded to him, PANICS and loses it. The fact that Russel got 'spooked' means that he bottled it and from that point on was no longer in control of the car.
Calum must be hallucinating. He's seeing things which didn't happen. Even though it was Russell's fault I wouldnt really criticize him for it. It's a normal racing incident.  Russell's behavior after the accident showed really bad character.  If I were in Mercedes F1 management : I'd be wary of signing him.
Racing incident
It's Bottas fault, or better his engineer did not warn him well enough that Russel was closing very quickly! Or maybe Bottas fell asleep as usual, just waking up when it was too late; his move was too intentional when Russel was on a full DRS charge, anybody would have got a scare. Why I am not surprised  anyway! Don't agree with his bashing but I can understand why it happened! :D
I think Russel took an unnecessary risk and lost it by touching grass, and I do think he wanted to make a statement by passing Bottas and proving that he is deserving of a Mercedes seat, but that is speculation.
all this does not change the fact that a Williams was overtaking a Mercedes
I think all of this overanalysing of mistakes and obsessing about who is to blame is not good for the sport. Let the racers race, and let racing incidents be racing incidents!
You can't blame bottas for Russell panicking on the wet road
Vettel did a similar thing to Button at Spa 2010 at the Bust Stop but that was his fault completely as Button took the inside early doors and never flinched, Bottas jinked enough to spook Russell who was already committed!
their boss said it best: it takes two to tangle.
It’s a cars width but it’s wet. That’s not Bottas at fault, it is 100% Russel. Bottas left the space, Russel lost control. You also admitted Bottas went to the edge of legality, saying that Bottas should have been more careful makes no difference.
What a load of crap .who cares .talking for talking sake here
Russel is also becoming a quite dislikable character. 100% his fault...
Looks like another crash gate to bring out the red flag, to save Hamilton's race after he binned it into the wall.
Bottas is following the dry line the entire time. He may not know how close Russell is but he is entitled to defend the racing line i.e stay on the dry part. There was still more than a car's width between them but of course going at 330km/h margins are a lot smaller. I think Russell got spooked a binned it and his reaction was over the top. I'm sorry but the fanatic seems more interested in defending Russell rather than accepting that Bottas is allowed to fight for his position by following his line. He didn't take it right to the edge either, there was always room and he has every right to make Russell fight to his position. The position they are fighting for and the track conditions are irrelevant as said above. I don't think either should be penalised but Russell definitely is more at fault.
I call it more of a case of Russel's bad luck than Bottas' fault. Or anyone's fault. I still really want to see it as a racing incident. Bottas defended a bit - as one would; Russel went for the overtake - as one should; but Russel did indeed step ont he wet side and that ends up being his fault. Did bottas close in a bit too much?... I can't say he did. Did Russel over-extend his line?... Under normal circumstances I can't say he did. But it was wet and he was unlucky. Racing incident imo, tho the spin was Russel's bad luck. edit: something else that came to mind is that Russel didn't expect Bottas to defend as much. Whose fault is that? Again... I don't know if I can pin it on any of them given the circumstances.
Was Bottas at Fault?   Yes!
At first I thought it was a racing incident, but if you look at 3:05 at Bottas angle of his car, you can clearly see he is on his way to push Russel completely off the track, and has been for a couple of frames
I like how u just get all the facts wrong... Both of them are at fault in this situation as both of them are in front of Kimi        Jokes aside.... Bottas was innocent and Russel slapping his helmet was kindda rude
Look at Kimi what line he uses in the kink. Same as Bottas because that's where the racing line (and dry line) is. And Bottas gave space for George afterwards. . This was for position, why would Bottas care if George is on the wet? Not his problem. Clearly wasn't Russells either half a lap before, when he didn't care about making Lewis lap him in the wet. 100% Russells fault imo. Imagine if this was Mazepin or Grosjean instead of him, everybody would blame them I think.
Neither was at fault. Russell made an error in judgment/driving. This is a slam dunk for me. Bottas gave Russell plenty of room.
This pro driver opinion is completely messed up. What are his pro qualifications. How many races had he won, at what level. Bottas ran Russell off!
Who's at fault? Partly more Russel but not granted the reaction and comments Toto made. What Russel said I think is true. He had the opportunity which was relatively easily, Bottas move so Russel he had to move which he did maybe a bit too much but at those speeds is huge he hit a wet patch not even grass (Yes look at the FIA incident report) and slid which anyone would have done. Again unluck him vs bottas.  I think it was a FAIR overtake which in dry conditions he would have been applauded gotta love the hypocrisy. Also Toto saying to not race a Mercedes like that is totally unjustifiably and stupid. Technically he is saying to cheat and let Mercedes have an advantage. Makes no sense what Toto comments were but yet again we aren't in the office to know what was really said we just take media comments.
Russell was too impatient...
Russel is still young and may have panicked. He thought VB would just let him go or something.
It definitely shows a rare crack in Russels maturity. This incident and mainly his reaction shows he needs to mature still.
This is a simple situation STOP complaining this accident. Bottas is at fault and don’t deserve to driving for the works team.
Russel 100% also it's super douche to act like he did. He should be fired.
in the heat of the moment every driver blames it on the other car, i wouldnt read much into that. and i dont think anyone is at fault, bottas left him a cars width, but the edge of that width was sadly wet making russel loose control, but even knowing that the edges are wet, we cant really say russel shouldnt have gone for it, he had DRS, he obviously had the speed. if not for the conditions literally nothing wouldve happened, i think this is the definition of a racing incident.
Bottas was just following the racing line, and leaving more than a cars width on the outside. No fault for him. Russell clearly wanted to be a hero and overtake a Mercedes in a Williams, but it backfired massively. To people who say Bottas moved, the circuit there is not straight, to keep speed and momentum you have to follow the curve of the track. Bottas did not swerve, he just followed the natural circuit line smoothly.
If there was no halo merc would have to look for a new driver after this one.
NO
100% Russel fault, he tries to overtake on a wet line on slicks, Russel is not a smart man
Bottas gave the space, he has no reason to make the pass attempt look inviting, only to give whats required, the space was there, and Russel took a risk. It unfortunately didnt pan out for either driver. But they're racing drivers whether its fighting for 1st or 15th, a racing driver is always going to try and pass if theres an opening, just like he would defend his position as hard as he's able. Its understandably scary, but this is why there arent hundreds of active F1 drivers, only 20, its not something many can do.
No one's fault, per se. But 100% Russell's mistake.   Bottas did NOT move. He took the natural racing line of the left kink that is Turn 1. He drifts towards the right as this is the natural racing line at this speed (visible by the dry part).  Bottas left plenty of space left AND right from him. Russell did NOT touch the grass in fact.  He lost control on the very wet part of the pit exit lane. (listen to the engine at 0.25x speed)   Stewards came to the same conclusion.
Racing Incident imo. Neither are at fault or the cause. Variable conditions + close racing will eventually lead to an accident.
Both onboards show different things
I'm afraid it was not Bottas's fault. Historically Bottas has never been known to make reckless moves.
It's Toto's fault. If Russell was in the Mercedes (like he should since 2020), he would be way ahead and nothing of this would happen.
Your taking the piss if you really think it was Botas fault, it's like the debating team at school when you get the side of the argument that everyone knows is wrong but you try to convince everyone anyway of something you know simply isn't true.... Hahah love the video guys keep up the good work 👍😂
Before I watch your video I completely disagree with everyone who said this was 50/50 even before Wolf said why not 60/40. Bottas have embraced responsibility for causing this  accident, without Bottas moving to the extreme left and then moving to the right to block Russell this accident would not have occurred. I understand it would be embarrassing for Bottas for Russell to overtake on track which might lead to Russell overtaking his seat at Mercedes but you don’t do that to another driver at 200 mph especially in the wet.
Love the breakdown, but it would help if you could put your faces in the smaller frame and the race in the larger frame. It's almost impossible to see what you're talking about when looking at Kimi's onboard, especially on a phone.
I'd say 50/50 because Russel probably didn't expect Bottas to move to the right and Bottas probably thought that because he moved to the right Russel wouldn't risk a DNF.
Watch Russels onboard at half speed an LISTEN! His engines revs as soon as he gets on the wet part of the track.  Russel lost control of his car far before he potentially hit the grass.
In America and SCCA racing which I have competed in for over 35 years, it is always the overtaking drivers RESPONSIBILITY to make a safe pass. So really no discussion once you remember the rules.
F1 enthusiast probably watched Drive to survive to get all his knowledge what a fking joke Russell should learn a important lesson of being patient
Bottas was actually right on the racing dry line. It's because of the track layout that the line goes a bit from left to right
Bottas is going from all the way left to two thirds over on the right side of the track WHILE being overtaken. How is that acceptable?
just racing incident. Bottas defend was fair while Russell had reason to take the change because closing speed was huge
Gentleman thank you so much for the great insight
Russell should calm down and not attempt to overtake on a wet part of the track. He has the ability to lift and avoid the whole situation. Live to fight another day seems to be a hard lesson for many young drivers to learn.
the real question is WHY NO BOTTAS ON BOARD! Fuck mercedes mafia...
I'd say it's racing incident, but more Russell side not taking into account the risk and touching grass himself, and being aggressive after for no reason, was never gonna keep the place anyway
Russel fanboy defending hard
My view on this, isn't it weird that this even happened? valteri in a Mercedes is scrapping over for 8/9/10th place....
Russell was a bit overconfident trying to take a chance there. But looking at the still at 2:06 you can see Bottas' right front tyre is also off the racing line and in the wet. It wasn't necessary to push Russell off THIS far. Bottas 60, Russell 40
I am a huge fan of Russel, I can't stand Mercedes or Bottas, but that was George's fault. Sure, Bottas COULD have moved over to the left further, but he was ahead.
lol bottas fault??? bottas trys to give him space and russel hits grass cos he couldnt hold his nerve, which is understandable considering the speed theyre at at that part of the track
Even Russell agrees now. No argument to be had,  Russell's fault.
In what universe lies the majority of the fault on Bottas. George eats grass with his front right and destroys Bottas, because he got a little spooked. Imagine him racing the likes of Lewis or Max. 'please give me space and let me overtake good sirs'. Other guy also brings up completely irrelevant points, most idiotic one is, 'At whAt PoINt Do YoU nOt raCe ThIs HaRd, ItS p8'. I get it man, you are a Russell fan, but all these useless remarks that have nothing to do with the incident are laughable.
Great analysis guys!
Wow thanks for you non pro input 🤦😂🤣
Russel was overtaking and was not in reasonable view of Bottas i.e. far enough up in the passing maneuver to be visible. It was a driving incident, but a full car width on the track was available to Russel. It was definitely Russel that was most at fault in this incident.
Russell fault bottas need to follow that line for the next corner , it’s not his fault it’s wet , miss judgement from Russel , he got away with a lucky overtake against him in Bahrain if bottas wanted to hit him he could have there , for me bottas actually kinked left on kimis onboard just before contact
Here's a lesson, when you fucked up hugely, show maximum rage and point finger to the other one, the fanboys can be easily fooled and the press love storys.    Rus again showed his true nature, a pretentious whinning fool with poor judgement and little self control.    0 point for williams in 3years and beaten by half kubica and full latifi.(not counting the merc points)
First things first. Why Bottas even was there ... cmon Williams overtaking Merc? It's a thing to sink in for Bottas IMO
All on Russell
Jinking at high speed is standard F1 practice. And guess what, sometimes it's gonna cause a massive accident as it did here. I actually think it's unacceptable but everyone seems to do it so it's a little difficult to sympathise with either of them that they were taken out or put in danger.
Also everyone thinking the grass caused it isn't listening to the audio
Its russel’s fault, but i blame bottas
Shame there's no Bottas POV footage. But it was a big shunt and if FIA had found anything in Bottas' behaviour they would have had him for causing a collision. No investigation so assume there was nothing there and also nothing on Russell to say he was deliberate or reckless. I guess combination of racing and conditions. If it had been dry they would have been fine. Also, if Bottas did move, was that his one allowed move? Personally I think this whole thing came from Russell's wishful thinking... You can't blame him for having a go though.
I'm surprised Scott thinks it's not 100 percent Russells fault. Trying to pass on a kinked straight with slicks with DRS KNOWING the off racing line is wet ... an idiot driver would know that was a stupid stupid pass. I watched it live in real time and literary said out loud "they are going to crash" the moment I saw Russ commit to the overtake. I'm a nobody and even I saw this happening... What is Russ's excuse?
Not sure it was really the fault of one more than the other (and I don't know everything there is to know so don't crucify me lol) but is it just me or does Bottas just keep going to the right? Even the angle of his car for the next left hander was pointing more out to the right than it seems he needed to?
previous to this video I thought it was 80-90% Russell's fault, but I didn't know until this video DRS was available at that time in the race, that makes the fault 100% with Bottas as Russell was then driving exactly as he should have been in that situation and then Bottas leaves the dry line and pushes Russell into the much less safe wet line and because of the loss of traction Russell couldn't even brake by that point as he'd already lost control, now knowing DRS was at play and with Bottas knowing defending like that would force the other driver into the wet line at such high speeds in my mind not only makes Bottas 100% at fault but also elevates his action to dangerous and reckless, no wonder Russell was furious I would be as well
I think it's Russell's fault, wet track, whether you like it or not, you can't do the same speeds and overtakes that you can on a dry track, this is an easy call.
well ... where is bottas pilot view recording ??  until that is also available it is bottas fault 100%
Breakdown the Rosberg-Hamilton crash from Spain 2016
You don’t realise that George wouldn’t know that bottas was going to leave him a cars length, it was a quick movement to the right around a corner then pulled to the left. George wouldn’t have know he was going to move back to the right.
The move from Bottas to the right seems to be mainly just bottas taking control of the racing line, which he can do according to the rules (he's ahead). This racing line is goes to the right due to the kink and the subsequent left-hander. Maybe he's taken to this line a little faster than he would usually, but that's only normal when you're defending your position.  In these conditions, Russel should have been aware that the space available on the track for an overtake effectively is reduced. If you're stuck behind another car, explore the grip levels away from the racing lines if possible, in any possible overtaking zone, prior to overtaking. Max Verstappen and Hamilton do this in the wet. If you're afraid to do this exploring, an overtake is out of the question, and if you find out the grip needed for an overtake is not there, well there's your answer. Given that Russell and Bottas were both on slicks, Russel should have known better.  Russels behaviour and comments after the incident were a complete trainwreck to be honest. Very unprofessional.
Even if it was Bottas fault, George's behavior is despicable. This kind of behavior has not it's place in f1
Butass needs to go..
Russel spineds wheel before get on grass he spined wheels on wet track part... Russle would spined wheel if botas was more left on taht line 100% becouse it was so wet there.
Bottas clearly went over the middle white line into Russell,s line, pushing him onto the grass and subsequent crash. He should be fined. Common Driver61 look and see from 2min7 seconds to 2min8 seconds only 1 second later and Bottas is over the line pushing Russel off track and causing the crash
To me it’s a racing incident as this track with all these factors especially with the kink and wet conditions, an incident was bound to happen. To me wet conditions are like mudders in supercross where the track is changing and one line that could be fast at the beginning is used so much where you have to open up your choices gradually and set it up in your head how you as a racer are gonna affect the track, whether it’s ruts in supercross or drying the racing line in F1. My question though is why was Bottas there to begin with in a Mercedes cause while he didn’t have a good Quali, he was dropping back struggling to even make points. You get to a point where you pick and choose your battle and it’s the same argument I’ve had about the Verstappen Ocon incident. Just because you CAN battle with another driver doesn’t mean you SHOULD. he always talks about how it’s his year but battling with a Williams when you’re on the team that’s won the past 7 seasons, you’re risking a guaranteed points finish over a potential points finish if that makes any sense
I just think it was crazy that Leclerc didn’t have Radio for over half the race
You can also see the dry line right in front of Bottas’s car, why should he drive in the wet instead of the dry line! It’s not his responsibility to drive off the line to allow Russell to pass!
Russel’s fault, and it is fairly obvious. But hey, I am not an ‘F1 Enthusiast’, so what do I know ?
Bottas was keeping in the dry which came out to the center of the track. The following red car was taking the same track as Bottas that was dry... Russel was taking the "rogue" path into the wet. I think Russel hadn't realized he was getting into trouble.
Russel took a risk, not Bottas. So Russel is guilty. Bottas is just in a bad situation which Russel created for him.
Not much into F1 racing soo can anyone answer what is the middle white line for?, If it's the width of the allowed space for a car to overtake then I see that bottas is passing the white line which could possibly make russel scared that bottas may crash into him
F1 fans, how much drama do you want to see?  Imola: Yes
Russel
To put this on Bottas is just wrong, at no point he changed his line though how one defines this at a turn is, of course, a grey area. The driver can always excuse this move by saying he understeered his way to the edge but even if there was no understeer how could that count as changing a line where you are just shifting the angle to turn less? Not to mention the gap was wider than a car so Bottas was a total gentleman when it comes to giving him a chance... As you said it is Russell's onus to predict and deal with the track's conditions so saying Bottas has to be "more careful" when squeezing his opponents just because the track is wet is just bullshit.
For me it’s a truly 60/40 split, it relies whether or not Bottas turned his wheel towards Russell
Russel fault he had the room and dropped a wheel. Whenever I'm racing and been in a similar position I will move right to the edge and if contact because there wasn't a cars width so be it. I think he was too focused on bottas and not the slight left hander that they were on
Didn't Hamilton over take Lando Norris in the same way and in the same spot near the end of the grand prix? Lando didn't fight and made it to the end. Bottas clearly didn't give enough of a car's width, did he. I was so relieved that both of them were able to walk away from this without any issue.
bottas🤡
Including someone to defend Russel for the sake of an artificial debate makes no sense. Would like to see Russel take Barichello's place in hungary 2010 and see how he will handle getting "spooked" into the wall. His behavior after even seeing all the footage is inexcusable.
the new rookie kids in f1 this year makes things a bit annoying.
My opinion is a 60/40 or maybe even 70/30 on Russel.
Russell was at fault. Looks like Russell's car lost front grip in the wet. Russell should have lifted, showed patience, and gave up the corner, being on unfamiliar track at that point. IMO, better to test the track in that area for a lap or two, and then make your attempt once you know what the track is doing.
I think Botas was fighting for his ride.
Valtteri did let the car "slide" to the right a bit, putting some pressure on George to lfit off and force him to leave Valtteri alone, but George committed himself to this overtake, and getting spooked by that Mercedes taking "a bit more space than expected". George indeed should have judged the grip on that part of the track better and lifted off, but he knew that if he did not commit to it, he would have lost the mind game being played out.  That way, Bottas will NOW have more respect for Russel, and the next time something like that happens, he will not squeeze Russel that much, while George will be able to put himself again in the position to show Valtteri that "you either leave space, or we will both crash".  Senna VS Prost vibes, all over again!
Yes, just a racing incident.  I wonder if Bottas might have been correcting from a bit of oversteer too.   Still, it was a good race.  Verstappen starting in second gear on the wet surface was pretty darn smart.  Hamilton's race back through the pack was pretty good too.
Bottas do, waht have to do as racer driver,. The complains of Russel on social media, the punch on Bottas after the incident, only shows a  lack of sportiness, by his part. He put the blame on the other because is more easy .
don't pin this for no reason
Russell was ALL in the wrong. Please note that Bottas is on the DRY line and IS NOT going to give that up for a passing driver. Also note that there is a small kink in the corner and Bottas is following the DRY line. Please note Kimi's line through the same corner. He is also sticking to the the DRY line.
no. If George had arrived beside Bottas 2 seconds later he would have had room and dry track, unlucky. Bottas was aiming for the dry line. Lewis had slid off the track going off the dry line to pass Russell the lap before, I know the adrenaline was fully kicked in but Russell was too quick to blame Valtteri. Racing incident.
Is that an excuse that russel got afraid? bottas manage very well to deffend his line, its not bottas problem that russel choose to attack on the wet line, what pro driver, if another driver was here with more experience this would never had happen, russel got a bit afraid thats why he open then he hit some water that is like ice at this speed and he hit bottas. Bottas was deffending. My god what are we disgussing here, from when a driver cant open his line to push/deffend another car, bottas did nothing illegal, so its russel fault 100%
Why don't we have access to bottas' on-board cam. That's the only thing I'm interested in.
You make the move? that's on you. It's all on George to me. He had space, panicked and was agressive outside of the car for no reason
I think it’s Rus fault. He must take wet surface into consideration.
100% Russels Fault!   I have racing experience myself and know the track pretty well, at that point of the track, where they crashed, there is a slight bend. You have to turn your steering wheel, especially when you are outside, to get through the corner.   When you look at Russels onboard, its CLEAR that in that moment he literally forgot about the little bend there. When he realised it, it was already too late, he was off the track AND he was still fully on the throttle. There is actually a slim chance, a slim one, that he could have managed it when atleast going off full throttle....  Its hilarious for me, for someone with a bit of motorsport experience and knowledge, that this discussion gets brought up in the first place.   „Ppl“ need something to talk about right? Clicks? Advertisement?
Racing incident to me tbh, Bottas did what he could legally George was entitled the space. just really unlucky for the wheels slipped for a brief moment
Russel not owning up to it after the race really shows him in a bad light, his reaction is somewhat understandable, but it's clearly his fault.
This was clearly Russel's fault! He's so overrated! What did he expect Bottas to do, just let him by? The dude pulled out onto the wet line and came unstuck! That's fine, it happens...but Russell has made a fool of himself from the time his car stopped!
Butt ass
Russell's fault for crashing into Bottas and especially Russell's fault for being a bit of a dick afterwards.
Hi I’m Scott Mansell, and this is my friend, second Scott mansell
What's more interesting is that Bottas has been at sixes and sevens so far this year. He is in a Mercedes factory car fighting with a customer team. Mercedes really need him to perform now that Red Bull are so close.
Bullshit. This was 100% a too risky move from Russell and Bottas was just keeping his racing line. Bottas should not be expected to make way for overly ballsy litlle punks.
Easy , guys  It was just a RED flag given to Hamilton by Bottas or James and russell . Just kidding  I think it was Bottas' mistake to squeeze him at the end when earlier he gave the space . Because for bottas he was on the inside for that left turn and still kept on squeezing at the end.
Deffinettly Bottas's fault!
The other guy is saying "do you think you'll do that every time pushing it almost to the edge"   OF COURSE THAT'S WHAT LIMIT MEANS. HE'S A RACING DRIVER.
I don’t think we should debit if it’s super rus or the ai aka bot because we should be glad that the halo save the day
Russell hit the grass and Bottas didn't move in my opinion. So no Russell piss off as Bottas did with his 🖕
Only thing that pisses me off is Russels reaction after that crash, i have no respect for him after that:/
If anything, it's either a racing incident or Russell's fault.  Bottas can and is allowed to defend like that. It doesn't matter if he's in a Merc against a Williams and it doesn't matter if the outside of the track was still wet. Russell should have taken that into account when trying to pass.
Kimi got lucky. He was right there crossing the flying debris.
It's Emilia Romagna not Romana by the way... i live in Veneto (the nearest region) and i have friends from Emilia romaGNA :)  Non ti preoccupare, molti inglesi sbagliano questa cosa... ma io ti voglio bene lo stesso <3 (no worries lot of english peoples spells that wrong... but i love you regardless of that little mistake <3)
Russell at fault
VB had to leave a car width which he did, he didn't have to leave the only dry line to GR so he didn't.
When you look at Bottas front righ wheel in relation to the white line, Bottas continuous to move right when Russel overtakes him. At the start its full left from the white line, at the end he wheel is completely right of the white line. When Bottas did see Russel, and het did cording to his own words, he is a wanker only able to cumujicate with middle fingers and to whom it may concern “FU”.
Why no Bottas video feed...?
The comments Russell made about Bottas after the race, were not nice.  If it was any other non British drive making those comments, the media would have ripped him apart.
Verdict..........racing incident and why the hell was bottas defending from a williams😂
I think it's 33% Russell, 33% Bottas and 33% the FIA for allowing DRS on a wet bend!
Bottas was just driving on the dry line
There was Valterri's onboard and there is no sudden steering movement, it is backed by FIA telemetry report.
Yes a driver must leave a car's width of track/tarmac but not a car width of dry track. If the drying track only had one single dry line, there would be no way to leave a dry car width while staying on the only dry line. VB gave GR nothing good so GR should have waited. For example, LH's slide off was because he went to a wet line and slid off yet no one blames the car he was passing for not leaving LH a dry line.  GR fault even though I like hime.
You're pausing the video and saying "look Bottas has left a cars width" but Bottas continues to come across after the point you paused. This causes Russell to move right and put his rear right on the grass, lose traction and rotate left into Botas. Botas would know even without checking his mirrors that Russell was on a charge and alongside him. We have heard countless times from drivers that they know where another car is from the sound. I'm not saying Bottas maliciously squeezed out Russel but he shouldn't have continued moving right with Russell having that closing speed in those conditions. He should have held position. Russel may well have out breaked himself after the pass carrying that speed on a damp line into the corner.
It genuinely looks like Russell was trying to take bottas out on purpose
Probably just a little inexperience from George in the way he reacted to Bottas' little jink.
The main still frame you were talking over shows Bottas to the left of the white line but he then continues to move across the track and if you look at the still at 2.39 Bottas has moved across the white line on the track. So I think Bottas continues to move right after Russell had started pulling along side of him.
Alright so you started by contradicting each other... huuuummm... I like that! lol.....
Go for the gap, live with the flak. I just made that up so it means nothing, but Bottas has a right to make a dangerous move there, and Russ has a right to freak out because the move was dangerous, but Russ want's Bottas to let him just go by? Nah, son. Kudos to Bottas for getting his elbows out for once.
I like Russel bc he is Young and a great driver but its his fault ... but i mean would the overtake worked this would be great
Russells fault, he treated the curve as though it was a straight in the wet. DRS should not have been made available given the wet conditions. You will see Russell backtrack massively at the next GP given the media backlash.
I love Russell, and I thought this is just another crash and no one's seriously at fault until Russell decided to go to Bottas and slaps him.
Beyond who is at fault can we just appreciate that they were both fine? In years fast that sort of crash could have been fatal, Bravo to the engineers, without them this might have been a very different video.
bottas never stops coming right. Look at the still with his right font on the left side of the line as russel moves to overtake and when russel is next to him bottas' front right is on the right side of the line.  He doesnt stop coming over.
So what is Bottas supposed to do? Just pull over and stop so he can be passed easily?
Russell fault
imo Bottas' fault. He was defending the left side, saw russel coming, steered a little to the right, forcing russel on the wet where he got aquaplaning BEFORE he touched the grass and crashed into bottas.
Nothing is ever as clear cut as it appears from outside the cockpit!
Driver61, how wasn't Hamilton penalized for reversing on the track? What if another car was coming at high speed?
So we got 1 professional driver and one couch rider. I wonder who i will listen to?
Was waiting for this
Yiikkm
Its Russell's fault. He had enough space there but he decided to eat the grass and almost yeet Bottas's head off.
My opinion is that Russel was at fault many drivers did the same move with less space given Also it does not help that a lot of fans just hate on bottas with no tought process
IMO Russel just ran out of talent (not saying he doesn't have talent) in a very tricky situation.
Congrats to all the first comments
Russell is Valteri replacement for next year line up
First sup
Of course it wasn't Bottas fault! Russel overtook, hit the while line and took Bottas out. There was plenty of room.
Racing incident.
What did you think? Comment Bottas or Russel below!
First
This should be good lol.
No fricking way i just explained my opinion to someone on instagram, btw 2nd like lol, super quick. Russel at fault in my opinion
Love ur content
Good vid
Yep
1st
