Apologies, increased cast speed is a TASTY buff. The wording threw me off. Clearly I should have had my morning coffee before reading the patch notes. Basically, mages are happy pandas now! 🐼
River of blood got nerfed twice lmao
Rivers of blood is so overpowered in  its still broken
poor madness..
rivers of blood is still busted, need more nerfs soon  i hope
I found this channel randomly; and it's surprisingly a channel that produces quality content. Well Done!
I used Greatsword(Guts sword) in my first playthrough after that they got buffed lol
Always good!What are you waiting for, you know you want to subscribe!
They should have nerfed rivers into the ground.
Excellent
Iam playing off-line to avoid the patch because I know they'll patch the cliff jump rune farm.
I like the Colossal weapon buffs
My Ruins Greatsword is hungry, now
Nice
the fingerprint shield is not as good as it used to be
Godskin Duo appears to have a bug, I was trying to solo them using parries. Then when I Killed the first noble from a crit it deleted the entire healthbar somehow?
So I guess this is elden ring updates for the foreseeable future constant nerfs because of PvP complainers? I'd prefer actual content or how bout fixing the constant stuttering and lag in PvP.
I swear to god Millenna got bugged. She will regen health on attacks that DO NOT HIT YOU but are close. I lose no health to her near hits but she keeps regenerating. And I’ve already beat her so I notice this only when co-opting to help others.
I’m really salty about the Carian retaliation. It helped me beat the game because it’s too hard. Now I can’t beat the game anymore. I’m very sad
Elden Beast also got taken out back and shot, he was hella nerfed. I think they also broke his ai, he straight up doesn’t even use some moves.
rip Tiche. Nerfed to near uselessness.
This is balanceing
I like the way they handled ROB
my rivers does more damage now?
FYI the Bloodflame + AoE like prelates charge or fire's deadly sin is likely going to get patched. It's an unintentional application of the bleed's effect to those AoEs making it an exploit in PvP.
Oh how hard it was with my 1st play thru as an astrologer… new update speed casting and so on… now sitting at lvl 376, Can’t wait to see more DLC. I’m currently going thru my 3rd play thru … :))
Strength/faith build: huge buff for me. I can actually get my incantations off in a boss fight. Something I simply couldn't do before.
Why would you be showing such deep game content kmt
So pretty much I killed patches cos he fucked me over 😂 is it worth going to the church for forgiveness
How about unplayable  pc crashes
is the blood loss buildup on rivers of blood got nerfed? since the nerf, i see the blood loss buildup reduce to 64 at +10 from 69 at +6, i don't know why..
Soooo... Rivers of blood is still fucked?
So what is the nerf for river of blood??
Collosal weapon enjoyers, rejoice!!!
no hyper armor for Burn O flame? i havent tested it yet but that cast time better be quick
Does the increase to two handing colossal weapons work on radahns great sword when you’re  dual wielding?
If you confess with your mouth Jesus as Lord and believe in your heart the Father raised Him from the dead you will be saved. Romans 10:9
I was wondering if there are people who actually watch these videos, these types of videos are trending in the most watched ones   Nobody can interfere in anyone's life
what did they change with the godrick great rune?
They also fixed radagon
wanted to ask at 6:47 what is that weapon you are using
Isn’t Elden Rings a single player game? Why would they buff and nerf stuff?
I beat Malenia with my big slow ass sword once, and Imma beat her again with my big slighty less slow ass sword again.
Learning Facts Helps End Atrocities Torsten Trey, Executive Director of Doctors Against Forced Organ Harvesting (DAFOH), said in the opening remarks that “this horrific practice is beyond our imagination and thinking as human beings.”  “It is impossible to speak about the Holocaust without mentioning the Jewish people, and in the same sense, it is also impossible to speak about forced organ harvesting in China without mentioning the Falun Gong,” he explained.  Trey warned the medical community that the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) has been pursuing an eradication campaign against Falun Gong since July 1999. By delegating the execution of innocent Falun Gong practitioners from the courts to the hospitals, the CCP has thereby weaponized the transplant profession in China and turned it into the executioner under the name of transplantation. “However, killing a living person for the purpose of providing a cure for another person, turns medicine into an absurd practice and violates the medical oath,” he continued.  “I hold that by objectively speaking about the practice of Falun Gong in public, the incentives for the Chinese government to use forced organ harvesting as a means to eradicate the practice and deprive the international community from learning about Falun Gong will be defeated, and the stealth weaponization of the medical profession will be disarmed,” Trey added, “The earlier the world learns about Falun Gong, the earlier the forced organ harvesting of Falun Gong practitioners will end.”  In fact, Falun Gong is based on the universal principles of Truthfulness, Compassion and Forbearance. He said,“Talking about the victim’s practice serves two purposes. It not only gives a voice to the voiceless, but it also provides the most powerful and most peaceful approach to combat forced organ harvesting.”
increased cast speed = faster casting.  Increased cast time = slower casting.
Give every spirit the kiss of love to test them. They hate the kiss of Love!
Strength build guys rise
Correct me if I'm wrong but Increased Casting SPEED would logically mean it casts faster, right?
I'm upset they nerfed rivers of blood, I don't play against other players I just run around my world killing bosses and exploring sometimes I'll go over to my friends world and help him with bosses and just run around with him, now when someone decides they want to ruin our fun and invade us we both use rivers of blood and completely destroy them, but they should really f**k off and let us enjoy our game, and they shouldn't nerf a weapon because people who invade others are upset that they keep getting killed with it, when they come in with broken magic builds and this one time a dude invaded us with dual rot rapiers.  Side note YouTube stop sensoring people it's really annoying and we've all seen/heard worse both on this app and off of it
Only trust the Bible because, you are a Christian everything else is a lie unto God so trust the Bible only like a Christian.
Hey whats the weapon at 1:15
Because thou hast kept the word of my patience, I also will keep thee from the hour of temptation, which shall come upon all the world, to try them that dwell upon the earth. Behold, I come quickly: hold that fast which thou hast, that no man take thy crown.   (Revelation 3:10-11) - Believe in Jesus Christ and repent. The Lord is coming soon.
tarumlüg rutangisnetauq   Programmierer  der  Master K. I.                       /..
MedMen now offering Trademark Franchising with Tilray backing! Marijuana and Marijuana stocks will increase in value because people will buy more Marijuana because of wartime stress. Buy.stock.MMNFF
Matthew 25:31-46 New International Version The Sheep and the Goats 31 “When the Son of Man comes in his glory, and all the angels with him, he will sit on his glorious throne. 32 All the nations will be gathered before him, and he will separate the people one from another as a shepherd separates the sheep from the goats. 33 He will put the sheep on his right and the goats on his left.  34 “Then the King will say to those on his right, ‘Come, you who are blessed by my Father; take your inheritance, the kingdom prepared for you since the creation of the world. 35 For I was hungry and you gave me something to eat, I was thirsty and you gave me something to drink, I was a stranger and you invited me in, 36 I needed clothes and you clothed me, I was sick and you looked after me, I was in prison and you came to visit me.’  37 “Then the righteous will answer him, ‘Lord, when did we see you hungry and feed you, or thirsty and give you something to drink? 38 When did we see you a stranger and invite you in, or needing clothes and clothe you? 39 When did we see you sick or in prison and go to visit you?’  40 “The King will reply, ‘Truly I tell you, whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers and sisters of mine, you did for me.’  41 “Then he will say to those on his left, ‘Depart from me, you who are cursed, into the eternal fire prepared for the devil and his angels. 42 For I was hungry and you gave me nothing to eat, I was thirsty and you gave me nothing to drink, 43 I was a stranger and you did not invite me in, I needed clothes and you did not clothe me, I was sick and in prison and you did not look after me.’  44 “They also will answer, ‘Lord, when did we see you hungry or thirsty or a stranger or needing clothes or sick or in prison, and did not help you?’  45 “He will reply, ‘Truly I tell you, whatever you did not do for one of the least of these, you did not do for me.’  46 “Then they will go away to eternal punishment, but the righteous to eternal life.”
Galatians 5:22-23 New International Version 22 But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, forbearance, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, 23 gentleness and self-control. Against such things there is no law.
Acts 2:17-21 New International Version 17 “‘In the last days, God says,     I will pour out my Spirit on all people. Your sons and daughters will prophesy,     your young men will see visions,     your old men will dream dreams. 18 Even on my servants, both men and women,     I will pour out my Spirit in those days,     and they will prophesy. 19 I will show wonders in the heavens above     and signs on the earth below,     blood and fire and billows of smoke. 20 The sun will be turned to darkness     and the moon to blood     before the coming of the great and glorious day of the Lord. 21 And everyone who calls     on the name of the Lord will be saved.’[a]
Glad I platinumed  this long ago lol
Nice 👌😍
The bugged mausoleum has been fixed finally!
theyve nerfed all katanas then, great............
What is the rivers of blood nerf exactly :)?
Every voice you hear is Satan, he came to this Earth first and, mastered nature and, found out how to put his neurons into animals to trick the masses into doing evil. "Now the serpent was more subtil than any beast of the field which the LORD God had made. And he said unto the woman, Yea, hath God said, Ye shall not eat of every tree of the garden?" This means everything is really just God testing you because, it states in his first book of Genisis "Now the serpent was more subtil than any beast of the field which the LORD God had made. And he said unto the woman, Yea, hath God said, Ye shall not eat of every tree of the garden? Satan was "beast of the field which the LORD God had made." So if the Lord God made the Serpent, which is Satan. Then that means your Lord God is "Superior Satan" in Heaven because, God did one crime against nature. He had sex with, Mother Darkness, our mother without asking her first and, did not marry Mother Darkness. The first husband and, wife that God had ordained by bodily, rib sacrifice is Adam and, Eve. So God doing whatever he wants to our Mother sky, Galexy and, Mother darkness was a space crime unto our "Intergalactic Dark Galaxy". Satan is Senpai our higher athoriated classmate because, he is the Angelic brother who came to this Earth first and, adopted the responsibility of Opresser to the masses. Our satanic Senpai Satan is just teaching you in this big nature Earth to not become like him because, Satan is the complete "Opposite of God"! He never raped anyone with the spirit amen. So pick a side.
No more cheesing Malenia with flies or Gideon with madness. And well carian retaliation was fun while it lasted…
Hey From Soft, you already got my $60 for your product...stop changing my purchase every 5 minutes. If you want to use me as a tester to find flaws in your game, you need to pay me for that service. Otherwise leave the game that you've already released and been payed for alone.
What would be wrong with nerfing rivers of blood? It’s way too strong right now, so they could easily nerf it some without making it worthless. I mean they nerfed the bleed on swarm of flies so why not rivers of blood which is much better stronger?
Glad to hear about the colossal weapons buffs
is anyone else having a glitch where they cant change their ashes of war after the patch? When i change the ash of war to another the skill doesnt change but the affinity will.
Bleed nerfed where??? Lol
has anybody noticed transient moonlight ash of war having a shorter range in 1.04?
Bow users are thinking wtf? Like they need an enormous buff. Other wise what’s the point of using them besides farming birds
(John 3:16,17) "For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believes in Him should not perish, but should have eternal life. For God did not send His Son into the world to condemn the world, but that the world might be saved through Him." (Romans 10:9,10) "That if you confess with your mouth the Lord Jesus and believe in your that God has raised Him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. For with the heart, man believeth unto righteousness and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation."
Did they fix that stupid shield ash of war??
I believe the greatest form of love is shone to us by sacrifice. What we are willing to give up for the love of someone else. Too often and too frequently is life filled with bitterness, anger, hatred, and jealousy. Just imagine what kind of world it would be if we all loved one another, if we all cared, and had concern for each other. That we all did our best to make sure life was good for everyone.  That no one was homeless, that no one faced despair, rejection, or pains of loneliness and self-doubt. That there were no more wars, wars built on greed, and man's fear of each other, fear of the unknown. I think of the ultimate sacrifice when a carpenter named Jesus Christ from Bethlehem faced beatings, whippings, insults, injury, and crucifixion for our sins. who died so we could become righteous, to never again face the fear of death or the nightmares of the pains of hell ever again. a righteousness we could never earn unto ourselves, not based on our performance, but given to us as a gift of mercy. Call unto the Lord Jesus Christ, forsake your sins, believing with all your heart that he is the God who created heaven and earth, and he will gladly forgive you and welcome you unto the family of God forever. ''For God so loved the world that He gave His one and only Son, that everyone who believes in Him shall not perish but have eternal life'' John 3:16   "This know also, that in the last days perilous times shall come.  For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy,  Without natural affection, trucebreakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good,  Traitors, heady, highminded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God;  Having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof: from such turn away.  For of this sort are they which creep into houses, and lead captive silly women laden with sins, led away with divers lusts,  Ever learning, and never able to come to the knowledge of the truth"  2 Timothy 3:1-7  ''The Lord is not slack concerning His promise, as some count slackness, but is longsuffering toward us,  not willing that any should perish but that all should come to repentance'' 2 Peter 3:9
My infinite stamina blocking with my Finger shield is gone… sob. Already tested it.
Your laugh is cute boy
Cerulean hidden tear feels like it got hit real hard
I wish they would stop messing with it
Did they nerf the lag and fps drops?
So no HoM changes to make the skill more viable to use sad day :(
Did anyone else get elden ring ad
Increasing cast SPEED is a buff, increasing cast TIME is a nerf. Every content creator has made this exact same mistake so far XD
Increased cast speed reads like they made the casting speed faster or decreased the casting time. Basically spells casts faster.   Also the changes are in the "upwards adjustment" tab meaning only buffs not the "Upwards and Downwards adjustment" which refers to things that have been buffed and nerfed
The Colossal Weapon attack speed was needed. Very fun weapons but where they suffered most was in cramped areas against fast moving enemies imo. I was constantly using the running and jumping attack to try and compensate.  This should remedy that some.
Was not expressly called out in the patchnotes
As long as they don’t nerf Loretta’s halberd or the meteoric ore blade, I’ll be fine
increased cast speed = faster casting.  Increased cast time = slower casting.
😃😃I am a youtuber 😃😃 😃😃Mera gaming ka 😃😃 channel  h 😃😃 subscribe kr lo😃😃
😃😃I am a youtuber 😃😃 😃😃Mera gaming ka 😃😃 channel  h 😃😃 subscribe kr lo😃😃
PSA The Golden Order Greatsword is EXTREMELY powerful now. 1200 damage on the AOE part of its attack and I'm doing 2500 per shot of the golden ring it throws.
Glad they blocked one rune farming method where you fall off the map
You look great today.
Arrekz, read closer my dude, u only need to level up if ur a low level character and it is only to increase FP and stamina growth rate, everyone else is good. -.-  Anywaaay its dope that they buffed up Colossal weapon speed and damage. Godslayer GS and Starscourge Blades are even more deadly. Cheese lovin mages can suck it.
Yeah I think increased cast speed is faster which would be a buff, I think a nerf would be increased time to cast spells
Nerf bloodhound
increased cast speed sounds like a buff to me.
i think they patched the wrong warp thing, i cant do it anymore
Anything new with sword of night and flame?
No more Glintstone Scrap Magic Shield parry. I only used it to help people with boss fights. Looks like it’s back to bleed build.
So did bleed get nerfed? I got a blood mage
Hello friends learn to drive 🚜👉🚜☝️☝️
Glad to see they went with the "buff everything else" route. I just swapped to a RoB build to help me clear the final push of my first playthrough and would have hated to have to swap again.
Glad to see they went with the "buff everything else" route. I just swapped to a RoB build to help me clear the final push of my first playthrough and would have hated to have to swap again.
now taking stamina dmg when using finger great shield +25 and greatshield talisman
Love your videos ❤️❤️ Be safe everyone
Oh my big gold halberd is going to have some fun. I'm just confused how to use this bloodlet spells.  I have one that says it throws blood and then one that is supposed to like I guess throw up those death spikes or whatever but the spikes never seem to work.
Apologies, increased cast speed is a TASTY buff. The wording threw me off. Clearly I should have had my morning coffee before reading the patch notes. Basically, mages are happy pandas now! 🐼
I like how from soft handle this very much. Instead of nerfing everything to the ground. Buff other so they be more on term and create more diversity. I test out bolt of Fortissax, the cast speed increase was very noticeable, lightning spell too.  I love the change with flame dance too, just wish they would decrease the FP cost and make it 2 part as well since it cost way too much FP compare to the damage it do. However, it caught people very off guard when I was able to I roll to cancel it. Same go with black flame tornados, much more reliables and get hit  less.  Faith/strength build will able to compete with other build on the same term. Fire and lightning is powerful with the correct build. They just had been shadowed over by arcane pure bleed or bleed/frost build. The River of blood bleed build is still very strong don’t get me wrong. I still able to proc it like there are no tomorrow.  Overall the patch get me excited to test out new build (already in love with fire giant red braid+ lightning hoslow). Just 2 thing I think missing. That is THERE STILL NO VIABLE AOW for whip beside bloodhount/ raptor of mist. And Poison still very much underwhelming, I think there like 2 weapon that really work well with kindred of rot exul, that is serpent blade katana and poison claw, and that throw pot with their deadly poison.
“Please note: This patch mistakenly included an update to the duration of the Cerulean Hidden Tear, shortening it. This unintentional change will be reverted with a minor patch in the near future. Our apologies for any inconvenience this may have caused.”  I declare, they are destroying this game patch by patch.  If they continue to cater to every crybaby that plays this damn game, they’re going to end up patching everything! You can’t keep making players change their builds over and over.
Still op, great..
Finally we the Colossal Weapon enjoyers getting the respect we deserve !!
one thing i'm still confused about is "decreased recovery time." to me that sounds like the caster recovers faster and this is a buff. but it occurred to me they might mean the enemy recovers faster, which would make that a nerf.
Personally i think they should ban R.O.B from pvp but allow new soul game players to use it for pve
Glad to see they went with the "buff everything else" route. I just swapped to a RoB build to help me clear the final push of my first playthrough and would have hated to have to swap again.
Hey! Did you know God is three in one!? The Father, The Son, and The Holy Spirit! Bless them! Jesus died for our sins, rose from the dead, and gives salvation to everyone who believes in him and follows his commandants!  Have a blessed day, everyone!! ❤
Good update! Im liking the support for this game, cant wait for dlc! As someone who is currently running dragon lightning spells im happy with fp reduction and the increased posie. Going to give Flame Fall Upon The a go, decreased damage but can hit enemies multiple times, might be good against large targets now was already good damage to groups
Arekkz, my guy. Increased cast speed means it's faster. All the spells have lower windup if they say that. It's just buff city for mages.
this sounds like a lot to me   🥰😘😍
increased cast speed means it's faster sir.
Finally we the Colossal Weapon enjoyers getting the respect we deserve !!
Glad they buffed the colossal swords, I wish they had more horizontal slashes tho... Most of the attacks are vertical and you really want to just slash through a few enemies in a single swipe.
Apologies, increased cast speed is a TASTY buff. The wording threw me off. Clearly I should have had my morning coffee before reading the patch notes. Basically, mages are happy pandas now! 🐼
I can’t understand a word your saying dude
They didn’t change Rivers of blood. Click bate trash!
so far the thing I'm enjoying the most from the patch is they buffed the ash of war for golden order greatsword second cast is faster it gives some poise now during the animation and second cast does a bit more dmg (but mostly the cast speed and poise)
Ruined the game
Man about time they buffed strength! I always play it and only tried it for a few hours when I began then realized I need to go to "easy" mode with dexterity. Also, I don't know why they just didn't nerf madness altogether and bleed to mention.
Just made it to snow area  and now rivers is nerfed 😩
This patch messed up my bleed build.
So they didn't even really nerf bleed? Wtf
I feel like the only way to make the vocal minority of soul's gate keepers happy, is to just make every weapon do 1 damage and have the most basic move set. They probably want all the armor removed as well. And just to be really extreme, let's just make the map completely flat.
You've got all the right moves.
If you BEAT the game before this patch launched YOU DIDN'T BEAT THE GAME! Play it again and beat it
A buff to the dragonscale blade would have been nice
0:50 - the only change(s) where players need to perform a specific action are the 'FP and Stamina growth rates at lower levels'. That change is marked with an asterisk to show this.
that shortened stagger animation on blood loss might make me have to switch from scavengers curved swords to cross naginatas
I'm so mad they nerfed swarm of flies.
Apologies, increased cast speed is a TASTY buff. The wording threw me off. Clearly I should have had my morning coffee before reading the patch notes. Basically, mages are happy pandas now! 🐼
So if you are max level you CANT get these changes? O .o?????
no change to corpse piler? lol
Oh they want me to stop playing this game huh
Glad to hear about the colossal weapons buffs, never had to much of an issue with them but i did realize the draw backs of using them, but damage man, that damage and hyper armor is nice.
All hail the rivers of 🧀
Hopefuly we can get rid of this shitty katana spam meta
Well we'll well if the title isn't click bate then I don't know what is
Man I am waiting for a new map, new content for this game update. its not a super update of they just playing around on what is there already. I hope for new map, new items, new monsters, new quests not playing around the bush. haha
I'm confused, I'm downloading 1.06 rn on ps4 but these are patch notes for 1.04.... Have I missed something??
HOW CAN I LIKE SUBSCRIBE AND COMMENT WHEN YOU HAVEN'T TOLD ME ANYTHING YET!!!!!??????? I can't bloody stand that cookie cutter crap!!!!
So PVP is still trash? No afk farming fix, no one shot shield skill fix, RoB is still OP, neat. Love it
Colossal chads cohort buff!
Rivers of blood is still stupidly broken
Literally buffed everything about the meta strength build except for the one attack that you actually use 😂 at least they didn’t nerf the jump attacks
Hey Arekkz could you test if 2 handing colossal weapons is better that the 2 giant hammers build?
How big the patch? I'm happy but the ng+ feels to easy! A little. Not using blood.  just lvl  180 with  weapons lvl max
So what you're saying is that in pvp,90% will still use rivers of blood or any other forms of bleed, gotcha 😅
Rivers of cheese Definitely needs a nerf still. Bleed in general needs to just apply slower or something.
Rivers should get reduce damage and reduce the bleed that it gives you. RoB is ruining PVP and it needs a nerf
Holy relic sword got a buff so yeah
Noo!!!!! My katana!!! I just got rivers of blood your damns assholes!
You're wrong brotha - RoB obviously needs a genuine Nerf considering the huge percentage of people using it in pvp. There's a reason it's so popular, and it's the opposite of balanced right now. Personally I think powerstancing needs to be nerfed as well but that's a more contentious opinion.    The issue with doing things the way that you suggest is that we just end up with a faster and faster ttk(time to kill) which is uninteresting, typical, and against the souls' style, even Bloodborne.   I would much prefer a slower ttk like dark souls 3, it's much more fun taking time and learning your opponent, and being flexible with your skills, having a back and forth fight,  then it is killing someone in one or two hits, or dying just as fast, just to go through some more loading screens. And the ashes of war spam kinda sucks too.   In ds3 it would be typical to go through all of your flasks if you were invading - in elden ring you hardly ever get the chance because Fights don't last long enough. In my opinion this detracts severely from PVP while simultaneously making it less skill based.
The bird farming spot now won't work on this new patch.
as far as i saw rivers of blood was left untouched, but swarm was nerfed which is kinda good
They patched the pegasus glitch and I'm sad
Thank God. Now I can finally continue Hyetta's quest
beta testing for paid game is horse shit. FS cut away in house balance testing huge big deal for me.... f them
Buddy I can read also I was hoping you'd show the weapons and try todo b4 and after besides reading like a  jr high student off their slideshow. Disliked.
I'm not installing this patch but I don't connect the net unless I'm modding. Then it's off so from doesn't get to screw with my stuff
GIVE  ME   THE  EXPANSION ALREADYYYYYY
Increased cast speed is a good thing. They are meaning that the rate of speed to use the attack has increased, making it faster. Easily noticable if you use Marika's Hammer L2, Sacred Relic Sword L2 or Bolt of Granssax L2 and compare them to before. Also, why did they buff Bloodboon Ritual? It's gonna be ridicoulus now considering casting time wasn't even that bad.
5 billion bug fixes and not one fix for controller to PC bug that happens with steam...
stop nerfing fun weapons
And yet again we see the devs playing favorites. More buffs to casters that they didn't need AT ALL. Very few things helpful to warriors, aside from slightly boosted colossal weapon attack. Which just adds to the cheese of these weapons. As if they don't do enough damage as is. So here we're going to see more colossal weapon wielding casters, congratulations fromsoftware you're just making PvP even more toxic.
As soon as this patch happened I went to the major farm spot and they full Patches it up 😩 couldn’t believe it
i think they removed being able to power stance the wazikashi with katanas.
Hey guys I’ve got some really great news to share with you, Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died and resurrected on the third day so you may all have eternal life. If you repent of your sins and put your faith and trust in Him as you would a parachute jumping 25000 feet up in the air, He will give you eternal life in heaven as a free gift and I promise you, He will change your life forever as He did mine. He is the ONLY way to heaven and He loves you all.
nothing about a fix for "Summoning players can cause the game to lock".
Did they ruin Adula’s moon blade? Has anyone tested if you can still get the double hit?
Made my morgotts sword slower but ill take it since my lightning and bloodtalons were buffed. The madness and blood changes are a godsend from whats said in patch notes but have yet to see it in play in game
Good thing I finished the game
Great, so my Ruins Great sword is even MORE overpowered. Let's go
Why do they keep changing shit?? Did they do this in other souls ganes?!
My Incanation build is INSANE right now and I've already liked it on 1.03!  Sooo much better timings on almost every incanation making them that much more likely to hit  EDIT: You GOTTA try the incantations which got "hyperarmor" - too good
It's cool I'm done playing elden ring anyways
Yall think uchigatana/nagakiba is better for bleed build for someone that doesnt have 2x uchigatana?  I just got rivers last night and then I realized its a pain to upgrade and now its nerfed so looking for other katana options.  Wish I had picked samurai -_-
Idk wtf they do but i was going to Melania and i was doing first phase and on second phase the better i do was 3/4 life never killed now i can even pass the first phase
Bleed still good. Just no more rivers of blood spam but I never use that katana in the first place. Good skin peelers was always my go to
I killed patches….
They still didn't nerf river blood, still strongly annoying wants me to quit
Alexander quest still bugged for me. Common bug. Would be nice to sort these out first.
Did they fix the bug that allowed you to hit radagon without him attacking? I see something about boss visuals but already got past that part.
also the patch broke my volcano manor questline, it thinks i havnt killed my 3rd mark but i have... so fml it was the last thing i did before logging out and updating
im kinda pissed off they patched the cliff jump rune farm..... why does it really matter
They fixed the mohg palace glitch where u fall n make 130k:/
Think God I finished the game and got my platinum in elden ring before the nerf of rivers of blood its safe me from melenia they need to nerf that boss
“MY MUSIC WILL BE NOTICED TODAY”🔥🙏🏽…
Looks like the cerulean hidden tear got a stealth nerf
Waiting for the crybaby’s to comment on how rivers of blood is nerfed 😂😂
"Let's see, new Patch notes... he's gonna kill me and scavenge my loot..."
i need other Rivers of Blood  for pc :)
They need to fix Tophs quest it’s been bugged for months now it’s beyond annoying
nice patch!
The falling one & birds too? Damn its going to take forever to level up, especially at higher levels
05:01 it was not called out in the patch notes... twice
No more carian crutch, offscreen snipes from madness beam and rivers is less viable oh man im gonna enjoy invasions this week , time to show some kids how its done when their cheap methods stop working
“MY MUSIC WILL BE NOTICED TODAY”🔥🙏🏽.
as a black flame strength and faith guy i am so very happy right now!
Nerfs make the game more difficult 👏🏻 Nerf everything and increase the stats, HP, MP of all opponents. Make the game impossible to beat.
They forgot to change the title of the game.
Wonder if the ancient dragon lightning will finally be good🤷🏼‍♂️
Magic is easy mode...it would be nice to see them stop giving sorcery buffs.....its a shame too that we didn't get a more definitive debuff on rivers (i have it and use it as its only one of the best arcane weapons  and my character is mainly arcane but it makes me sick having to use it when my back is against a wall as my get out of jail card)
6:05 is it?? is it nice? lol.  That weapon is trash for trash lovers... lol
Just finished my final 6th NG+ and they finally fixed Boc's bush damage
Thank God rivers of blood wasn’t nerfed
As someone who is level 450 and on new game plus 2 running my Ronrona Zoro/Dragon cult lighting build this patch pleases me it doesn’t nerf my RoB so and I can use my red lighting incantations much better I carry the +25 Nagatakiba with sword dance, RoB +10and Moonveil +10 in my RA1,RA2,RA3 and Grit gravel seal +25, Nagatakiba +25, Metoric ore Blade +10 in my LA1,LA2, LA3 while running erd tree favor +2, Dragoncrest great shield, Shattered jar piece and Millicents protheises as my tailesmens and bandit mask, ronin chest, raging wolf legs and esentric gloves as my armor lol I change my build every new game plus the Role play helps me get into the game more but this build is by far my favorite so far that I’ve done lol. My wife suggested a kaido like build for next play through
Feels like I use less FP using mighty shot on my bow. I have samurai base stat for mind and I could only use it 3-4 times now I’m getting more. At least it feels that way.
can't tell with the colossal weapons changes and I've done the whole re-equipping gear maybe it's just me and I can't tell.
Should have made dex weapons swing at light speed if you got 70 dex that woulda been cool but everyone would cry about it with there guts greatsword pierce attack
Right when I fully upgrade my rivers of blood🤦🏻
I wish they would patch not being able to open the map when close to enemies but not in an immediate aggro range. That should have been day 1. 😂
The mausoleum bug is still happening for some despite the said fix. Looks like I'm beating new game plus just to get my other remembrance item.
Can someone explain to me the purpose of fucking stealth nerfs and buffs, why not just tell us
Is my music fire?
They fix the moghwyn Farm Jump glitch  They put a wall that you can't climb anymore
Elden Ring is no different than any other game, it’s already on track to be COMPLETELY destroyed by whiny PvP turds who call ANYTHING useful “overpowered” or “broken”. Developers need to stop listening to the cancerous elements of the gaming community, it only ends with an unplayable mess.
Unfortunately there is no ROB or Moonveil nerfs, so none of this will get used over them.
So-Called Blacks, So-Called Latinos & So-Called Native American Indians This Is For You⬇️ The 12 Tribes of Israel Today Southern Kingdom 1. Judah- Negros/African Americans 2. Benjamin- West Indies/Jamaica to Belize 3. Levi- Haitians  Northern Kingdom 4. Ephraim- Puero Ricans 5. Manasseh- Cubans 6. Simeon- Dominicans 7. Zebulon- Guatemalans to Panamanians 8. Gad- Native American Indians 9. Reuben- Seminole Indians  10. Asher- Columbians to Uruguayans 11. Issachar- Mexicans  12. Naphtali- Argentina & Chile  “and ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free.”-John‬ ‭8:32‬  “For thou art an holy people unto the LORD thy God: the LORD thy God hath chosen thee to be a special people unto himself, above all people that are upon the face of the earth.” -Deuteronomy‬ ‭7:6‬   “And thou, even thyself, shalt discontinue from thine heritage that I gave thee; and I will cause thee to serve thine enemies in the land which thou knowest not: for ye have kindled a fire in mine anger, which shall burn for ever.” -Jeremiah‬ ‭17:4‬  “But it shall come to pass, if thou wilt not hearken unto the voice of the LORD thy God, to observe to do all his commandments and his statutes which I command thee this day; that all these curses shall come upon thee, and overtake thee:” -Deuteronomy‬ ‭28:15‬  “cursed shalt thou be in the city, and cursed shalt thou be in the field.” -Deuteronomy‬ ‭28:16‬  “Thou shalt betroth a wife, and another man shall lie with her: thou shalt build an house, and thou shalt not dwell therein: thou shalt plant a vineyard, and shalt not gather the grapes thereof.” -Deuteronomy‬ ‭28:30‬   “And thou shalt become an astonishment, a proverb, and a byword, among all nations whither the LORD shall lead thee.” -Deuteronomy‬ ‭28:37‬  “therefore shalt thou serve thine enemies which the LORD shall send against thee, in hunger, and in thirst, and in nakedness, and in want of all things: and he shall put a yoke of iron upon thy neck, until he have destroyed thee.” -Deuteronomy‬ ‭28:48‬  “so that the man that is tender among you, and very delicate, his eye shall be evil toward his brother, and toward the wife of his bosom, and toward the remnant of his children which he shall leave:” -Deuteronomy‬ ‭28:54‬  “The tender and delicate woman among you, which would not adventure to set the sole of her foot upon the ground for delicateness and tenderness, her eye shall be evil toward the husband of her bosom, and toward her son, and toward her daughter,” -Deuteronomy‬ ‭28:56‬  “And the LORD shall scatter thee among all people, from the one end of the earth even unto the other; and there thou shalt serve other gods, which neither thou nor thy fathers have known, even wood and stone.” -Deuteronomy‬ ‭28:64‬  “And the LORD shall bring thee into Egypt again with ships, by the way whereof I spake unto thee, Thou shalt see it no more again: and there ye shall be sold unto your enemies for bondmen and bondwomen, and no man shall buy you.” -Deuteronomy‬ ‭28:68‬  “I am the LORD thy God, which have brought thee out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage.” -Exodus‬ ‭20:2‬   “Our inheritance is turned to strangers, Our houses to aliens. We are orphans and fatherless, Our mothers are as widows. We have drunken our water for money; Our wood is sold unto us. Our necks are under persecution: We labour, and have no rest.” -Lamentations‬ ‭5:2-5‬  “and saying, Repent ye: for the kingdom of heaven is at hand.” -Matthew‬ ‭3:2‬  “For this is the love of God, that we keep his commandments: and his commandments are not grievous.” -1 John‬ ‭5:3  “Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this prophecy, and keep those things which are written therein: for the time is at hand.” -Revelation‬ ‭1:3‬  “I know thy works, and tribulation, and poverty, (but thou art rich) and I know the blasphemy of them which say they are Jews, and are not, but are the synagogue of Satan.”-Revelation‬ ‭2:9‬  “Ye were sold to the nations, not for your destruction: but because ye moved God to wrath, ye were delivered unto the enemies.”-Baruch 4:6  “Behold, we are yet this day in our captivity, where thou hast scattered us, for a reproach and a curse, and to be subject to payments, according to all the iniquities of our fathers, which departed from the Lord our God.”-Baruch 3:8  “He that leadeth into captivity shall go into captivity: he that killeth with the sword must be killed with the sword. Here is the patience and the faith of the saints.”-Revelation‬ ‭13:10‬  “I will also gather all nations, and will bring them down into the valley of Jehoshaphat, and will plead with them there for my people and for my heritage Israel, whom they have scattered among the nations, and parted my land.”-Joel‬ ‭3:2‬
The truth is we all new rivers of blood was gonna get fucked to death
fixing dragon communion scaling was good enough to nerf the madness … but the rest just killed it entirely … RIP madness
Felt like listening to an auctioneer lol, none of what you said got absorbed by my brain. By the end I was like uhhh ok, so what changes will I notice? I dont use colossal weapons and you didn't name any incantations I use lol.
You sound like ESO.
They also nerfed the carian shield spell
They have ruined my build with both updates, why does this game need constant balancing when none of the others did? Please just let the game be as it was meant to be
Wow no afk farming fixes? I'm surprised because the people keep whining and crying about it they will soon... Probably
transition at 7:29 is crazy
Has the patch dropped on console yet?
The only thing I dislike is that the cerulean hidden tear got nerfed. I do understand why they did it but man I loved raining down destruction with the meteorite of astel
Still think a minor scaling nerf wouldve been nice to bloodloss wouldve been great since it's like 2-3 hits in PvP cause bloodloss or 1-2 if in power stance
Yes!! Moonlight buff.
I just got the grafted blade great sword 😂😂 I'll have to check it out
did the do anything about the hoarfrost stomp?
As soon as I removed my Guts build and use a rivers of blood build this happens. I guess its back to Berserk
This patch alone has more changes then battlfield 2042 since that game was launched
AM I THE ONLY PERSON WHO IS HAPPY THAT THEY ALLOWED US TO TURN OFF THE AUTO ROTATE CAMERA SETTING
so you are just reading the log, not showing/testing shit. GJ mate, NICE CONTENT.
I literally got the Rivers of Blood today.... great.... still is a crazy strong weapon.
when you cosplay malekith,those buffs are amazing
They also nerfed cerulean hidden tear
Playing for the first time   So I was fighting the decay dragon … well was cause it was 20% hp left   Maintenance drops … pain
Nice I play with a cold magic build and this patch buffed my sword (moonlight greatsword) and my spells, finally I will be able to use fun spells on pvp
Great video as always, summarizes pretty well. But Arekkz i gotta ask: which leggings were you using at 2:38? I can't seem to recognize it and it think it looks pretty good!
Do we need to re level our current characters for FP change to take affect?
Anything on bleed?
What a joke lmao worst pvp I've ever played, pve is still shit too with fighting the same bosses and mini bosses a billion times. By far the worst soulsborne game next to DS2, quantity over quality in this game. Fk anyone that disagrees 🤡
LET'S GOOOOOOO
Did bleed get nerfed? Maybe I wasn’t paying attention but if someone knows please let me know
Rivers of blood isn't that strong the bloodhound step spammers need to be knocked down a peg imo
finally we can turn off camera auto rotation. Thank you from soft, thank you!
So all the Giga Chad's and Giga girls can attack faster plus recover faster. Right time to start the strength and faith build (this will be my first time ever to use faith in any from soft game)
Does decreased recovery time mean less time just standing there before I can run?
As a lightning faith/dex build with heavy emphasis on the ancient lightning spear being my main PVE damage-dealer I basically got a complete buff lol. Very happy with this, hopefully I'll actually be able to use it in PvP a bit more reliably now too
I’m just glad they paid some attention to my poor dragonscale blade 🥰
Thank God they went with buffing everything else instead of nerfing one thing now everything is good
Rivers of Blood should take some HP to use, like every other blood Ash of War and almost every blood spell
What they should have did was decrease the chances of being invaded in multiplayer
This is perfect for me! Colossal weapons speed buff. I’m basically living off of Madness and Strength. And now I’m living better!!! Git gud!
Wait..  so about the dragon seal, does this mean my blood flies wont build up on pve enemies like before?  It wasnt OP before and sometimes it took too long or the enemies just powered through it like i didnt even hit them...  please tell me im wrong :/   bleed should work well in pve
Ok let's bring up what I'm sure most of us in PvP are thinking. Did they fix the retaliation glitch? 😮
Stealth nerf for rivers of blood? They should of just took that shit out of the game, that and moonviel.
Well I use the grafted sword so it’s cool
Decrease stagger is a fair adjustment for RoB. Now, the cost for someone spamming RoB repeatedly is a smack in the face with my now faster double giant crusher hammers.
Glad I beat Melania with the blood Sword the day before it was nerfed lol
And me just finishing my 3rd colossal sword playthrough...  also the nerf to the greatshield talisman makes it so no shield can hit 100 guard boost with it. Love the incantation buff though!
Reading the patch notes and I really like it. It suits my build. Before I would suffer due to my build being pretty slow compared to most but this time increase in speed for the incantations I use should make things interesting
They do anything about the network connection yet? It's been a pretty bad co op experience for me.
Hopefully rivers is still fun to use.
RIP Elden Ring
why are they nerfing weapons in a mostly single player game How stupid.
Hey everyone, question, I haven't updated the latest 1.04 patch from early this morning yet, when I play Elden Ring tonight, can I just go to the game settings at the start screen and select start game from offline mode and not update to the latest 1.04 patch?
I noticed this morniung that Corpse Piler seemed slower. I did not realize the game updated until now.
Yes lets buff sorceries because those are obviously weak 💀
O good spell casters are even more op now because that was needed ,and there soft locking my favorite weapon
Honestly surprised RoB didn't get directly hit. Really wish it would have, its getting stale to run into it in more than half of the pvp situations I get into
Fuck bows and bow builds right
Classic content creator not actually TESTING the changes before talking about it. Such a useless video.
I don't pvp I wish I could roll back the update
Hopefully elden stars is actually useable now since its so cool
Rip my dual greatsword build still slow af
Does anyone know the name if that mini colossal sword that does hella hits
Ofc they buffed colossal weapons after I finished my colossal weapon playthrough and platinumed the game..
Any performance fixes on PC ?? So weird there’s no mention.
Doesn't increased cast speed mean that it casts faster, not slower as you said in the video? They're not saying increased cast time, they're using the word speed.
This patch got rid of a few farming exploits
I would like to see a buff on on the dragon kings cragblades being that it’s a set weapon non buffable I’m ok with that I would like to see a boost in the tracking for its thiundercloud form or a speed in cast for it because it’s almost unusable in pvp
As a colossal sword guy, I'm so happy right now.
Magic gets buffed again? Boycotting fromsoft.
Hell yeah, now I can test the other spells I’d never use in pvp for my only spell character
Oh! CAST speed! For about half the video I was like, "what the hell is COST speed?!"
colossals still suck they went from sad tier to shit tier
I never minded the damage any of the weapons or spells did. Tho yeah retalation was broken. Its shouldnt be one shot. But my thing was the bleed and curse builds using that stun lock as a crutch. Its gone now. Eat that river users.
The only balance change that needs that is the change in FP and stamina scaling at lower levels. Everything else should happen automatically
Can you please not show endgame areas/bosses? I had to stop watching because of that D:
Of course my build gets nerfed before i even finish the game 🤦‍♂️
YES THE EXPLOITS WERE FIXED also as a honorable bleed build I'm glad they didn't make bleed complete shit and still very practical. The stun lock yeah was crazy strong. If you guys ever fought me in pvp I try to use my weapon art as little as possible and if I ever kill you I don't just bow I pray, if you aren't a rune farmer or a piece of shit I will be honorable back.
5:03 rivers of blood stealth nerf. What you actually came here for.
Can’t wait to try the royal greatsword as a mage now.
Soooooo happy they buffed Scarlet bloom!
Kinda hoped stamina consumption for colossal weapons decreased as well kinda sucked to use colossal early game if u don't invest in stamina. Btw the notes said increase growth rate for stamina and FP does it mean if I applied the patch my stamina/FP will increase since I invest lvl to those? Kinda want the proactive increased FP to try other summons and not just jelly fish lol
Two Fingers crossed the nerf that bloody river.
If you dont level up, and its for pvp, then u a bih
got worried by the the title Rivers of blood is my fav weapon in the game right now
All of this is just good news and I'm super happy to play with a friend now and not worry to much about some crazy ass build that on shot me or my friend but whatever I'm just happy about this
Is there any changes for Black Knife?
The fact that they nerfed Dragon Cult Incantations status build-up but didn't bother giving a single one of them Increased Cast Speed is horrendous to me.  Seriously, most DCIs take over 3 seconds to cast, we have no hyper armor, no damage protection, nothing. We can even be backstabbed WHILE FLYING. Why? Come on FS, show some love to us Corrupted Dragons.
The Collossal and Great weapons are basically getting buffs. As a Strength build user, I see this as a absolute win
They need to stop tweaking the game for fuck sake. It's fine as is.
SO MUCH CHANGED
I’m so chubbed right now that the gods layer great sword isn’t too slow anymore
I can now play on pc so this is the best update yet gone from lowering's with fps drops everywhere to max settings no drops
hoping stRengTH Isnt to patched about to make a guts build
Tbh I think they should up the FP cost of any Bleed effect, the damage is fine I just think people shouldn’t be able to spam the abilities as much as currently possible.
Really wish they would fix the Antspure Rapier. It loses all S.R. build up when frost is applied. But only when frost is add. 😑
Damn imagine having to beat Malenia with RoB
Colossal weapons NEEDED that. They were viable, but far from being the best option for anything.
No more madness stun lock thank you fromsoft
Damnnn these people who main colossal weapons just got buffed 💪🏾. Shitt I ain’t mad tho bring on the challenge. 😎👍🏾📈⛓
I finished making my 125 int build last knight. Realized both ragagins soreseal and marikas together gave me negative defense. Switched marikas for stargazer Heirloom. Lost 5 points of mind. Build was good but I felt the scrifice. Next morning with this patchs fp buff. The build feels complete. Perfect timing
Dammit!!! I just, JUST got Swarm of Flies and Rivers of Blood this past weekend and was setting my build up to use those for the rest of the game. Why Do They Nerf Stuff For Single Player!!!??? That is freaking bullshit!
ngl i wish they actually did a more substantial nerf to bleed because i absolutely hate how much more damage these builds can do in 1-3 hits compared to others, but the animation fix is still very welcome, and may change pvp a lot more than i would anticipate
They also ruined the radagon cheese 😢
Really, who to authorized a magic buff!
Wish I didn’t interact or kill patches now at shaded castle lol, but I did want to finish tanith questline
i wish they didnt nerf things just buff other things
Excited for the colossal weapon buffs, I started the game recently and when I finally got to use the grafted great sword I was very disappointed
They fixed auto centering for camera.. thought they'll NEVER do that ever. Love it as M+KB player!
WAIT WAIT WAIT. None of this means ANYTHING! Has Alexander's quest bug been fixed?!
Does dragon communion seal buff dragon lightning incantations?
Anyone else have the issue of putting holy grease on your weapon and it doesn't work as intended? Doesn't kill skeletons outright. Have to hit them again after "killing" them, and then reviving. The incantation works just not the grease.
Incantations finally got the buffs they deserved now the fancy ones might actually be worth using definitely happy with this update
When they said you need to do this once only, like activate the Godrick's Great Rune, do they mean equip the Godrick's Great Rune and then just use the Rune Arc to activate it once?
Did they fix the bug in which Torrent and some enemies will just turn invisible?
Thank God, us strength builds finally getting the recognition we deserve.
You talk as if „Increased Cast speed“ was a nerf, but it’s not „Increased cast duration“. It probably means it casts FASTER so it’s a buff!
These Mofos keep nerfing good builds
Very rushed video. Hardly any details, and of the few details he adds, he doesnt even fully understand them (like decreased casting speed or blood loss build up)
Anyone knows what hammer / ash is he using at the beginning of the video?
Do people actually have fun using rivers like just moving LS and LT
If you use the Black Knife Weaponart you can now see the health reduced in grey on bosses
Glad my Incantations are better, same with colossals. RoB and moonveil, no Nerf, but with added buffs, and Nerfs to the worst sorceries to deal with, maybe it’ll balance out a bit more. Exciting.
carian retaliation makes no damage anymore ;D not worth parrying all the weapon arts and skills now. (it was way to overpowered tho)
Please fix matchmaking for pvp and the disconnects
I personally would have done something different with Rivers, but this patch does allow anyone with higher poise to take a few hits, and then smack the enemy, with not as bad of consequences. Maybe even knock the Blood user out of their animation. I see this as a win.
I found out yesterday that Fires Deadly Sin stacks with Bloodflame Blade. So just touching people will proc bleed. Don't know if it's a glitch or intended... But I won a stupid amount of PvP matches yesterday using Prelates Charge on Great Stars with those two incantations. It took down almost every person I fought.  Might need a Nerf
so if i don’t unequip rivers of blood it’ll still be normal
Glad to see they went with the "buff everything else" route. I just swapped to a RoB build to help me clear the final push of my first playthrough and would have hated to have to swap again.
Nooooo they nerfed swarm of flies :( But I hope the cast speed change affected dragon incantations. I hope theyll feel a lot more faster to cast.
Noo my madness build
still waiting for that much needed incantation damage buff. . .
Did they nerf comet azure just wondering that spell is strong, also magic is strong in general I seen some crazy strong stuff magic needs a nerf in my opinion
90% of this info is wrong lol
Literally just made a madness build last night and woke up to this 😭
Recovery time on colossals seem really ridiculous now, feels so much faster.  Also, I don’t know, but did running L1s and running R2s always not take stamina?  It’s like it’s not counting stamina costs for first hits on lone trash mobs, often even second swings aren’t taking any stamina; It feels strange.  Zweihander somehow feels even weaker compared to other colossals.  😞 Feels like the guard break for Zwei feels weaker than I remember.  Felt b4 patch zwei was doing same guard damage as a great sword, but now feels like zwei takes twice the hits of greatsword to guard break.  Haven’t tested fully, just initial impression.
Has anyone else lost progress after updating?
What armor are you wearing at 6:36? Thanks for the update vid!
Okay so technically if I get the update but if I already build it or crazy broken character with the old update as long as I don't unequipped or Louisville up none of those updates will take hold so I will technically be in an updated version of the game but with my so-called not updated equipment and skills so if I was broken and they made it to where what I was using now isn't broken anymore if I don't equipped anything would I still be broken
'Added some event phases for the NPC "Patches"' Me: look at Patches' dead body... activate Godrick's Great Rune...  kick Patches' body... still looks dead to me...
They're ruining the game changin every 20 days. Congrats
i cant wait till blood loss gets nerfed into the ground
And I meant it for all game developers not just them I do not like to be mean to be mean but is when so many games are being ruined by them.
No more rune farm double jump glitch n 10 sec no for now 5 secs shit
They patched my favorite rune farm so not a fan of this patch
i mean, i think they should have just took away the arcane scaling with madness. i think the madness buildup was fine, only broken when people scale it with arcane
That casting BUFF is gonna make my Swarm of Flies bleed build even better now.
Now finally me with my 99 stats in faith can pursue my dream and use the light based faith incarnation now that the damage and casting is increased
They got rid of the cliff jump rune farm by murder turkey
Finally my pure lightning build is actually a little viable for pvp.
By the way, the only thing you need to level up or do something else to activate it is the stamina and fp growth rate at lower levels
So you mean they nerfed two entire damage types? Not just one weapon? That’s not subtle at all.
I wonder what YouTube Build everyone will be using this week since Rivers of Blood has been nerfed...  cause you know all of the Independent Thinkers out there...
The Adula’s Moonblade isn’t great now. It’s pretty much a straight nerf.
But did they fix the shield cheese??
So my black flame build got a power boost?
I'm gonna be honest I'm a strength build and I don't even notice a difference in the colossal weapons. I was all excited to get on the game and test the change and it feels the same.
I’d like to see a nerf where they just remove rivers of blood from the game. It’s top tier b.s cheese
Not seeing a damage increase to hand of malenia hurts my brain
They nerfed cerulean hidden tear time to about 5 seconds I just tried it out. Kinda sad
This was a hidden nerf to LMSH, but nothing can stop the legend!!
They need to nerf that asshole ringleader that you have to fight to get Black Knife Tiche. She has by far been the biggest pain in my ass since I started the game. Even Melania felt easy compared to her.
FINALLY BLOODY HELICE SHALL RISE
From software is exceeding everyone’s expectations with these updates other gaming companies should take notes!
son of a... I just got the rivers of blood yesterday and re-speced for it
They didn't nerf rivers of blood, which was a terrible idea, and says to me they listen to the soylents on reddit. Also, no BHS nerf, again, terrible choice. PVP is dead.
I’m on a level one run right now. Got the fire giant very low and I’m booted off the game for the update (: In a single player game (:
Are they ever going to fix the Insta kill cheat glitch whatever you wanna call
Nice they buffed my black flame build. Though I do wish that they would increase the duration of black flame blade. 6 second is way too short
Honestly I’ll take the rivers nerf if it means stuff like Scarlet Aeonia and Ranni’s Dark Moon are actually useable now. Was really hoping for a buff to waterfowl dance’s poise as well but I’ll take what I can get.
So they nerf rivers of blood not fkn spells, dammit fromsoft
YES my great stars!! Hahahah melania already hated them now she’ll hate them more!
So you can update but still play on pre updated save for hours until you decide to activate it. I imagine no coop.
It sounds like increased cast speed, not increased cast time.
I’m happy Blackflame incantations are getting buffed.
If you use bleed fire giant dies instantly after phase 1 now
Wow I just got my Rivers of Blood and they nerfed smh they needing the wrong stuff, I’m def annoyed now!!! 😒
I just went through the note and holy shit, my entire kit got buffed. I use nothing but lightning incantations, and lightning weapons. My bolt of gransax was already hitting for 2k, now it’s gonna come out faster and use less FP? This is a happy happy day
They reduced the stagger of bleed and frostbite huh? Guess Hoarfrost Stomp is hurt even more now
What I'm gonna be doing post patch? imma be smackin people with my Knight of the Black Flame build
Strength players keep winning
Moon viel lives again
Just made a low-level coop/pvp character that looks like a Landsknecht, wish me luck.
Colossal swords and weapons buffed >*GUTS THEME INTENSIFIES*
Malenia is tougher, terrific
YES!!!! This is exactly what I have been waiting for.  Colossal Sword Gang!
LETS GO! colossal weapons are going to be more fun and they buffed crucible knight spells!
Please note: This patch mistakenly included an update to the duration of the Cerulean Hidden Tear, shortening it. This unintentional change will be reverted with a minor patch in the near future. RiP my comet azur 🥲.
Rivers of blood is still killing everyone patch did nothing
I haven’t personally seen a difference between the length of blood loss before and after the patch. Maybe they meant that the partial effects were too big?
Lovely changes  Now mi radahn build is more viable
Ah.  going in totally blind and didn't do OP dex and sorcerer builds yet......damn.
01:30 they made whips viable pvp and pve in this game. im so happy about that
But did they fix the pvp afk spots
Finally a colossal sword buff thank god I can finally use it on pvp
Perfect changes for my str and fth build using all of the things that got buffed(A.Dragon Lightning)
I think increased cast speed means they are cast faster. The talismans that say increased cast speed do that and I think they would say increased cast time is they were now slower
Happy to see the strength boys get some love. They been playing on hard mode.
They nerfed all of my favorite incantations :( now sorceries will be the only solid form of magic
So we can still farm runes at mohgwyn palace🙏 🥳 as a mage i like most adjustments..
Rivers of blood didn't get a stealth nerf frostbite and bleed just don't stun as long.
Good thing i dont have to worry about anyvof this already beat the game got 100 % achievements
Hopefully they fixed the renala fight too
Figures... I literally just got ROB last night. Fml
Shields are already underpowered. Why nerf the Greatshield talisman. Anybody with a bleed weapon pretty much makes any shield useless anyway. Not to mention some weapons straight up ignore shields.
You can now also get invasions that where previously locked by defeating some story bosses, I just got the rivers of blood katana that I would have otherwise missed since I killed the fire giant earlier this week.
Colossal weapons are my favorite, and I'm so glad they got buffed oh my god
Looks like flame builds got even more powerful
I HAVE A GUTS BUILD SO LET'S GOOOOOOO!!!!
Welp, the invisible enemies bug hasn't been patched yet : D *So fun :)*
Slightly increased FP and Stamina growth rate at lower levels*    *Players will need to perform any of the following actions for the changes to be reflected. This is required only once. New characters created after this update will not require this action.  Level up Activate Godrick’s Great Rune Re-equipping any equipment (armor, talisman) which grants bonus stat to either Strength, Dexterity, Vigor, Endurance, Intelligence, Faith or Arcane
Swarm of flies nerf hurts a bit, it's still usable but a lot less FP efficient than it was.
Killed my fingerprint shield, no more infinite blocks : (
As a ghiza wheel lover I am looking forward to Elden ring tonight
Goddamn Fromsoft. Just nerf rivers of blood already. Its still broken as hell. Theres no need for a katana that puts the game in easy mode. Either the damage, bloodloss buildup or range of the L2 needs a major debuff.
Rivers of blood won’t be as annoying, finally.
I've been trying rivers for at least two hours now and the dmg is pretty much the same except it doesn't stagger nearly as much and this might just be me, but i feel its draining mana way, way faster
Definitely won’t be re-equipping my great shield talisman 😉🤫
Is the nagakiba considered a colossal sword or is it in the katana class?
I'm currently downloading Version 1.06 not 1.04 hmmm
scythes and moonlight greatsword need buff
5:00 glitch
Only thing they messed with of mine was the flies but it shouldn’t matter too much
that death rite bird by the Apostle Derelict is the true final boss in the game I swear that thing is nasty. Also pretty pumped for the colossal weapons change. Thank you for the video
Im not playing until they nerf Rivers of Blood. Absolutely disgusting they didnt nerf it significantly. If the large majority of the player base is using a singular weapon, you have an issue. The stagger fix is really nice, but nowhere near enough.
Swarm of flies was a boss cheese. RIP lol
Scarlet Aeonia finally got a buff! Will need a test
Heeey, good for the chonker bros who like to carry those big sticks. Now they get to enjoy a piece of that tasty pie Arcaners scarfed down after the scaling fix!
This update could have been useful for my two hammer play through. Oh well.
I like the patch! However my only criticism is that bloodhound step is still not nerfed... I really think that it should double the fp cost the more you spam it just to balance it out. What do you guys think?
Great, they ruined my great shield talisman build.
Dragon communion seal now useless... Great 😮‍💨
Respecced the 3 extra points in faith i had today  not longer worth it after the nerfs to swarm of flies and dragon communion seal sadly
Phew, at least they’re nerf madness animation and buildup also carian retaliation bug here XD
RoB ABUSERS SEETHING.
I have a strength arcane scaling build for ash of war bonus while im using bleed. colossal weapons atw
i think the decrease in recovery time is to make the casting speed medallion less essential since it does less
,Im a shield boy 💔🥲   after the nerve to the talisman I guess it's time to let my shield go
2:45 ahhh pain
Can we get a buff to great axes now....
I’m so happy, this update has so much needed buffs and quality of life changes.
Of course rivers of blood gets nerfed just as I reached mountaintops of the giants.
Where’s my moonveil buff? We need a damage buff and a 3x range buff. Moonveil is too weak to use now for pvp and pve. Also the ability to put elemental buffs on it would be greatly appreciated
What’s the mace that he is using?
I don’t know what most of this even means.
Sad they nerfed the blood of flies incant. It’s so many op things in the game why even bothe me nerfing anything
Big weapon buff is soooo hype. My Guts build just got better!
so... did they nerf rivers of blood or not? i dont get it
this update is taking for ever
Can anyone confirm rivers of blood nerf? I’m a first time from software player and have been using it for PvE. I just got to radagon and elden beast who already don’t bleed so I feel I may be totally fucked trying to finish this game
Did they fix the Thops the sorcerer revive bug ? I cant revive him by atone if you killed him before raya academy
I’m bored with the game now they need a DLC they need to make assassin and death builds stronger
So how's rivers of blood now ?
hurried video that reads the patch notes without demonstrating anything
I’m duel wielding the watchdog staff and the dragon claw I can assure you the recovery time is huge but idk if it’ll apply to duel wielding unfortunately
Average rivers of blood fan 😤 vs average guts enjoyer 🤩
The ending for Patches had to be patched in. I can’t help but feel this is on purpose.
So beat Godwick before all the videos came out ended up consuming It for the 60 plus thousand runes super earlie....super salty about it
Giant Crushers still suck feelsbadman
Radahn's sword :)
Literally every spell and weapon I was used was buffed. Even the stuff that was already pretty good.
Welp that's why their servers went down around 5 a.m. this morning lol
I’m confused for adulas moonblade? It sounds like a nerf to me  Decreased the power of single cast and improved performance so that the blades and frost hit more consistently and continuously. Increased cast speed at lower dexterity.  Is it now useless? I just started to have a frost mage build
um where he hell is the carian retaliation fix
Why would they buff magic 💀 the only factor with magic that required skill was the fact that it was how u time ur magic attacks , now it’s fast magic + hits like a truck 💀
How’s the bug fix to bloodloss animation. Any noticeable difference
As a faith/incantation build user, this update is certainly very cool
Has the infinite runes dragon glitch been fixed in this patch? If so I ain't updatin
So alot of good stuff as far as buffs and nerfs but still no fix for AFKers behind the first bonfire or at least a way for invaders to attack them legitly that is what is needed the most now getting tired of invading to just have the host on top of a building i cant get to with out turrent or the dam ledges that require him at the start of the game.
I feel like they neefed arcane scaling too. Because one of my weapons was at 102 blood loss and is now 98. Not a major difference, just somthing I noticed
Carrian retaliation glitch is fixed
I hope the madness laser beam does not one shot after nerv and are the invincible daggers fixed? This two are the most stupid thing in game especially the invincible dagger exploit.
Circl
@5:02 Arrekz repeats himself. This bug will be fixed in a small update later. lol
Definitely fixed how rivers of blood skill flows alit smoother and faster..the stagger decrease is minor..cuz idk if it's just me but I'd push that dang l2 button hitting the skill and sometimes mid animation it wouldn't finish the skill...idkwhy but it doesn't do that anymore at least with blood dualcslash...anyone else used to have that problem
I'm sad they nerfed Swarm of Flies. I don't PvP and this incantation has been a Godsend as my opening move against hard enemies.
Did they patch the new rune glitch??🤔
My Guts build was already op, now it’s even more op
God slayer greats sword speed . LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I’d love to see more alterable garments/armours. I feel they totally underutilised this feature.
Personally I like what they did to rivers of blood, don’t like what they did in DS3, where whenever anything was “broken” they would just nurf it into the ground, like this way better is a lot better where they just mainly, lightly balance and just buff other things, gives players a lot of options for good weapons
Time to use the Axe of Godfrey again
Dragon communion seal say no more XD
So in another words, rivers of blood is still very good, at least for PvE
I mean I'm glad they didn't mess up My Rob I'm using it for the story and it helps me get thru it. Idc about ppl and their pvp issues I mean it would of messed up my play through all bc a bunch of pvp cry babies
My game crashes my computer hoping the update fixes that
Appreciate the buffs for colossal weapons, but was there even one ER player who felt mages weren’t powerful enough?
invaders with dual madness spears was a plague for pvp. Once madness procs the animation is about as long as being knocked off a horse. Which guarantees any attack the invader wants to use. Its a true combo almost guarantying a kill. Edit: My issue is with spear and stagger. Since spear is the main way to proc and once that stagger hits its game over. So they will trade hyper aggro to abuse the mechanic.
ALSO idk if it's just me but it seems like the nerfed Cerulean Hidden Tear? I'm counting about 6ish seconds after flask use that it remains active. It feels a little bad. You really have to look for a big opening to cast it. Aside from that I like the patch. I don't use Colossal weapons but reading the notes it's nice to see. It looks like they want wielders of those weapons to actually be able to viably do more than just jump attack the entire game. As a Mage Hybrid I LOVE the magic changes. Crucible spells usable and tons of others getting interruption buffs is great! Would like to see some more buffs to Dragon Incantations getting faster and more stagger resist.
This video needs to be redubbed, it's got almost as much disinformation as your average CNN story.
Average rivers of blood enjoyers sweating balls hearing nerf
Man swarm of flies was carrying me 😫
I'm happy they didn't nerf rivers of blood into the ground because I don't know about the rest of the people who play the game but I've adjusted and I don't fear anyone using rivers of blood now some other weapons I really do but River the blood no mainly because it does Jack shit poise damage so you can just walk through it as long as you have the right weapon you're going to win that trade every time.
Pretty sick of these patches changing huge aspects of the game
when ever i equip a certain weapon my game crashes
They nerfed the interrupt on blood and frost?  I just started a habit of spamming bloodflies last night for that reason. It's really amusing for enemies that dodge a lot. They dodge one, but then there's one or two other ones that catch them after.  They just flail around until dead.
Can they fix the damn summoning system 😒 don't know how long I haven't been able to finish nokron and a few other areas cause I can't summon friends in. It's the stupidest thing ever
No not swarm of bloodflies! That was how I cheesed melania lol
so i need to update my game, and then level up for said update to reflect?? that’s kinda weird lol
This update corrupted my PS5 somehow, nerfed my 90hr progress as I don’t have PSplus 😫
So, what wasn't addressed I was hoping to see was certain weapon skills having damage reduced to zero or down to 1% when rallying standard was used or golden vow. Like hand of malenia
Man why did they fuck with my swarm of flies and rob that's what I'm using to try and best this damn game
They still haven’t fixed the iron Alexander bug. Bruh it’s been like 3 weeks
They are rolling a lot more patched than I expected, for real expected they to not touch the game aside from performance fixes for like 5 months
What is that ash of war you got on the great starts at the beginning of the video ?
So basicly RoB try hards will continue to dominate this game and pvp will continue to be unfair to invaders
I wish they would add a function to favorite weapon and armor pieces so you can quickly get to them without constant dumping in the chest and maybe an option to make loadouts, like 3 or 5 slots that have armor, weapons, arrows, talismans and quick select items already selected so when you suddenly encounter some enemies where your gear isn't ideal, you can quickly swap out.
Before the patches I had a rivers of blood invader try to kill me then hurted him pretty bad then parried his malenia wa then he tried to resort to carian retaliation glitch but still lost.
Lame confirmed no more zero Stam loss on the stone shield.
Thank God. I'm so damn glad the stupid rivers of blood has been tuned down a bit. It's everywhere in pvp
I just used swarm of flies on Malenia and yeah it's nerfed but it still is very effective.
They nerf swarm of flies but not rivers of blood. Sure...
Idk why they increased the cast speed lightning strike and honed bolt. It was already fast enough. Already been playing and that shit is impossible to dodge now.
6:32 Digital extremes should take notes
Have not watched the video and won't because of it's click-bait title. RoB has not had a stealth nerf.
So all we would have to do is activate the great rune and the buffs would be good to go
You talk so fast lol
Do you have to do this everytime you level up?
Fingerprint Greatshield seems to get no apparent benefit from the Greatshield talisman now. Tested both with and without it and stamina cost is effectively the same. It is still better than a fully upgraded Golden Greatshield with the talisman, though.
So many buffs yet my build got most of the nerfs…
They nerfed the dragon communion seal scaling and the bleeding effect of the swarm of flies! SMH I had just leveled up the seal and started using the swarm of flies yesterday and it had made a big difference for me. Ion think ima be updating lol.
One of my characters is a mage/spell caster build. For the flask of wondrous physick, the Cerulean Hidden Tear that eliminates all FP consumption for a time doesn’t last nearly as long. It used to negate FP consumption for 10 seconds, now it seems it barely lasts 5 seconds. Anyone else notice this?
Honestly, as a user of swarm of flies, it's ABSOLUTELY broken.  I try to limit my user of it in pve and use other things.  It's ability to proc bleed in one cast for it's absurdly low fp cost.  Though, given its supposed to be an endgame Incantation, I hope they didn't nerf it into the ground and now you need to cast it like 5 times to proc bleed.
Im still not playen pvp until they fix people stunlocking or 1 shoting me
The notes on the dragon communion seal are a little confusing to me how bad is the nerf?
I know it's early, but how nerfed is Swarm of Flies?   I killed Mellania in about three minutes with that and her aggroing my mimic.  Yeah, it's a cheese, but screw that chick.
Yet they didn’t fix pvp -_-
Maybe re-upload this with a correction regarding casting speed lol
Why does it say 1.06 on my Playstation but all the new videos say 1.04?
Could you talk a little faster
Increased cast speed means faster casting increased cast time is the one that means a nerf.
What's your bottom piece of armor?
Fucking finally carian retaliation is nerfed
Of course, I just beat Melania as a Guts build.. hours and hours of struggle, the whole time thinking, if I could just swing and recover an 8th of a second quicker... 💢💢💢
Just in time for my new colossal weapon character nice gunna grab torrent and ride straight to the zweihander
I read increased cast speed as in a shorter cast time (I'm at work and haven't had a chance to test anything.) If you increase your running speed you finish a race faster. Hence increasing casting speed should have the same effect. If they wanted to make the cast take longer they'd decrease cast speed or increase casting time. At least that's how I read it... kinda bothered me throughout the video. Good roundup though otherwise.
Only thing about this game gets me boiling Single player game and they go F it up...No one cares about multiplayer..  leave it alone Stop Nerfs
If he stopped saying "of course" his videos would be half as long
Colossal weapons definitely need a buff I was hitting harder with some of the small hammer like whats the point
Biggest thing for me was to now finally being able to be invaded by Edgar and Vyke.
I’m very happy I got to play the game at release with all its original glory.
Weren’t colossal weapons meant to be slower because they did way more damage?
Wait. Weren’t mages already strong now they can cast faster ? Gotta respec 😂
Good on the big swords ever since I had to sadly kill Blaidd I been reppin for my wolf boy by wearing his armor and using his greatsword.  Pour out some crystal tears for my boy Blaidd!
STR builds are boring and for lames lmao
the only thing we asked for was Carian retaliation to be fixed absolute shit show fromsoftware
Does anyone know if the increased attack speed for colossal swords also adjusted the Godslayer’s attack speed?
RoB should be nerfed on the corpse piler skill by simply lowering the range and slightly increasing the animation time. That would make you actually having to be in melee range to hit with the skill which would put you in real danger in PvP but still make it okish in PvE, at least imho
Bows need a buff
How did stars of ruin, bloodhound step, or ROB not get touched
Happy for faith and colossal weapon users
Ok well RoB got nerfed so I no longer am op maybe? Hopefully.
I feel like mages needed a buff. Magic is so much harder to use than bleeds. I was gonna do magic for Ng+ but half way gave up and just speed ran with bleed
Great most of my incantations were nerfed or weakened. not sure I will stick around for future updates....
Been doing a no farm run with the grafted blade great sword and they buff it let’s go lol
W update
And yesterdey in my first new gameplus the first thing i did was kill patches , amazing
What I have noticed, when I ask people, about their attitude to this war, world war III, I am banned. Because it is awkward to ask about war in Ukraine! How is that?
They patched the tune farm tho
I hope they unstuck Alexander. I DON'T want to kill him again.
Unpopular opinion... But nothing in this game should've been nerfed from the get-go. Let people learn to play with the system that's built. Most of these nerfs are coming in response to the complaints from a certain corner of this community and it's disgusting.   Let people actually play the game
increased cast speed = faster casting.  Increased cast time = slower casting.
In the very beginning of your video your apply that stuff to that weapon but I can’t do that to mine (same weapon of course) is it cause I have an ash of war on mine
Once again this fucking mofos nerfed my build before yes it was op now it was normal i spent 70 fucking hours and that fuckers done that again, why they won't nerf mages?? Mages was OP i wondering what idiot making that stupid Decisions to nerf some classes that game starting to be annoying more and more they should repair things that should be done bugs, expolits, op classes, but every nerf touch me more and more painfully.
THEY STILL HAVENT FIXED THE DAMN ONLINE! I'm so fuckimg tired of waiting them to fix this shit, I've waited for cyberpunk to fix there shit and now I have to wait for them to fix a basic online component. Fuck this pile of trash
When they havnt fixed pvp :(
Little bit of feedback on this video. You repeated yourself a few times. Thought that’s something I should note in case you missed it
Yo, huge list! Read it for yourselves. Remember for things to take effect  1. Re equip your talismans and gear  2. Activate godrick great rune 3. And level up 1 time
So they nerfed status effects
Rivers of Cringe
Ngl the best part of this video was you falling off the map
So bows are still terrible, one shot dogs and one shot ant ejaculate are still a thing.  It would be nice if weapons like Winged Scythe get a reduction of required stats, it's literally in the starting area but requires like lvl 35 worth of stats just to use it.  Also, as someone who beat the whole thing with dual colossal swords, I'm disappointed that they only reduced the animations for 2 handing colossal?? What about dual wielding colossals? I'm OK with jump attacks remaining the same, but other dual wielding moves also need animation reductions, not just 2 handed!
did they change the cerulean Hidden tear? because with the flask with everything else my comet azur only goes 5 secs then costs mana
Nice job lying about rivers of blood stealth nerf, stealth nerf implies something not already part of the patch notes
Yay! The Colossal Weapons Got Buffed! :D😊
btw they patched the bird runes farm
Glad they didn't nerf Moonveil or RoB into the ground. I had a feeling they'd buff everything else instead.
I still want to know how to get Dung Eaters sword if the crab killed both of us in the moat and I was unable to pick it up prior to this patch???
I just going to say this and do not care if people like it or not game developers and game  companies can not balance a checkbook never less a game. The reason I say this is form my experience that went they say going to balance a game the meant there going to nerf everything even thing they have buff before until they make it so hard and so nasty bad that only 1 percent would temp to play it vastly killing the game  everyone best thing that can do is fix things and then leve it alone.
Rivers of still broken🤣
Just respected from my colossal STR build to rivers  just to see this damn post. Fuck.
great video dude!
What’s the new incant scaling for the dragon communion seal now? It was 415 before patch
Did magic really need a buff?
Whelp time to reroll faith since rob is nerfed. :(
Did they decresase anything for blood loss for godskin peelers or anything else for the godskin peelers
Ok but that was fucking hilarious what you did to the RoB user at 2:35
So did the rune glitch get patched
My man’s rambling away
Ok so, rather than giving incantations hyper armor they sped them up instead. Guess we'll see what comes of that. They'd need to be at least one and a half times faster for the big showy ones. Reduced FP rebalance was nice all things considered.
Maybe I’ll be able to co-op now
We need a rune bear nerf asap!
The Colossal Weapon attack speed was needed. Very fun weapons but where they suffered most was in cramped areas against fast moving enemies imo. I was constantly using the running and jumping attack to try and compensate.  This should remedy that some.
Nooooooo!!! I just respec to try rivers of blood lol
What did they change for rivers of blood?
They also fixed a bug that happened to a lot of people, in wich an enemy npc would not be summoned on the revenger shack, necesary to complete the blind maiden quest
why would they nerf madness dog
If you play vanilla mode .  You can kill patches after you befriend him and he will have infinite gold pickled fowl feet to buy and you get your old mimic back .    Totally off the point .
Swarm of flies, it was fun while it lasted. RIP.
Anyone notice a difference in swarm of flies
I think it's pretty crappy that they are only fixing bugged quests a month after the game's release. How did quest completion escape game testing? The testers and even devs themselves probably have no idea how quests progress in the game.
As an “Axe of Godfrey” main, I’m glad. I’m very glad 😊
I’m glad for patches but they need to add unlimited re-specs.
i literally made a build yesterday using dragon seal and swarm of flies with a bunch of lightning spells and all of them got nerfed today
I hate massive changes like this its almost a whole new game to learn
“ROB wasn’t nerfed” FUCKS SAKE FROM
rivers of blood did seem to get an FP cost increase. cant remember exactly but around (15)9 from a previous (11/7). I think dont quote me on those numbers
Performance still suck lol,incompetent devs.
Bro I'm just tired of nerfing weapons, just leave stuff alone for more than 2 weeks so I can play, I only pve and can't settle into a build without then nerfing something constantly it seems.
They reduced the time that you have infinite FP with the cerulean tear
So did anyone figure out the colossal weapon changes? The speed for sure is miniscule and from the few pvp matches I could do the most prevalent change is the recovery time for earlier dodges. I am still kinda confused what they changed with the two handing damage? It seems either very very miniscule or they actually only buffed poise damage?
How tf didn't they fix the dog bleed bug
Lol, here I was thinking they would nerf collosals. With dual wielded collosals you can literally stunlock jump attack radagon 4 times, riposte , 4 more and riposte no dodges no nothing. For PvP purposes though I can see how the recovery needs to be shorter when collosals literally do less damage than most blood builds even though they are way slower.
"Increase Cast Speed" Means it casts FASTER? Isn't that how the English language works?!?!?!
Anyone who wants to do the rune glitch in the blood area just jump the wall next to the grace you can get back upto that bit with abit of jumping on your horse
Just finished a Guts build with Lions Claw as my AoW. This could not have come at a better time
now, with faster casting speed, I can really turn myself into a FP consuming machine gun.
LoL rivers of blood nerf.  Press L2/left bumper twice to win.  Please let them patch out that carian retaliation cheese, that shit is getting annoying.
Why, though?
Glad to hear about the colossal weapons buffs, never had to much of an issue with them but i did realize the draw backs of using them, but damage man, that damage and hyper armor is nice.
ngl was hoping they'd nerf rob into the ground. After the 100th rob spammer in duels, I'm pretty sick of it.
Dude you scared the hell out of me with that rivers of blood nerf in the title. I just got to the snowy area and haven't gotten the rivers of blood yet. I have been looking forward to trying that weapon for over a month. I was like "no! I'm so close to the sword! They can't nerf the weapon right before I get to it!"
im a strength int frost barbarian. frost spear new hitbox, colossal weapon speed buff, wolf’s assault speed buff, various spell low dex speed buffs. I’m eating good. Adula’s moonblade nerf hurts but was needed to balance spells
Yo. For real. I was about to respec out of str... Not now lol 😂😋
My Str/Fai build just got so buffed, Elden Stars and the Colossal Greatsword are already busted, but now WOW, im so excited. I have a few vids on this if ur interested in seeing their viability pre-patch! :D
I saw the update when I went for my lunch hour gaming session. I was a bit worried but I don't think there's anything there that massively affects what I use currently. I'm not able to use colossal weapons with my current strength/dex combo so I've got that to look forward to. Overall not too bad but I feel for anyone who's had their build destroyed - that's the bad bit about getting into a game early.
entire bleed nerfed? yaass 🎊
Why mess with swarm of flies? It takes me 29 hits to kill something it took me 11 hits before the update.. also why nerf dragon communion seal?
This is fantastic! Now if we can get some underwater areas in DLC that would make me so happy 🤪
The Farming exploit (jumping off the map in Mohg's Palace) got patched too. They added a barrier.
Thank god, I’ve been using an incantation/strength build and I’m happy they fixed the colossal swords, since while slightly faster than the dark souls game it was to slow to get more than one hit after a punish, now the weapon type may be able to compete better with faster bosses and enemies
Looks like they fixed “inescapable frenzy” …I’m curious about those damn rot dogs… someone else go test it for me…
does the lvl boost bug with the black cavelarist still work? or am i just to stupid for it?
Thank god they fixed “edgar and vyke” invasion. We need those to complete hyetta quest
I think you might be misunderstanding the meaning of increased cast speed. I think that means cast time DECREASES (faster speed and all that). That is why it is listed in upward adjustments rather than upwards/downwards adjustments like Azulas
WOOOOOO Says they fixed the Walking Mausoleum bug that prevented player duplicating remembrances! I am running straight to Consecrated Snowfields when I get home from work!
Wait what happened to madness? Somebody break it down please? He ran through that really fast lol and did moonveil finally get nerfed?
after all theese changes I am over the game
No changes to wave of destruction, but wave of gold gets a buff! Sacred sword is still the farm king!
Nerfed flies, nerfed rivers of blood. Effed up game for me.  Hate it
Hmm so waves of gold also got a speed buff. That actually might be semi viable. I’m still too tempted by the colossal greatsword though.
me a colossal sword main who keeps getting destroyed by rivers of blood spammers: :)
I want to build a Faith character but Rivers of Blood is just too powerful to justify switching. Was kind of hoping they would nerf it.
Hope they didn’t patch the new farming method glitch lol
I am Malenia, Blade of Miquella.
Why do people stay at a fixed lvl for pvp?
The run to radagons right cheese has been fixed. Just tied it 10 times but he don't freeze any more
Videos like this is why the dislike button is needed
the potion that makes spells skills cost 0 got nerfed big time instead of 15 now 7.5 seconds
Love ROB ashe of war is so cool but people will shitting on me if I use it  I want it to be nerf so people would stop complain about it
Buff radahn
Swarm of flies was so good now it’s nerfed
Elden ring now has outdone halo infinite even in bug fixed without being a live service game lmao
Wait so I have to lvl to of pop the great rune to get the patch lol? Cause I’m lvl 235
Rivers of Blood users just chilling
Yes it removed the 0 stamina loss on fingerprint shield. No fp loss wonderous physic is now half the time at least so no more boss comet nuking
The day fromsoft decides to nerf my baby rivers is the day I fucking delete the game. Rivers was the reason I even bought the game in the first place how tf they just go and play with the status effect of it. Ain’t no fucking way they fucked up swarm of flies too bruh who tf is suggesting those dumb ass ideas stop touching my bleed build Yoo this not funny. Unga bunga strength build that just swing with 2 giant ass hammers gets a buff but my shit gets nerfed this bs
Who tf is doing patches quest?  Outside if Murkwater the one character that didn't kill his ass I can't find him, apparently he was supposed to be in the swamp but it aint like he appeared on the map so I never knew & its not in a spot u would revisit if u been there. Outside of just looking him up id have no idea where he may be but regardless he aint worth keeping alive.
Yo i love the content but please slow down.. talkin wayyyyyy too fast.. im too dumb to keep up bro 😂
Pyromancy is finally viable hell yes
"because some of you dont want to level up, you to stay locked for PVP" .... yah the turbo virgins that get RoB at lvl 30 ... wouldnt wanna disperse some of  that crowd
Finally my duo colossal swords got the buff they needed. I felt sad having to rely on jump attacks or step skills to get anything killed.
Anyone else feel like bows and ranged items got nerfed? Like significantly nerfed. The +10 Pulley Bow was hitting 500+ dmg per regular arrow on a clean NG. After patch its been doing 300ish dmg with regular arrows. Its not just me feeling this DMG decrease right? If so then that's highly disappointing. Bows should be buffed cause now casting is faster than letting loose an arrow...
This patch nerfed every aspect of my build lol. But I wasn't playing an op build
FINALLY they buffed faith!! All the badass lightning spells now have fucking casting poise! Faster cast speeds, less recovery and FP cost etc. Death lighting uses much less FP now too and they buffed the effect.   Flame of the fell god now has more damage and uses less FP so it doesn’t suck anymore! And a lot of other the pyromancy and black fire spells have more damage and less FP cost as well!   Scarlet Aeonia is actually good now! It comes out sooo much faster AND it has poise! Before one but would cancel it. Now you can get hit multiple times and it’ll still come out. Fuck yes!
Sooo… 1.06 is downloading now
Nerf weebs, embrace GUTS
The new rune farm where you fall for ages and get loads of runes has been patched as well, I went there and they have put lots of rocks at a part that you could climb up before.
And they removed the falling rune farm :(
I love colossal sword, like, my best build is with it
My poor thundercloud form
Love the game but why does nobody care when they release the game with unfinished questlines and then update it in later. If ubisoft did that everyone would absolutely slam them 6 feet under
What’s that fire attack you’re doing?
Strangely enough I beat malenia today with 2 collosal user summons
Stealth nerfs are just a scummy thing to do. Be upfront with what you changed.
Yea nerfing the of the only seals that didn’t scale in strength but no magic tho gets buffed more and more with no downsides don’t decrease comet azur or the staffs nah make all their casting speeds faster straight bs
i'm happy they finally buff the incantation speed, i was playing int before and noticed how slow incantation are compared to sorcery, except beast incantation and lightning spear  on the other hand, it's a bum they haven't buffed loretta's mastery yet, it's still trash compared to loretta's bow
Still no fix to Alexander. He just digs and digs in the desert.
this makes my colossal sword loving heart happy lol
I just respeced for the rivers of blood T-T
What I wanna know is if they patched the ruin glitch. I knew I should've done it yesterday
Carian Retaliation served me well in my level 1 playthrough thus far. RIP my number one solution to mages
It made the mage build weaker cuz they nerfed the 10 secondes infinity magic to 3 lol
they also removed the bug farm jumping from the cliff to clean all area in mogh palace.
I’m confused on the hidden nerf to rivers of blood did they nerf all blood damage and frost damage build up or just nerf that on the rivers of blood?
I like the bleed and frostbite change iam a RoB user and even i think that bleed should not be able to stunlock
Did they fix the afk farming bs?
Hmm... Swarm of Flies is what I use to beat Malenia, guess it's going to be a little bit tougher to beat her now.
gosh i am already at the soft cap hope godricks great rune would work or UN-equieped and equipped will work  or perhaps re stat , lets see mine is still updating
So they didn't really "nerf" rivers of blood. More that they fixed a visual issue with bleed itself and not the weapon
In a world full a games where they release shit patches and make the community mad…. I’m glad From Software knows how to do things the RIGHT way.
Blood loss should not go through great shields but instead  take away from stamina.
So this means my build is still safe 😮‍💨
RIP fingerprint shield
Does this include curved great swords as well??? This would would be great for my bloodhound fang and magma wyrm scalesword
"Increased Cast Speed" not "Decreased Cast Speed" - when speed is increased, it means it goes faster. For example, you increase the speed of your car. Does your car go slower or faster?
All sounds pretty good, but I’m still hoping for a bow buff next time 🤞
No more rivers of blood spam! I love it!
Of course colossal weapons get a buff after I beat my second play through with a strength build last night
Used ROB this morning in PVP and seems to be no change. 1 hitting kids at lvl 150 with 1175 RA
From my testing, +25 Brass Shield with Barricade still has infinite block stamina while barricade is active
animation doesnt effect smh arrekz. this dude is high or drunk. thinks cast speed increase is a need. words are hard
Yeah make sure EVERYONE comments correcting this guy. Like one correction comment wasn’t enough.
The Path of Uunbga Buunga builds is regaining its *strength.*
Ya no thanks on patch lol thanks for patching tho
If they would just nerf moonveil that'd be cool
haha I just killed patches 2 days ago and now have to revive him or NG+
Just for the guys who are here because they were afraid that the rivers of blood has been nerfed: it doesn't affect the damage output, the only nerf was that it doesn't stagger that quickly now.
I am still surprises that they didnt address the afk farmers
ok, but where is Patches’ next location!  i knew that f🤬ers quest wasn’t done!
What  sword weapon are you demonstrating first in the video and also the red spike weapon
1. The wrong warp via perfumers grotto got fixed. You spawn a little bit closer to the entrance. 2. The combination of fire deadly sin and the blood sword incantation still works.
Bruh. Stop changing the game 😂
KInda too late imo, a lot of people already beat the game and probably did NG+ a couple of time. Maybe after a few months I'll replay the game an enjoy the changes but to those chads that use beeg weapons have fun with the buffs
TAKE NOTES GEARBOX!!
Summary: colossal sword improved; sorcery and incantions improved; dragon sorseal worsened (i do not know why). So, mages are stronger than they were, at last pure warrior are stronger and faith builds are better. I really hate than dragon sorseal have been nerfeded
Every patch note I hope for bow scaling buff and every time I’m sad lol
No more Carian Retaliation bs no more so Im happy:)
I was scared rivers of blood was nerfed because I barely completed my build after 40 hours of trying to make one.
You have to do stuff to apply these changes ? So RoB users simply won'T touch their character and keep it broken, or am I misunderstanding this ?
0:50 - the only change(s) where players need to perform a specific action are the 'FP and Stamina growth rates at lower levels'. That change is marked with an asterisk to show this.
Did they nerf moonveil?
So I just turned on the PS4 and it said that it just downloaded 1.06…. 😳
I'm relieved they buffed wave of gold instead of nerfing it.
And they still haven’t fucking fixed the thing that make you lose spells I’ve lost 2 spells after getting it for the second time it’s annoying the shit out of my the spells just got deleted for no reason
you can now get the rivers of blood katana even if you have killed the giant   ( those who the samurai wasn't spawning for)
Stealth nerfs is why I won’t be updating my version until the DLC. No thank you!!
swarm of flies!!!! noooooooo! lol
Still nothing on carian retaliation glitch 😭
Yeah I think increased cast speed is faster which would be a buff, I think a nerf would be increased time to cast spells
The things they ask to do like leveling up , using godrick rune etc are only for the change on FP and stamina growth rate at lover levels. Look at the asterisk
Made my build better by so much. I duel Wield the Black Blade colossal sword with Rahdan's Great swords in my left, and in my side pocket I keep my Thundercloud form spear in my right 2nd slot, and a seal in my 2nd left hand slot. All the spells I use are the Lightning type and every now and then I'll put on Malenia's Spell in addition to the other lightning spells. Buffed everything I use. I'm happy :)  Edit: (Im level 430 so I have a lot of room for equipment Load lmao. I still am able to equip any armor I want)
It's the Patches patch!
As a great sword and spell/incantation  build. I'm loving this
Adula Moon Blade got nerfed some its about pvp..smh..
I'm gonna bonk people even harder now.
Apologies, increased cast speed is a TASTY buff. The wording threw me off. Clearly I should have had my morning coffee before reading the patch notes. Basically, mages are happy pandas now! 🐼
I guess  i'll have to farm 5.3 mill  to level up wtf
Didnt see this in the comments, so incase no one else posted it, the 'do this action 1x' only applies to the changes about FP per level of Mind at lower levels. Has nothing to do with weapon or talisman balances.
I guess I've vanquished Malenia right on time.
Ddudddee lets goo ! I just finished my first play through using rivers and ive been planning a mage build for my 2nd run and it just got buffed lets gooooooo
Unfortunate that Madness incantations got a hit, although I guess the Frenzy Burst spam was a little too effective, especialy when compared to the other Madness incantations' power
Imagine being a 'content creator' - like imagine this being your actual job - and not being able to read patch notes and understand that increasing the cast speed means making something faster and not slower
I felt like the river of blood range is smaller and the dmg decreased by 100, I was easily reached 1k2 dmg on river of blood with golden vow and flame grant me strength
Idk, the whole point of colossal weapons still looks like a huge miss to me. Here's an example: I was using Maliketh's BB vs Mohg in NG+ and he was destroying me. I equipped a double Bloodhound Fang with a sub-optimal build and I nuked him so hard he wasn't even able to get into phase 2. Now, at level 250+ with 62str and 62dex Bloodhound Fang hits harder than the Greatswords AND does bleed damage AND has an op Ash Of War on top of it. That's absolutely fucking dumb. I'd rather have any colossal weapon hitting for 2.5k dmg every 2 seconds or whatever and demolishes enemy poise than a fast one that still feels weaker than a stupid curved greatsword.
Might have wanted to take more time to read the patch notes and understand what they were as you missed a couple of big ones and misunderstood some buffs as nerfs.
nerf rivers of blood says pvpers, whatever this is not a pvp made game it is a feature to please a player base and in the end it is a pve game.  Shouldn't be any nerfs due yo pvp.
MAGES RISE UP !
Aww not the swarm😩
Fuck ya destroy everything with colossal wep
So every time I kill a character, they add more to their quest... great.
Bruh I just beat the whole game with the fucking shitty strength weapons and now they buff them.
i wish they buffed hand of malenia its so underwhelming even with all the best talismans and buffs for it
rivers of blood would have needed a real nerf or, even better, all the other underused wapons needes a buff imho, one appeal of PVP is to see a variety of weapons, I try to bring that to the community, but 75% of all other players that I encounter use Rivers of Blood, this hurts the game I think
Okay okay here it is simple breakdown: INCREASE CAST SPEED equals FASTER CAST.    INCREASE CAST TIME equals SLOWER CAST
So wait… wasn’t Rivers of Blood the Katana used by “Let Me Solo Her,”?   Mind you, who knows if this will really affect the legend by much (if any), but it does seem interesting to see a “stealth nerf” at a time when it was seen as the weapon of choice for a certain pot headed individual.  Other than that though, pretty nice adjustments all around. Working on playthroughs that would be affected by these changes, so I’m happy to see what is seemingly buffs all around for fire spells and colossal weapons.
Don't forget they fixed the sythe so it can now have poison and bleed at the same time as originally intended🤙
Yo they fixed edgar the revenger quest! I can finally get my frenzy flame talisman!
Looks like I'll be spending the next few hours offline shooting arrows at a giant rotting bird
I am sad that Vyke's Dragonbolt didn't get a buff, but I can still hope for a buff in future patches... right?
what I care is Poisonous Mist - Increased cast speed. Poison Moth Flight - Increased cast speed and decreased recovery time maybe poison buikt now vaiable?
Still no bow scaling or ash of war adjustments, maybe one day.
Been testing ROB and the L2 feels exactly the same as before. Don't think it changed.
I played a colossal weapons build before this and it was so op so the fact it got a buff is insane.
Poor TwoSixNine, getting rammed and burnt in front of us all !
I don’t even understand the game well enough to know 80% of the patch notes 🤣
My whole build got buffed, like all spells, weapons, side weapons. I'm glad.
so many non-RPG players in elden ring they will never know ATK spd is one of the strongest stat in all RPG/MMORPG games
Hopefully they nerfed the invisible spell blade counter
Am i high? I download the patch right now, and it says "Version 1.06".
however there are no performance fixes. smh.
Finally we the Colossal Weapon enjoyers getting the respect we deserve !!
Wait so if Someone did none of those things at 00:58 to change the update then someone could still technically get away with old builds?   Don’t they think that’s a little weird to still allow for old mechanics to go up against new ones?
... can't even understand the patch notes. Cast speed increases is a buff.
W for us strength users
Great video I was waiting on these types I was interested in what changed I love the vid well done 👏 👍
they improved drop frame in pc???? or they simple just ignored that fact?
Rivers nerf? We’ll see on PvP and thank Elden God that carian retaliation isn’t glitch exploit anymore
not a fan that they pretty much left rivers of blood "untouched"
R.I.P. Carian Retaliation shield glitch. You were annoying in PvP but you helped me through some tough enemies
l turned off my wifi before the update to abuse a bit more of some of the stuff that getting nerfs but lm so happy this game keeps getting updates more and more
Does this mean that they have nerfed the blood flies incantation? Or has it received a increased cast speed buff?
Rip Madness
Always wanted to use malikeths Black blade but now I can
Cerulean Hidden Tear is nerf so bad,  Unli FP from 10 seconds down to almost 5 seconds :( Comet Azur no more
Colossal Sword main here. Lowered recovery time means after a swing, you spend less time in that animation right?
I feel like the frenzy seal didn’t really need a nerf, right? I know madness was annoying in PvP, but wasn’t that mostly Vyke’s Spear?
They seriously need to leave this game alone.  They make it worse every time they touch it.
I got patch 1.06 today?  What's going on?
RIP fingerprint shield also
35% dmg nerf on bleed proc or slower buildup would be nice. Comming from a bleed user since Ds1. Nice to see colossal got some love
How did they not nerf bleed damage.  So frustrating
Does anyone know if the colossal weapon buff is for holding one weapon with 2 hands or does it apply if you hold 2 colossal’s in 2 hands
Why buff sorcery? Kind of strong already...
2:45 xD
In my 200 hrs I started Strength build to Bleed build to Magic build to Faith build. I might stay on Faith build for a bit til I change to Strength build.
rune farming is over :(
So they didn’t nerf rivers of blood? Less go
I could care less about pvp. It's so stupid. Rivers of blood rivers of blood and rivers of blood. And the infamous instant death when nothing touches you. I block everyone who does this.
PSA: DO NOT UPDATE before using the rune farm at the moghwyn palace cliff where you fall through the map.. it was great while it lasted fellas. I'll never understand why such nerfs need to happen. I don't mind the other ones thus far. But killing this rune farm put a damper on my enjoyment of this game for some reason. i just find this move unnecessary.
so... everything is faster and the recovery is faster. Damn
What happened to the cliff farm???
increased cast speed sounds like a buff to me.
I can’t tell if them just making this shit harder for no reason 😂😂😂
time to update!
Did they nerf madness  all around the board?
The shield ash of War with those 3 swords got buffed a lot. Previously it has done around 3000-4000 damage and now it's about 300. Not usable anymore. But I found some interesting boss glitches. In the secound phase of the fire giant, for some reason it died in 3 secounds. I haven't found out, what the hell was going on but well. The god skin dou died on me too in 15 secounds after I killed the big one once. It Was pretty weired. Never had that before in any of my runs. I'm NG++ btw and my current setup isn't that wild. I focused on damage Negation so.. yeah, I don't know what to think about this for now 😅
Holy shit, so are we casting spells faster now or slower ?? I’m so confused what the increased cast speed means at this point
rip madnesslock
Yay, the slow-moving swarm of flies now bleeds less... and bleeds don't stagger as hard... double nerf. I wonder what the nerf to the dragon seal actually means. It seems they just wanted to nerf bleed all around: the spells stagger less, take longer, proc slower, etc.
Of course they nerfed a bunch a shit
Wait so u have to initiate the update so that means most people wont see the changes than? Wtf
Honestly they should just leave this game alone.  I don't remember them buffing or nerfing anything in other souls games .
*what's up, what's up*
NO! Not Swarm of flies! My go to, to offset my lack of skill.
i can now even better rock my double waraxe build letsgo
increase cast speed means its FASTER. cmon man
The thing that needs you to level, activate Godrick's Rune, or equip armour is explicitely the FP and Stamina changes. Basically getting more FP and Stamina per level put in at the lower level end.  Also "Increase Cast Speed" means they should be quicker to cast. "Increase Cast Time" would be the nerf. See "Decrease Recovery Time" meaning you are locked in the animation for a shorter period of time. I also dont't think "bigger than expected" applies to the stagger animation, I think it's the blood and frost effect that explodes out from the target. It was probably more chonky than intended.
Not gonna mention the character auto rotate on/off....lol those are annoying when moving around pillar....nice to see I can turn it off now
perfect timing cause i’m trying out the strength/ tank build with the colossal swords
Lol I love how he thinks these are all nerfs
When you got hit by blood loss didn’t stun you?
When is the performance patch coming? Why am i still playing FORTISSAX at 25 fps????
YEESSSS! Finally! I can tank some enemy attacks while casting my Fortisax's lightning spear! Whoooo!
every new patch, I stop playing pve because basic functionality mods stop working like widescreen, fps unlock,etc
Before you watch the video i recommend you just read the patch notes yourself, it'll save a lot of time
There is no nerf for rivers of blood
Berserker Guts would be happy with this update man i been playing Offline since weeks ago just hoping they will add someday Critical grab attack for my Belmont Whips
I'm currently at work so I won't know for a couple hours until I get home and update my game.  but I heard greatshield talisman was nerfed and i was wondering if the finger print shield + greatshield talisman  combo for absolute zero stamina loss when blocking enemy attacks is still working ? It helps alot in ng+ pve.  And I really really hope it's still a thing . They already broke my heart with great turtle shield + Barricade wall in the 1.3 update.   I'm not ready to go through it again... On another note.  Yay! colossal weapons got a nice buff.
Whelp,  time to make a new hero class character...
My greatsword is Stronger AND faster? YES!!! 💪😁
Increased Cast Speed =/= Increased Cast Time. Are we sure we aren't misunderstanding the patch notes here?
FINALLY, some incantation buffs!
What happens if you don’t level up or do any of the balance change enablers? Do you not activate the patches?
They also fixed radagon cheese lol
Colossal sword users rise! Now is our time to destroy the katana weebs
Increased cast speed is… a nerf… okay lol
Adding the ability to dodge in order to cancel long ash of war cast animations is imho a real game changer. Allows the use of so msny other fun options
Not updating as I want to keep the falling off the map glitch. ;)
Can't wait to try out the moonlight sword now
I was planning to make darkmoon build. Glad they increase the frost buildup.
Anyone can point some builds thats worth to respec now after 1.04? For a ng+ start. and fast run through
It's worth mentioning that the "Carian Retaliation" bug/exploit was finally fixed, that was an annoying one, glad it's gone.
They need to stop these damn nerfs man smfh wtf is wrong with these devs
Only some of the changes require the level up/equipment change
Now 1.04, You can still buy stuff from Gostoc after beating the boss
Increased cast speed reads like they made the casting speed faster or decreased the casting time. Basically spells casts faster.   Also the changes are in the "upwards adjustment" tab meaning only buffs not the "Upwards and Downwards adjustment" which refers to things that have been buffed and nerfed
Mage is broken now sadly
My shield seems to have taken a hit
The Greatstar is a personal favorite. I love the Colossal weapon buffs!
Yes they did but not on this patch like a week ago they nerf the power inflicted
Como esse patch afeta o Grêmio?
Strength builds need a buff, I made a dex dual katana build with only 20 dex and it hits harder than my 40 strength build. It's ridiculous
Memories broken the truth goes unspoken I’ve even forgotten my naaaaaame, but there will be blood (blood) shed (shed) ITSS THE ONLY THING I KNOW FOR REEEEEAAAAALLLLL
Hi
But there's just one problem, i just found out that it block out all of the glitches to get millions of runes
My man Arekkz keeping us in the loop, thank you!!!!
Nerrrfs!
First
i just got the rivers of blood yesterday on god LMFAO RIP
early
