I ain’t afraid of no ghosts
Dragon ball z kakarot nintendo switch
DELTARUNE CHAPTER 2 FOR SWITCH!
You dont know how much do i love warioware and now he is finally getting a new game! Thanks Nintendo!
IM LATE BUT OMG THAT WAS AMAZING MY NEW FAV BEST DIRECT WOO
I've watched only last few minutes about BOTW2, but can't stop to be exciting!!!
Cursing returns lettttttts gooooooooo This will be my frist cursin
Re- release Punch out wii for the switch like you did for Donkey Kong Tropical Freeze please
ALE ROZPIERDOOL give me zelda2
Imagine they added spongbob  Just imagine
Everyone else fighting  Kazuya throwing people off the map
Tails y knuckles en smash dónde quedó Sega nintendo no sean malos pongan más que sea un personaje de Sega
Hear me out nintendo... for next smash dlc: - Cody and May (from It Takes Two) - Master Chief (Halo) - Goku (DragonBall Z)   Any likes if you agree?
Where is king bach
smashhh
Where is king bach?
Is this gonna be more gameplay alike to Metroid fusion?
Ok toi choisir DLC SUPER SMASH BROS ultimate  il faut choisir DLC le héros
smash bros ultimate date de décès dlc choisir au héros
Theres no smash reveal without killing one of the characters :D
me here waiting for Repentence on switch
BOTW 2 is going to be incredible I can't wait
Kirby in the background flying up XD
Nintendo plese Godzilla in smash Bros ultimate
So no conker 🥲
Still no crash or eggman
MGS, Silent Hill 2 please ;)
BOTW2 LOOKS AMAZING!!!!
You know what we need in Z BotW 2, FISHING It feels like something that should have been in Z BotW, it fits well
Flamethrower dragon hand baby👻👻👻
we need mario strikers on the switch
I wish they did remake of Wind waker instead of Sky sword 🥲
Really thought he said "here's some nudes!" At 18:07
we were robbed of an acnh update rip
I'll do my very best to beat Breath of the Wild before the sequel.
So, what are we going to see in Life is Strange Remastered Collection? Life is Strange 1 and 2 with all episodes remastered? Or all previous games?
MARIO IS ALIVE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Did anyone even notice that SMT 5 has the exact same battle UI as Tokyo mirage sessions?  I see nobody talking about this fact
So instead of finally making more boards available as DLC, players of the original Super Mario Party on Switch have to buy a completely new, standalone game?
SMT5 is all I wanted. Thank you nintendo. Hope we get a dank collector's edition in the uk
When is paper plane simulator nintendo special edition coming out?! Smh, worst announcement EVER!
Konichiba
Hmmmm...I actually think Nintendo won E3 this year overall...if we still do the winning E3 thing, lots of stuff actually available this year, mostly gameplay rather than in-game concept trailers and some big hitters and variety to boot, good stuff! 👏 Also, Kirby with them youtube strats 😂
DREAD DREAD DREAD DREAD
Well that was a little short. Looks ok.
Underwater in botw2 woulda been sweet too
Why people are hyped for nothing ? Only good thing was new 2d Metroid game and even that feels bit of cheap these days since there's so many indiedevs doing 2d metroidlikes which are cheaper and usually more innovative.
So can’t wait for Zelda 2! So awesome it’s on caries on from the first Breath of the Wild.
2022 so that's when the Switch Pro will come out ;)
Yooo!!
Where is gta v?
Omg advanced wars is coming!!!!
I hope this mario party won't only be playable by joy con
TIME STAMPS FOR EVERY GAME  1:57 Kazuya in Smash <<< BIG BOY >>> 5:56 Life is Strange Remastered 7:16 Guardians of the Galaxy 7:44 Worms 8:19 Astria Ascending 8:44 Two Point Campus 9:14 Super Monkey Ball 10:25 Mario Party 12:07 Metroid Dread <<< BIG BOY >>> 15:06 Just Dance 15:38 Cruis'n Blast 16:08 Dragonball Z: Kakarot 17:08 Mario Golf 18:36 Monster Hunter Stories 2 20:04 WarioWare 21:55 Shin Megami Tensei V <<< BIG BOY >>> 25:18 Danganrompa 27:11 Project Zero 28:11 Doom Eternal DLC 28:50 Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 1+2 29:18 Strange Brigade 29:58 Mario + Rabbids 30:50 Advance Wars <<< BIG BOY >>> 32:16 Hyrule Warriors AOC Expansion 33:20 Legend of Zelda hype train starts rolling... chugga chugga... 33:50 Skyward Sword HD... chugga chugga... 34:45 Game & Watch Zelda... chugga chugga... 36:12 !!!CHOO CHOO!!! 36:36 Legend of Zelda BOTW 2 <<< BIGGEST BOY >>> 38:30 Closing Words
The Mario Party update is honestly what I'm most excited for...
Expanding BotW to incorporate Skyward Sword aesthetics and game elements? I'm moist with anticipation...take my money now!  All we need is the boat and treasure grapple from Wind Waker and you can stick a fork in me & call me done!
I’ve been waiting for the 2D Metroid game!
Enjoyed a number of these announcements and this was the best direct in so long, but where the heck in Bayonetta 3 lol
Advance wars is baaaaaack!!!!!!!!!
Best announcement from the whole direct showcase IMO! Loved advance wars back on the GBA
The new Zelda 🤩🤩🤩🤩
Everyone: just port metroid prime already. Nintendo:
You know Nintendo is a good company when they can make their 40 min news broadcast feel like 10 min.
Never getting a new Kid Icarus game huh?
Ports and remakes at full price and a battle pass for hyrule warriors, Nintendo has lost it, acting like a small indie company. They get worse every year!!
That's a lot of insta pre-orders right there. Great selection of games! I'm so glad that Nintendo found the way back to greatness ever since releasing the Switch.
Looking forward to play Zelda!
That's a lot of stamina!
CANT WAITTTTTT
Lol kills me every-time they snap their fingers 😂
One more charater
OMG how awesome the Metroid looks! Seems like it has a great retro feel while having impressive graphics, very cool. Golf seemed like a pretty clever and fun game too :D
SMT V LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO (Dude I've waited forever for this game I'm so hyped and with botw2 and the new smash character AHHHHHHH! This direct is awesome I like everything!) Now all I really want is a new fire emblem game that isn't super....meh for the switch.
Kazuya from tekken, a nice character to add for smash ultimate.
Metroid 5 just won E3 for Nintendo !!!!!
I’m really happy that Nintendo were able to pull off a satisfying Direct. Having smaller, more enjoyable games like Wario-Ware and Monkey-Ball and a huge first party game trailer at the end was the key to this Direct’s success. Good Job Nintendo!!
Danganronpa is finally on switch!!! Also the new smt looks amazing
my thoughts: 1) super monkey ball shocked me, my jaw was on the floor??? that game reminds me of my childhood. 2) Danganronpa on the switch? that's mad. I am a simp for nagito komaeda. Maybe they will add nagito to smash and his power will be that he just never gets hit (I have never played smash, is this how it works?). 3) Zelda sequel looks amazing. 4) Brewster is dead :(
I was hoping to hear anything on the Switch Pro.  Bummed about that, but super hyped for Metroid Dread.  Can’t wait to play it
Spike Chunsoft :were gonna release all Danganronpa games onto the switch for its 10 year anniversary!  UDG :oh wow I can't wait! USC  : n o
nintendo, get it together with animal crossing. if not at e3, when are you going to reveal a new update? New horizons feels more and more disappointing as the small stuff we do get is the stuff nobody really wanted. you know it's getting bad when your game's fanbase is clinging to hope of return item mentions in bits of leaked code from months ago
I mean, how far have we all fallen, when people think that was good? Snoooze fest. They spent the first 5 minutes on a new character in Smash Brothers. What!!! Breath of the Wild and Metroid just about got my attention.
Seems like I’m the only one extremely excited for Monster Hunter Stories 2…
Honestly disappointed in the lack of 35th anniversary stuff for Zelda... Nintendo.shat the bed there... Metroid looks good though and mario golf will probably be a laugh
Feel  diaapointed. Was so long since i eanted  to play on the switch. Have been alot  og waiting for a game that i want to play and Wonder if it will drop on the switch or if they want me to buy another console
Thank you Nintendo for having what might've been the ONLY good showing of E3. Metroid Dread. YESSSSSSS.  Also, a new Cruis'n game and a new Wario game? Two things I didn't know I wanted so badly until I saw them.
I'm really sad there wasn't any new splatoon 3 news qwp
Happy about BOTW2 for all the fans.... but i’m dissapointed there was absolutely no news of an AC update. So much for the ‘4 years of updates planned’ cause at this point we get like 3 new items every 2 months
I won't be getting Mario Party this time unless they actually update it, unlike the last Mario Party.
Where is acnh? You have a huge player base, why no updates or anything. Disappointed
E3 winner 🏆🥇
Im cancelling my fighters pass. Ryu and Ken, ok. Terry was a bit much for me. But now this?? No thanks.
Well i didn't get battalion wars 3 or at least remastered one. I got advance wars so im grateful for it.
Kazuya as the devil revealed on 15/06 at 18pm CET time. 666 well nice touch ...
GAY
Project Zeeeeeeeeeero asgkjsfhghbgbhbg.. I never had the Wii so I missed this one 😀 plus Danganronpa = YEEEEEEEES
Can't believe they're reusing the BOTW map 😒😒😒 such a shame
That was pretty good. I don’t care what naysayers say, it’s pretty good.
Wow that was pretty bad... Liked the new Metroid while we wait, wanted dark world in zelda but no getting dumb sky.
wow i cant believe theu executed captain falcon live on stage
i wes looking forward for splatoon 3 news but honestly this direct was good either way
Halo and Advance Wars. My childhood is coming back this year.
Picking up SMT 3 and 5 this year. Very excited
Ahh a new shin megami tensei
Edit: this timestamp has become obsolete because the wait has been edited out. Thank you for all your support and have a great 2021
the sequel looks like it's going to be the best game ever
DANGANRONPA YES I CAN FINALLY PLAY THE GAMES FOR MYSELF WOOO
BREATH OF THE WILD POG
PROJECT ZERO F**K YEAH!!!!!
disappointed
WARIO AND PROJECT ZERO I AM SUPER HAPPY THANK YOU NINTENDO
really wanted doomslayer in smash 😞
Metroid dread....super cool.....
The last DLC fighter that I want is Wreck-It Ralph in Smash Bros ultimate that will be amazing and outstanding
Am I the only one triggered by the way the announcer guy pronounced Danganronpa?
Still no switch pro then! 🤦🏻‍♂️
That was a great direct. I was being a bit dissapointed in the final zelda bit but following the game and watch made me hyped for that announcement again. I dont even like that franchise but it was still a great announcement.
since when was devil kazuya a thing devil jin sure but never heard of devil kazuya gonna be honest though jin is a better character
Any Silksong fans that came here just to be sad?
Let the Legend of Zelda fan-art season commence!
Me waiting for bayonetta 3 after years
ADVANCED WARS BABY!!!
A new metroid game just as i started a replay of the 3ds one this is awesome :D
Hold on mario+rabiits are back again after some years Coool
So many dropped frames… looks like the switch is on its last legs.
Very much excited for Life is Strange and Warioware! A bit disappointed that theres no new ACNH news, but all of the new games make up for it!
NEW ADVANCE WARS? NOCAP?
So is Super Mario Party just abandoned at this point?
Wasn't too excited about the smash character (this is my opinion don't kill me plz and thx) but having Wario Ware, Danganrompa,Mario Party,Metroid Dread and Breath of the Wild 2 made it a good direct for me but I can see why some people are frustrated and that's ok but just don't put hate toward Sakurai and everyone else.
If you wasn't happy with any of that direct then your taste probably sucks
No Earthbound for Switch?
People are saying how disappointed they are with this direct....they can’t ever be happy :/. Lots of awesome stuff here!  Especially excited for the game and watch
No mario kart 9 No crash in smash No donkey kong No splatoon 3 news  Nothing?
Great stuff. New Metroid, new Wario Ware, and the return of Advance Wars and Monkey Ball. At least that’s two good conferences at E3 this year.
ngl I would care more about BoTW 2 if they didn't kill my interest with LoZ game and watch
Think you need to be atleast 30 to understand just how good this direct was.
Pretty lame! You can't re-announce games you already announced at the biggest gaming event of the year! No Switch Pro, no Mario Kart 9, no Metroid Trilogy, Couple of lame updates in Wario Ware and Advance Wars. Where are the big hitters other than Metroid Dread?!?!
no new 3d mario game like sequel to odyssey. no new mario games probably not coming to nintendo switch, sad, i need sell my switch
Metroid prime 4. I will never give up on you.
Ahhhhhh I’m so excited for Danganronpa!!
Pikmin 4 please and Mario Kart 9
Oh hey. That’s pretty cool.
yo metroid 5 yasssss
Wasn’t impressed at all it could’ve of been better it was a totally left field pick for smash no Mario kart 9 no switch pro I mean I know we’re in a pandemic but come on
1/10
I'M GOING INSANE RN
Donkey kong: I’m it’s my 40th birthday this year Nintendo: danganrompa is turning 10, let’s do a celebration
So no Metroid Prime 4?
Now that the next Zelda is a switch exclusive, yuzu and other emulators will have wayyyy more demand, and so, way more improvements and optimizations, hopefully
Thank you
Go to 39:57 cuz thats where it starts
This direct sucks. The only good thing was botw 2….. and we have to wait longer for it again! I thought we’d at least get some Pokemon, splatoon 3 or an astral chain 2 ?
Terrible... Just terrible
Im super, SUPER hyped for Metroid Dread, and glad to hear Prime 4 is still being worked on! :D
98% weeb games 1% doom 1% Zelda
Nintendo seriously needs a new Switch upgrade, half these games with decent graphics drop frames like crazy.
Disappointing, Botw2 will probably be the very last significant game we see released on the switch before they introduce a next gen console. Dragon Ball Kakarot and Monkey Ball is rather underwhelming...
Danganronpa on switch was pretty cool but the rest of the direct was…ok (my opinion)   Edit: danganronpa summer school is actually sick ngl, im definitely looking forward to that
I KNOW THERE'S AN ANIMAL CROSSING UPDATE SOMEWHERE AND I KNOW YOU HAVE IT NINTENDO, so please show next time but earlier please I've been waiting for months😭😡😭😡😭😡😡😭😡😭😡😭😡😭😡😭😡😡😡😭
SMT5 LETS GOOO
No tomodachi life?
I’ll give it a decent/10
Wow no Mario Kart really? At least BOTW2 looks awesome.
Nintendo did an amazing job, they showed us everything mario, zelda, and even another new metroid game, Nintendo is killing it! (i am so hyped for the Advanced wars remake and the new wario ware game!)
At this point I’m expecting Kiryu from Yakuza to be in smash bros
...ok
I like men
wait how are people actually happy with this direct
This Event Is Trash 3/10, Because We Didn’t Get Stuff We Wanted, My Opinion
Some people are forgetting we’re still in a pandemic and are asking for every game franchise at once. This was a good direct
this was a pretty naff direct, botw 2 hype tho omg
THERE WAS NO SPLATOON 3 IM GOING TO CRY
Lame.
This comment section is certifiably insane
Pokemon
Smash character reveal was shown first on stream People in live chat: No Smash?
Pokemon
Let's go botw 2 news
Love this ngl i'm waiting for these
SMT 5
First
i like men
Starts @ 40:00
gg
botw 2 pog
ara
Pokemon???
i like men
I cant believe it for once nintendo didn't disappoint us ITS A MIRACLE
THis was awesome also first
Sad Overall. The direct's presentation of the lineup did not inspire hype for me. I actually fell asleep have way through. Only good ones are Smash DLC, Wario Ware, Shinigami Tensei , Monster Hunter Rise 2 and Demo, DragonBall Z Kakarot and BOTW 2.
That was, slightly disappointing i kinda want Touhou but i guess we cant really choose it
WOW        that was bad
F
MOBILE FORTRESS TALUS. THE BOKOBLINS HAVE LEARNED TO USE THEIR SURROUNDINGS. BOTW2 IS GOING TO BE SICK-
Dang
This number one bull, where is switch pro
No splatoon 3 🤦🏿‍♀️
trash
Zero mention of Mario Kart
This might be one of the best Nintendo Directs we've, just... _ever_ had.
Zero mention of Animal Crossing...
