Its actually a lot of fun to watch everyone go on their shopping sprees, its especially cool early in the season to see all the cool shops everyone has built!
Watching Ren while sick is up high on the list of things to do when sick, right below sleeping, which is what I’ll be doing as soon as I’ve finished this video.
I love how excited you got about spending all of those well-earned diamonds in the cutest little shopping district 😊
"I've brought you all here because I'm mildly upset with you all" followed by False hiding behind a chair, and Cleo basically just going "Excuse you?" is never going to leave my mind-
I love the vibes of, "How can I justify buying from every single Hermit?" I will never farm again!
Poo Pond needs a name plaque.
I know I am super late to the party but I think you'd be a great Minister of Rumours or something and do a newsletter/newspaper via the mail system of what's been happening per week in the neighbourhood. (Lost horses etc.)
“Because, I don’t know, lore?” sums up your content way too well! ❤
Lol, I love how you came out of the bee shop at night, and didn't even acknowledge that stupid lil kid, just jumped over his head and dipped :D
If I had a nickel for every time ren got a leadership role which ended with him being killed during the firing process I’d have 2 nickels which isn’t a lot but it’s weird it happened twice.
amthipeter
💗💜💗
Make the pond grey and it can be a Grey Poopond. Though it might not cut the mustard...
Not me screaming “Rennnn you’re wasting all your diamonds Reeeeeennnnn….”
Hello Ren. So glad you are quitting trying to run the people. & moving to a better life on the game. Great for you. Love this.  Ren. You just messed up big time.  You don't just take that Trophy like that. You must sent mail to Xisumavoid  letting Xisuma know you got up to 100 diamonds. & he will sent you the Trophy. Not you go take it like that. Ren. Why did you just tell them that ( YOU )  did not want that ( JOB AT ALL )  WOW if you take on working in the post office. They you better be a Mail man.& DO THAT JOB.
Comment for the algorithm
Ren gets paid and immediately stimulates the economy. He is the reason there will not be a recession!
RENDOG   i got the perfect name instead of calling it BIG-T   How about calling it   we-gottaa-lotta-terracotta  🎉😂🎉
162 diamonds (9 times 18) 6:34
Ren, you could become Minister of Permits.  Grian is not doing his job well, and needs to be fired.   People need their permits attended to more often than one hour a week on Sundays!
"The Caveborhood" could be the cave copy of the Neighborhood's name.
Chiming in with the many voices lamenting the absence of a mini-base for Wels in the meeting room
You could set up a communal mailbox
Ren Your new title would be Minister of Communication. It would include faxes and mail that way.
Rest in peace the chickens who "lived" in the basement, they will be missed🫡
You tried to get fired… from a self appointed position. Lmao.
Ren you should be the minister of lore.
If they make a poo pond, they better make it grey.
you for got the Minister of Light WellsKnight
Moaning Myrtle is it you?
I think daily episodes would be too much. I try to watch all episodes but can't watch everyday, so if I would miss a few episodes I think it feels like more work to "catch up on them" and I might get frustrated faster.
Red you should be the minister of trade. Hermits are not being monitored frfr. Maybe the gigacorp should help monitoring also the hermits should try having a meeting once a week to catch up you guys seem so far apart
Ren should call the cave "Underground "HOA Headquarters"
insisting on being fired and then blown up is so funny and SO ren. loved this Neighborhood meeting!
Ethos got nothin on Ren’s shopping addiction!
I have some last words... yes... next time I come up with some silly idea about putting me in charge of hermitcraft, threaten to kick me off the server.
Remember to stand upwind of wind of Ren... He took a swim in the toilet again... It has not been flushed the whole season... Given the mess around it, one can only imagine how Ren smells right now.
"Next to the permit office, which we've not had a chance to find our way into yet"  For your own sanity, I hope you never need to use the permit office..
I doubt youd see this, but whats the background music playing in the background at 8:07  ive heard it from alot of BigB's videos from back in the day, and its kind of nostalgic, but i dont know the name of it
Well, three is a magic number
Did Postmaster Pearl get a new employee?!
the little neighborhood was so cute ! And I love how you went down with your ship like a good minister should. Hopefully ministering your mail box isn't too stressing!  Always good day to watch some Ren Diggity-Dog coming from the Hermitcraft server. Maybe put your beacon office in the beacon sales thingy? In the giant eyes of Keralis or something?
I disagree: I think a toilet is the best place for a meeting.
big spender
grian shoulda shown up at last second and yelled "OBLITERATE" again
Ren where is welsknight place i thought he is the one of the minestry
18:01 iskall having attachment issues…
Isn’t wels the minister of light?
Little does ren know how many shops don't wanna restock so they do not want money
3:42 Squirter-Pods? Very poor choice of words Ren 😈 :D
I swear, everytime you die it's always because of False  1. False killed you when you pranked her with the rose bushes 2. You died with Bdubs for False to win Demise 3. You died from the tnt that False activated
You overpaid by 6 diamonds for the bamboo
You know, I think Elvis went out kinda like this. Two kings going out in style, lol
Awesome episode! Really liked all the different aspects, cave, shopping, the meeting and destroying Iskalls lit caves xD
careful, don't get sued by Trump 😄
I loved the neighbourhood meeting, so good! it made me laugh so much
I love seeing the shopping stuff, seeing how the shopping area has changed over time is so much fun
Is Welsknight not a part of the Ministers? He's the Minister of Light, right?
That meeting had an uncanny similar feeling to real-life meetings I've had at work - the dissapointmenet and enthusiam of yet-another-meeting-that-could-have-been-an-email.  Perfect office meeting vibes but in a much nicer environment!
Poor Mumbo will have to spend a week to restock his item frames q.q
Other hermits can be invited in and their seats are the equivalent of the kiddie table
Why don't you become the minister of terraforming as you're quite good at it and make the minister of ministers as sort of a role for whoever's in charge that month with good ideas for the neighborhood
Wasn't Wels also in the neighborhood
6:22 its 162, so you are correct
Would love to see an  episode completely in Afrikaner language... Me: Belgium: "Build a braai pleas"... ;-)
The Mr. Roger's Neighborhood comparisons keep getting worse, there's even a smaller town connected to the main one. lol
12:58 U left the door open, letting in the cold
the shopping spree was one of the most wholesome things to watch
You for got wels
No minister of light. Sadness
12:27 Not sure if anyone else has already mentioned this, but I think Ren gave Bdubs 6 extra diamonds for the bamboo. Looks like he took 9 stacks and paid 9 diamonds. Oops!
Ngl kinda miss the “ren diggity dog” intro aND THE BEAT DROP i love that
12:09 3 is a powerful number. 2nd biggest prime...yadda yadda yadda... it's just always been my favorite number lol
I think you overpaid for the bamboo. 12:29 😅
10:03 careful you overpaid ! :)
I think in the biome it would be nice to get the pink brain corals and just do brainy-looking growths dotted about the landscape, like it's a colossal mega fauna fungus thing that spreads underground, and the growths we see are where it's expanded into a crevice.
I hope this season is Ren being as many different ministers as possible 😂
Follow the squirtapod trail Follow the squirtapod trail Follow, follow, follow, follow, follow the squirtapod trail Follow the plants down into the cave Miniature bases will frame our conclave Follow, follow, follow, follow, follow the squirtapod trail We're off to have a meeting A neighbourhood meeting with Ren
Ren's new role Minister of Communication
that shopping segment was so satisfying to watch, rarely do the hermits feature their shopping in their episode but it's exciting to see you spend the money you made on other people's lovely shops
I absolutely love the Tiny Neighborhood! And that cave is fantastic. :)
cavebour hood
False has a good idea, and you could line it with stone so it would be "The Grey Poo Pond" lol
Been subbed since season 1 of your let's play when you started building the molehole castle, would love to see you revisit your old world!
Ah so Wells night , korrales, and XB crafted are not part of the ministers but technically part of the neighborhood
It would be a great idea to have a toilet as the entrance for the meeting room!
Hope there's enough time to fulfil the second half of your permit before the permit office calls
cleo should add a pet platypuss(with armor stands) to the entrance of Ren's mural house down in the meeting cave.
Why did you buy something from like every shop but Doc's? And I kinda feel bad for these two chickens who unfortunately went off with a bang together with you.
great vid
Ren just casually jumping over the baby zombini lol Ren don't forget that you also have conduits as part of your permit :)
RIP Minister Cowface
Surround the pond in stone and call it "The Grey Poo-pond"
I love your new profile picture Rendog! Great episode!
Ren is secretly the minister of lore
Is mail a good idea? It takes care of itself
14:28 Ren jumps a kid here.
My caves! My lit caves! 😂
The cave give me  "Neighborhood watch alliance" vibe from the movie "Hot Fuzz".
Loved youre imp and skizz interview Ren! 😁 i loved hearing about your radio show antics!
Iskalls impression of stress was spot on
Susan.  Again, all i think of is the character from Hazbin Hotel of the same name.
Singing The Last Post killed me 😂
16:51 Lmao 23:35 lmaooooo
You know what Ren .. ..... .... . ....... .. ......... .... ....... ...... .... . ..... ......... ......... ... ......  you really make me smile 🙂
I like how Xisuma has the audacity to build an illegal shop right next to the permit office lol.
Professional Hermits amaze me for many reasons but I think the one thing I could never do is be so zen about creeper holes in my base. True professionals ^_^
A neighborhood ruled by ministers who meet around a fire in an underground cavern…this isn’t an HOA it’s a cult! Another cult, in addition to the fishing cult of course.
I’m here after your Imp & Skizz podcast ep. As a 40-something Minecraft viewer, I appreciate that you’re trying to appeal to more to adult viewers! I’m here for it!
I’m in love with the shopping haul segment
"Iskronk - pull the lever!"
12:27 You paid triple the price for bamboo lol. It said 1 diamond for 3 stacks, but you paid 9 diamonds for 9 stacks.
Ren lowkey became the most profitable customer because of his theme this season
Well… at least we know what Ren constantly blows the budget of the Ministry of Ministries on.  ——  I love how Ren flew away from Keralis’s bee shop and didn’t notice the Baby Zombie coming at him.  ——  Speak of which… I think HermitCraft Chat should hold the title of Ministry of Ministries.
Am I the only one that suspects that the squirtopods will come alive (carved)?
Couple of string over each of the fires does a pretty good job of stoping the smoke
Glow sack juice is how you get baby squid.
anyone else see the skull in in background at 20:53?
i'm so excited about this
I keep thinking I am hearing strains of Ravel's Bolero, then I think maybe not.
I love the shopping 💖 it made me so happy!! Like a kid on Christmas day 💖
2:16 pftt they forgot wels again, when u remember, you should do a little tower spire -- i think this cave idea was super cute though! good job sir ren!  oh! and I forgot to say on your last video that I think you should add coarse dirt in with the mud in the parts closer to the legs of the beacon shop to make it look like its digging into the ground more^^
ren!! just wanted to say after watching the latest imp and skizz podcast, you're an absolute tropper, be yourself till the end brother
hay
Wheres Keralis?
Where is Wels?
He forgot keralis
Pause on 18:58 or so. Anyone else see the skull in the top right corner? Gem must have been building down here, too.
You could maybe put enderporters in all the ministers' mural houses
The Neighborhood needs a giant clock tower at the entrance of the cave. #NeighborhoodWatch
12:20 over paid for bamboo 3 stacks per 1 diamond you paid 1 per 1
Look how far you went in your life. You are minister of his own mail box now 😂
Iskall at the end XDXDXD
Grey Poo Pond…, why yes
I miss the Greetings cyberdogs intro, but I just finished listening to you on Imp and Skizz and I think you embracing change is amazing and is really encouraging to me as well (as someone who has been dealing with alot of change in the last month or two)
That’s really cool.
Creepers gonna creep. Then go into a fully lit cave.....just do that on land
rendog just went full dad in Costco this episode.
Singlehandedly propping up the economy. What a citizen.
9 sales of 18 diamonds per is 162 diamonds. Shorthand math of 180 - 10 -8
Pardon me, do you have any Grey Poo Pond?
Beautiful shower inspiration 😂
wait, no intro?
22:27 why the heck does it look like a rodent rock sculpture tip right of screen. Yuck
If there was a shopper award you would be leading that too!
12:25 Ren gleefully paying triple the price of bamboo without a second thought is the most Giga-Boss thing I've seen all week.
Minister of your own mailbox ! ~ Iskall85
Hey Rendog! I hate HOAs but maybe you could include a cool version within your neighborhood. Regardless, you’re doing awesome and love everything you do!
You need to update beef's section to have a red house
Is The Gigacorp color pallet inspired by Lego Ice Planet?
🦆
Etho: I don't have a shopping addiction. Ren: TAKE MY DIAMONDS!  Kudos to Ren for simply embracing it :D
Love the fact there isn't even enough chairs for all the members of the neighbourhood
are you missing a chair at your new meeting room table fire?
I started watching last season, and only just noticed it still hadn’t subscribed 😂😅
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood.
REN you paid a diamond per stack of bamboo when the price was 3 stacks for a diamond
REN! You forgot one of the ministers. You forgot the minister of light, Welsknight.
Ren just did an Elvis and died on a toilet.
It would be cool if the murals led to the respective hermits bases
🎉 👌 😄 👍
Ren Diggity Dog! You have an office, in Susan's hat! 😝
Hey ren! I don't think if you will see this or not but you should probably make an encyclopedia which contains details about the gigacorp , terrestrial creatures , habitats and plants which then you can sell to other hermits
Down in the Neigbourhole!
Plus the way you participate with the other hermits , hype em up too. It’s cool, like friendly
apparently ren loves being sacrificed by his allies
Minister of mail no thats pearls whole persona right now
Loved your cameo on the Imp&Skizz podcast! Was great to hear from you Ren, as always <3
Ren, I love when you do hermit stuff….but I have noticed your lore play is so good. So unique, you don’t just build your world, you live and play in it.
"You can be minister of your own mailbox" has to be one of the best lines so far this season!
Ren, you are forgetting the Minister Of Light, Welsknight
They went from septic tank to batcave
Creepers? Ya hate to see it.
I hope some post master is happy that you took that job ren because you may get sued if you didn’t.. 😅
8:42 imagining ren walking around with tote bags now
Honestly, what's the neighborhood's purpose? Is it over? Lol it's the beginning of the season. :(
I am pretty sure Ren triple paid for the bamboo sticks it was 1 for 3 stacks the the chest he showed he took 9 and put 9 diamonds in https://youtu.be/maraBFlk-5I?si=hrmw2YiwptZFrgB9&t=746
You forgot Wels! unless his mini base representation is off down a hallway. If not, that's where you should put it and pretend it was there the whole time. Still watching the intro so sorry if this gets addressed later in the episode.
Was woundering when wed see the cave-bourhood make an episodic appearance lol
Other people have claimed the post office thing, and he thinks he can just declare himself  mailman. come up with your own thing
The cave should be named "The N.E.I.G.H.B.O.R" Neighborhood  Enigmatically Insured  Group  Hideout  Base Or  Retreat  Hey its the best I could come up with, don't ask about the "Enigmatically or Insured" part, as I had no clue what to put for e or i.
12:24 the bamboo are 3 stacks for 1 diamond lol he overpaid with 9 instead of just 3
Watched on the hub's YT, clicking 'like' on my account. :)
Please make the path to the meeting room into a water slide. It has a nice slope for it!
New to the Rendog playlist, but honestly, I'm really liking Ren so far because he just seems like a really genuine guy.
"You can never have too many item frames"  He said having never played on a multiplayer server before. 😂
They forgot @Welsknight, you know, the MINISTER OF LIGHTS
That shopping spree was so satisfying
And Ren's last words were "Bap baerr" 😆.
FINALLY.
Pearl going to beat you up.
I love hermitcraft shopping xD
The shopping montage was indeed highly satisfying
Don't be embarrassed Ren, there's a long tradition of gentlemen having meetings in public conveniences. 😂🖤
Instead of the mysterious cavern it's the "The ministries cavern"
Shopping makes me so happy!😊
You said you wanted to buy the green frog lights, but you picked up the yellow ❤
ren's gonna be the one that'll help get everyone their trophies before himself
Ender pearl Golf.
Man I first subscribed to Rendog back in the CIrcuit Board season (S7?). He's content has changed so much so far and yet it's still absolutely Rendogy. Congratz!
Sorry, you dodged that bb zombo like a pro!
each person should have a secret passage from their base to their home in the cave.
If the neighborhood bathroom is close you should connect it to the new meeting room and have a septic tank exit to the new meeting area
Ha....REN-dition
2:09 You're missing Welsknight (Minister of Light) and his castle
Nice shopping spree!
There should definitely be a pond there. It shouldn't be named the poo pond, it should be the "Poond"
Me: dude. 20x9 -18. 162 6:26
the power of the hermitcraft economy, loved that bit
where was the minister of light? Nobody even mentioned wels being absent but made a point of stress not being there. Wels hasn't even gotten a hat
Yes just in time for bath time. Ironically by a toilet
The minivillage is wonderful But what did the poochicken ever do to you guys?
Nice episode.
🎺🎺🪦🎺🎺
You didn't take your assistant with you Ren.
Is Wels a part or is he an outlier?
just saw the new meeting room and thought the hermits need to be able to drop down in to each of there areas like from those old super hero cartoons
Glad that you are resigning the position, it gives you a chance to join the rebellion later . (starwars base) Grian, Skizz and Scar are the government,  and Doc is creating a sand economy...   that will be hilarious... {for future consideration-- don't shoot the messengers, the post office is neutral.}
25:09 make the bottom out of clay, stone, gravel, etc. and it can be the grey poo pond.
What about welsknight?
Lol. Nice
first: awsome vid, love your vids, keep rocking! :D second: on my home page i just had your vid recommended. and next to it a new vid from LegalEagle. your vid is titled "YOU'RE FIRED!". his vid has "YOU'RE FIRED!" in the thumbnail. do i need to be worried? :p
Why is watching hermits shopping so fun, so addictive
Wasn't bdubz bamboo 3 stax per single diamond? Bc looked like mista diggity dawg, mista, *Ren* diggity dawg paid 9 diamonds for 3 stax.
etho finally got some money from the glass, good to see it lol
In the words of Ronald Reagan, "Government is not the solution to our problem, government IS the problem" and that sums up this episode.
I really enjoyed the shopping portion of this episode. Just lots of fun <3
If there are going to be more meetings in the meeting room, i would like to propose a name change to "The Undercraft"
COME ON GUYS - 3k Uplikes... are you a FAN or what!? Awesome Video Rendog!  6 year sub (I think) and I'm very eager to see what you have next <3
Enjoying going shopping with you Ren ;)
that cave is like a cult meetingroom
Wels be feeling left out lol
I honestly expected someone to say they didn't know it was an option that they could fire Ren xD
I loved the reactions to the new underground meeting area/bases! Redemption arc completed!!
Just finished part 2 of your Imp and Skizz podcast release. I need see if I am not crazy... when I hear a voice with not face image like you all fine Minecrafters or maybe a radio personality... I imagine their face, or just basically how they look just based on their voice. Now don't take this poorly. I think you look great a very good looking guy. But it never matches what my mind makes up in my head. I can't be the only person who does this. I find it fun.
💕💕😇😁
This means grian is the only one really with power with the permit and the permit office. Will the  neighbourhood start a resistance against him?
Ren, isnt wellsknight also one of the minister? He is minister of light
You should be the minister of helping Hermits so basically all you do is you run around and help people do their jobs that's what real Administration jobs should be
I think this RENdition of the meeting room is really cozy-lookin and creative 😎
Goodbye Periwinkle blue tie, hello mailbag.
Hermitcraft economy needs inflation sheesh these prices are tooo good to be true
'minister of your own mailbox' is the job you give to the three year old. finally ren is getting some acknowledgement for how hard he tries to fail at his job
2:15 - RENdition - love it.
wow Ren spending on everything XD
My quick math just when you said it's too early to do math was 9x9 = 81, 81+81 = 162.
I thought welsknight was a part of the neighborhood?
Over paid for the bamboo.  3stacks 1 diamond.  U paid 1 diamond per stack
Ren you are single handedly keeping the hermit economy thriving 👏👏
It will be "The Grey Poo-Pond"
You're short a chair!
That poor duck, just trying to live his life in the poop meeting room and you guys go a blow up him home.  Tisk tisk..
12:25 "3 stacks for a diamond" you put in 9 diamonds for 9 stacks!
Maybe u can use some froglights to light up the gigahut areas, they're quite future lookin and i know a certain etho sells them
You missed a trick, should have redirected the toilet to go down into the cave!
Lol, half the episode is just the dog having a shopping spree 😂! Its kinds cute seing you run around exitingly buying things, never knew I needed this type of hermitcraft in my life.
Shabackke? Were you going for shenanigans and debacle? 😂
poor wels, first no hat, now no seat the minister of light has been forgotten
What about wels’ base in the cave?
Ren a true hermitcraft legend appoints himself then sacks himself 😂😂😂😂❤❤
Me realizing that iskall and stress' builds are in the wrong order  😮
Elvis Presley's last words:  "I'm going to the toilet to read".
11:57 uhhh did the "Diamond Carrot" go over many heads?
I noticed something during the meeting. In typical Ren fashion, there's not enough seats for all the ministers. Stress was missing, yet all the seats were full. They did state that the seats were for the original members, so no seats for Keralis, Wels or XB, so that means they are one seat short.
Why wasn’t Wells invited
End of #toiletgate
I love the meeting place. You should start mailing out Gigacorp Brochures for hermits to place orders for giga-corp goods
Hmm.. The glow sack juice remark was very cheeky. Ren giggity Dog
12:27 Ren overpaying for Bamboo 😮
"And that is a little tiny 'Ren'dition of each of the ministers bases." This one quote works on multiple levels. I think we should call Ren's versions of things 'Ren'ditions from now on!
Caveborhood
you overpaid bamboo by 6 diamond
Just do u know. You overpaid at the bamboo shop. The price was 1 diamond for 3 stacks and you paid 1 diamond per stack instead.
I miss the toilet NGL. Peak HC moment. Keralis was geat there too.
Seeing you on the imp podcast showed me a different side of you and I really like what I see man you keep doing the great things you’re doing
Loved that live stream. Thinking it should b e called the "Caverhood"...
The Neighbor Cave
What about WelsKnight? He is the minister of lighting. Fun episode ❤
I suddenly want a Ren and Etho 'Shopping Addicts' montage
@22:15 call that block the kiln. Would be great plz mojang
I kind of hoped that next meetings would be happening at morgue, garbage dump, graveyard etc :P
You over paid Bdubs by 6 Diamonds
The 'Caverhood'?
Bombing the toilet means something different here in NZ 🤨🤣
"Here we are planting sulfuricus squirtiflora in a cave... I don't know, because... Lore??" I love how Rendog is completely transparent about how he's trying to construct the story of his base, even if it means doing completely random things and blaming it on the lore 😂
12:20 Ren ya over pay for bamboo it was three stacks for one diamond he did it as one stack for one diamond
We need poopond to be oficial thing Visible on map and everything
I think you shuold call it "the caveorhood"
As with any meeting the person who is not at the meeting is usually elected t complete the relative task therefore a vote should occur and Stress could become minister of ministers
@ 12:28 Mr. REN DIGGY DAWG you paid 3x toooo much
Lots of love!  As an older generational who’s newish to Hermitcraft (late season 7) loving the chill laid back atmosphere of season 10 ❤ looking forward to seeing how you proceed this season.
The sulfur idea looks so cool! It's gonna be real smelly though. I've recently had to cover my body in sulfur lotion due to scabies, and my clothes and the entire house still stink.
The cavebourhood
14:28 casually dodging that baby zombie
24:02 it’s giving the 5th of November gunpowder plot … , you know the whole killing the king under the government thing
Daddy Ren
Thanks for the spending spree footage, I'm satisfied as if I'm fulfilling my spending impulse myself 🤣
Where’s wellsknight I thought he was the recent addition
The Caverhood.
wasn't Welsknight made Minister of lights or something? Or did I mix that up with someone else...? Whoops
How do Hermits without elytra access the beacon shop? Wasn't there few that aren't flying?
Just love the new Neighborhood meeting area, the big fire gives me bonfire vibes.
Something I missed the most in season 9 was the shopping distric interactions, hermits going around and showing their shops and buying stuff from other hermits... Geez this season really rejuvenated hermitcraft
the Caverhood
I love this!
Gotta love the Hats.
The instinctually panicked rendition of Taps as the TNT started exploding around you made the whole sequence worth it.
I SPILLED MY TEA WHEN I SAW MYSELF IN THE END CREDITS LOL
You know Grian is doing an excellent job administering the permits maybe he'd like to take over administering the neighborhood.  (I know he doesn't live in the neighborhood)
DIAMOND carrots?!?!?! what are you doing to your teeth!?!?!
That was such a fun shopping spree!!!  YLTSI!!!   ❤
That shopping segment was oddly satisfying. Good episode my dude!
You're just too nice to fire Ren 🤣 How would you feel about me incorporating the giga-vetse into my Minecraft world, is that something you would be ok with? I really like the concept and idea that all of Minecraft is interconnected in some way.
ANOTHER EP I CANT WAIT YO WATCH WHEN I GET HOME :DD
If you feal bad after swiming into a septic tank that ain't regret. That's cholera. Or some other septic disease.
You should totally build a Gigacorp Mail Post Building!
Nobody going to mention that he paid a diamond per  stack for bamboo? Was supposed to be 3 for 1
Ren, you never disappoint. Always so supportive of the Hermit economy and always with a laugh. Great episode!
i have a suggestion as a dnd dm for the world building of giga corp, they don't actually send premade buildings they are like Ikea and send build boxes with instructions that way you don't have to dance around the fact you are doing the building, then the story is that the giga corp world is filled with invasive species, so the altering of the environment around the base is an accident so later on you have to contain the spread (like we do in our world because if something enters an area with nothing that eats its population will explode or if there's nothing that can outrun it it'll drive others things to extinction like we did) ultimately the neighborhood will be called upon to quell the spread and giga corp will have to send boxes to help prevent the spread but the end of the season is ended off with giga corp labeling the world as doomed to the plants and call you out of there to settle elsewhere while they take extra precautions in the future to prevent this from happening again (i love world building and story telling but ultimately this is just my 2 cents if you think its a dumb idea or aren't interested that's fine just wanted to give it to you while you were still in the early story stages)
I read the title as "YOU'RE FRIED!"
Kinda surprised how well Ren knew 'last post'  Might have been a band camp kid as well as a theatre kid
Came home from work to see a new episode out. You love to see it ❤
We love rendog!
Do you all forget about Wels, or is he not the minister of light? I believe he thinks he is. He did light up neighborhood xD
25:08 Is it a Grey Poo-pond?
You should have named the video "Seven Hermit's one hole" xD
jeeeez ren u hit up like 90% of the shoppin district in one trip 🤣
4:18 - Ren, I’ll just say this. You may want to sort out your creeper situation sooner rather than later. Because if a creeper blows up your Hermit Permits, you’ll have to make a trip to the Permit office. And I’ll bet there is a form to get a permit replaced, and knowing Grian it will most likely be a form for each permit that needs replacing. So just be careful out there.
False has killed you and her Title Sign survived the explosion. That means False is the new Minister of Ministry.  Also did you forget to fax Wels, the Minister of Light, to the meeting?
Pearl might get a little upset if you declare yourself mailing...
"It's a tiny 'Ren-dition'..."
Here at 35 minutes
Glory to the Neighborhood!
"He's a theatre kid, just shoot" was unnecessarily funny
Not the overpay in bdubs bamboo shop
I love that Xisuma was so still willing to go into the toilet despite having helped build the new meeting cave hahaha!   And in all fairness, building them a lovely collaborative mural as a new meeting room is a terrible way to convince them to fire you. Excited to see what the mail role will entail.
14:26 did the baby zombie just dab?
Ah yes, Three Hermits, one hole
When's ep2 of uncut?
Welsknight. Minister of light 🕯️🕯️🕯️ that wierd neighbor who lives in a castle way down the road.
This happened to my buddy, Elvis
Love the meeting room idea!
That was some cherry bomb! 😂
11:55 diamond carrots sound pretty awesome.
I love the meeting area, great work
Uh, isn’t wels the minster of light?…..
8:00 you have an office in Susan’s brain Ren!
ren i miss the neighbour together thank you for this vid
Hi Ren! I love the video style this season! I love the style you’re going with for your base as well, and the storyline thus far has been HILARIOUS. Thanks so much for posting so frequently this season, it makes my day. Im a newer fan, and Im obsessed with what I’ve seen thus far! Keep on going with the supreme content! Also, I love the neighborhood cave so much, it’s adorable!
Waiitt no toilet in the meeting room… Ren do you have a fever XD in all seriousness the underground BBQ looks great!
what a wholesome redemption arc, very much love the new meeting area! <3 keep being you ren :P
19:19 Ren being disappointed with the other ministers not overthrowing him is really funny  (And iskall's "I thought it was cute, y'know" in regards to Ren's poor minister of ministrying 20:23)
The thing is, no one wants to fire you Ren because no one else wants the job 😂
You haven't had time to find your way into the permit shop... there is NO WAY into the permit shop...
I saw x's title yesterday, and I see this today, it seems there's been some major workplace violations....
Mr Ren I always enjoy upload day thanks for the new video awesome as always
"Glow sack juice" is a phrase that I'm just fine with never hearing again in my life.
Yes, this mural is a little beautiful Ren-dition.
Shopping is so satisfying!
Good to see you were shopping your heart out. I like the permit idea but it seems hermits generally just produce everything themselves. Really should have made a permit system for automated farms as well to encourage more shopping and make the seller permits way more valuable... Also could have added a supplier system to where only the sales permit holder can buy from other hermits at a discount. Maybe next season.
finally! I’ve been patiently waiting on your video, RD. Best moment of my week!
Idk why, but watching hermits shopping is just kinda fun
I LOVE shopping runs! That was exhilarating!
Was Wels not a part of the neighborhood?
Great content 😎
Comment for support, peoples!
First 30 comments clublets go whoop!
Episode thirteen already?! Impressive
underground braai seems counterintuitive, but im sure I'd attend :)
True leaders never want the top job, they just have a knack for bringing people together which Ren-diggity-dawg does 😂
Hey brotha! Watched you since a kid and I see your channel has gained a lot of traction and it makes me incredibly happy to see.   KEEP IT UPPPP
Ren went to a shopping mall in Minecraft   Oddly satisfying
I just got fired from my day job and come home and check my phone and one of the first things I see is this notification
Loved the opening shot! Glad I could be this early to the episode!
it cool being one of the first viewers
Perfect timing for an awesome video! Just finished your second half of the imp and skizz podcast and i have to say after watching it your one of the Hermits i respect the most i hope your having a great day
At least the new meeting room isnt a toilet! The new Room is awesome!
Saw Xisuma’s video where you Xisuma and False were building this it looks so cool definitely beats the previous meeting place
"Congrats to everyone Who is early and who found this comment.. 🐼🐧.....
ElloEllo, glad to see a rendog pop up at just the time i needed a good video.
wooooo we love rendog hermitcraft episodes :33 keep up the hard work ren!!
Awesome Video Ren!
8
Fun video 😅
gonna watch this while i work on some stuff for my art portfolio :D college apps due soon lol
Lucky to be here in 8 seconds
first
Fried 😂
Videoooo!! Yeahh!!
I mean seriously my peoples, what does a man need to do to get fired around here?! :D RD
