Bro withstands 20 gashes from a samurai sword
This gameplay doesn’t look fun
Watched the show, now I want to play the game. Before that didn’t this a look
Yo Bodie !
5:13 *Just fell like that so easily.*
Gameplay looks utter trash
Need counter to feel smoother  and needs just better flow with the weapon and have a cool block system to make melee combat better
Why people call it Cyber Junk 😢 I mean it might have bad physics but it is best game to test graphics  Waiting for GTA 6😊
It's kind of a bummer that they'll probably never add the option to have a companion follow you around. Considering it's based of a table top game where the whole time playing you work as a group. To not even be able to ask at least one of the many friends you make follow you around whenever you want is weird. Most rpgs in the past have done it. But I guess V is just a "solo" or something.
V sounds different.?
Haha GTA 5 Next-Gen Upgrade has 3.9M views, 4.7M views and 6.9M views a 10 year old game lmao more people care about that than this 🤣🤣🤣  Blows me away Cyberpunk Next-Gen upgrade ONLY got 631k views, 327k views, 430k views and 90k views 💀
hey guys, i have a 75h monitor. If i activate vsync or / and change the refresh rate to 60hz, will I be able to get the same smooth and great looking gameplay ?
The voice over guy is the best thing about this game tbh
Graphics look great. Voice acting is great.  Unfortunately the character animation looks rigid and fake as hell.  Also, all the "Cool" slang like "ganic" for organic, is annoying asf lol.  Thanks for posting this video, it's helped me confirm that I won't like this game.
8:02 the restaurant name texture is potato what's that about
I was hoping they'd pick legendary overwatch where it bugs out and doesn't display the name of the rifle
Looks amazing !
Given the sheer size/scope of this game...it Never should have been put on ps4... that being said,  I beat it 3 times on ps4 and still loved it with all its flaws. I found those moments humorous. Thankfully, Never had progression blocked. I beat it 2 more times on ps5, and going for a sixth playthrough now that throwing knives work!!   GIVE UP on playing it on PS4!  It feels/plays like a different game on ps5 with all the improvements.  Fantastic job on the CDPR team getting the updates out there! Hopefully their marketing team learned their lesson, or were replaced.   For anyone about to comment (insert whining voice here) "But, I can't get/find one!" Boohoo!...be patient, (google delayed gratification) be vigilant and try more than one source. Give the company time to get the chips to make the damn things...REMEMBER we are still technically in a pandemic and their work force got hit like everyone else's along with the lack of chips for the console... I got lucky and was able to get one through a local store.  Had to work hard to find it though. Good luck and may the odds be ever in your favor!
alto downgrade , es un gta en play5
Beat the game on playstation 4 hopefully get the game on playstation 5 with the new story dlc
What apartment is this?
Brought to you by a polish liar company who pulled the biggest scam in the video game industry. Fool me once shame on you. Fool me twice shame on me.
My PS5 coming tomorrow. I'm gonna play the last path pending... Corpo.
beside graphics there is something called game mechanics and AI.... and CDPR seems to have completely forgotten about it.
i like this game
so queria poder ver meu boneco no inventario
It's going the good way, next fix those Motorbikes!!!🙏
Beat the launch version on a PS4 Pro. Sure there were bugs, glitches and crashes... Which was even more hilarious to me because given the world and setting I couldn't always tell if they were intentional. HOWEVER there is a really big world and good story in this game and I loved it. Even with all the patches I refused to play it until the PS5 version launched. I am currently half way through the PS5 version and even though there's still some cleaning up to do, boy does it feel and perform a lot like we all thought at launch. I am for sure finishing it again.
I'll buy this game in 2077 on Playstation ®20🤣😂
Yo first gunfight + sword fight looks boring as fuuuuuuck. bro didnt get hit once and one tap everything like there is no difficulty at all. I don't know about next gen gamers, but i want some challenge ffs....
This is really nice am just seeing this now  The graphics The music   Apartment Guns Gameplay THANKS
Am I the only person here that thinks this "next-gen upgrade" is underwhelming as shit?
I'm so loving the game. Waited for the ps5 version. Was hard waiting for soooo long. But worth it.  Bring on the DLC!!! ❤️
Looking good looking good 👊🏾
그냥 2년뒤에 와
We do need better Police AI. Car chases from a high tech police department is a must.
pointless update
Until they fixed this game and delivered the game that was shown on E3 which possibly not gonna happen. I will never buy anygame or anything from them at full price. Pre-order is a huge mistake. And no company should be trust. I learned that in a hard lesson. CDPR. good luck on trying to claim what had already gone. You are only gonna have an uphil battle to earn your reputation back. Nothing is going to be the same.
Soon even console peasants will be able to play Cyberpunk 2077. j/k It's about time.
2077需要New Game Plus !!!!!!!!!!拜託快點做!!!!
This certainly needs to be turned into a movie....at least a three parter.
Door's still read "Closed" all over this "Open World". I have around 270 hours into this game now, and had an immortal crush on it since the teaser dropped. Lately I just started going up the buildings to just mess around, get some views. Let me put it this way, the higher you go in this game (vertically) the lazier it gets, and the more obvious it becomes that they were on this massive time crunch. I'm talking buildings clipped through each other to try and create new models for example, really noticeable from up high. Jump on the barren train track in the city, and follow it towards all the abandoned stations that were clearly meant to be usable at some point. Greenhouses with doors leading nowhere, look great on the rooftops when running down at ground level. But when you actually climb the building they are on, they fall out of place, try it, go higher and the illusion crumbles. (If the glitches and bugs didn't do that for you already...) It's heartbreaking. Still freaking love it to bits. Seriously shed a tear when I found what I think is a dev room beneath the Arasaka tower ruins. A stowed away room full of names on the walls. Blood sweat and tears this game. They wanted it to be so much more. I truly hope, and not just for players, but for the people working on it, that the original vision can one day be realized. Truth be told, I don't think it will ever get boring though. The 1.52 update yesterday made me start another run. Corpo this time. Empathy is what I have for this game, not hatred.
I find the game so satisfying & great... Despite the setbacks, You guys made up with great efforts to improved it.... I'll say, A job well done & looking forward for more updates to come... Gonna finish my playthro as a Streetkid now... Played as Corpo & Nomad on the early version... Cheers!!!
oh wow what a scam... 1.5 and the game is still not in a shape it should be published in... HOW USELESS IS THIS COMPANY?!
Hola espero se encuentren muy bien...... quisiera hacer una petición muy importante de parte de todos los latinoamericanos y es que la verdad en lo personal me encanta jugar los juegos al doblaje al español por que da otra perspectiva del juego, he comprado la versión física desde el día uno para XBOX ONE y resultó que NO estaba en español CUANDO LA VERSIÓN DIGITAL SI, tú experiencia es totalmente distinta cuando está doblado a tu idioma natal, soy de México... y cómo es posible que en España allá salido el juego doblado en español y aquí en México donde todos hablamos español este en ingles =(......  En resumen quisiera que habilitaran en doblaje al español de cyberpunk 2077 para la consola de Xbox one  De verdad se lo agradecería mucho  Ahora que lanzaron su versión de prueba he podido jugarlo cambiando la región de mi Xbox a la de España (eso NO funciona con la versión física en "CD") y quede realmente sorprendido ya que lo note como un juego diferente con la voz de Jackie de fondo es espectacular.... me ha encantado más de lo normal...  Lo malo que solo tuve 5 horas y se pasaron muY rápido =(  espero tomen en cuenta mi humilde opinión y puedan hacer algo al respecto  muchas gracias saludos a todo
For the update after 1.5. Is it possible to extend the story line after V dies. So you can play as Johnny, but in V's body.
Orders a coffee… doesn’t even touch it…
Talvez daqui 3 anos eu pegue esse jogo para jogar... ^^
Когда вы вернётесь на российский рынок, а вы вернётесь, то не куплю ни одной вашей игры. Вы лицемеры, потерявшие последнее уважение. Вы не поддерживаете Украину. Вы просто хайпитесь на войне. Пытаетесь быть хорошими, быть против плохих русских. Ну так катитесь к чёрту. 🖕👎
It’s still not finished or the game we were promised but it is very very close. 45 hours in and I’ve had a very smooth enjoyable experience. No bugs or breaks.
Хочу передать CD Project привет от русских-нацистких геймеров. Я не хочу разделять Вашего мнения с тем,что Русские гранждане являются нацистами и с Вашим призрением к нам. Вы никогда не задумывались,что Российские геймеры всегда Вас тепло встречали на всех игровых площадках и прощала многие ошибки ожидая их фиксов. А вы отплатили нам тем,что действуете по такой логике: Российское правительство решило начать войну с Украиной и следовательно Российские граждане-нацисты. Я могу сказать то же самое и о Германии и их холакоста во времена Второй Мировой войны по отношению к евреям. То есть получается и жители германии являются фашистами? Вы можете оправдываться,но своими действиями Вы показываете обратное. Стыд и позор разработчикам. Русские геймеры ни в чём не виноваты.
I want to convey greetings from Russian Nazi gamers to CD Project. I don't want to share your opinion that Russian citizens are Nazis and with your contempt for us. Have you ever thought that Russian gamers have always warmly welcomed you at all playgrounds and forgave many mistakes while waiting for their fixes. And you have repaid us by acting according to this logic: the Russian government has decided to start a war with Ukraine and, consequently, Russian citizens are Nazis. I can say the same about Germany and their holocaust during World War II in relation to Jews. That is, it turns out that the inhabitants of Germany are fascists? You can make excuses, but by your actions you show the opposite. Shame on the developers. Russian gamers are not to blame for anything.
Can we just talk about how underwhelming this next gen upgrade really is
Лицемеры а что вы когда Донбас бомбили на Украине продажи не останавливали, вы говорите что вы в не политике а что это как не политика
Future DLC:  six more endings Misty Romance Jackie lives Jackie and V become legends together Morgan Blackhand makes an appearance Every gang in Night City at war with Arasaka. More Romance options You live in the crystal palace You destory the crystal palace The heist was a total success Night city gets rename and actually becomes a much better place then it was before. V triggers the fifth Corporate War. Blue eye's true motive. All of Night City see's you as a problem than a legend. Jackie is the third perrson in the bio chip trying to save you from Johnney and your fate. V's life was actually a brain dance recording someone else is watching in the distant future. V dies but Jackie lives. Evelyn Parker Lives and romance options You become a rockerboy just like johnney, but you still have your body.
ЧТОБ Я ЕЩЕ ВЫБРОСЫ ГОВНА ЭТОЙ СТУДИИ ПОКУПАЛ ? НУ УЖ НЕТ! ПОДНЯТЬ ПИРАТСКИЙ ФЛАГ!/SO THAT I CAN BUY MORE EMISSIONS OF SHIT FROM THIS STUDIO ? WELL, NO! RAISE THE PIRATE FLAG!
As a person who never bought the broken version, this patch worked fine for me. Theres a few issues still needs fixing but the amount of stuff u can do in this game is still top notch. And I only got it for 20 quid.
This game is so awesome. For people complaining about it still. I've been playing on ps5 and have almost zero issues. If this game isn't good enough for your standard then what is? This game is next level intricate and immersive. There are zero open world games that look and play anything like this. Honestly most games today are just the same fucking thing repackaged as spiderman instead of batman or call of duty 4000. Look at fallout 76 compared to this. Its insane!! And Bethesda is still working on that game.
I don’t understand the whole hate) as if everyone agreed) I bought the game on Xbox X, everything works fine bugs are a little much less than in Skyrim which is 12 years old.  The plot of the characters is just awesome, and the side quests are very interesting.  I just can not tear myself away from the game the third day.  what a great location!  V's voice is similar to Danila Bagrov from Brother.  The only thing that annoys me a little is crashes from the game that interfere with immersion, but in general everything is cool put 5 stars
400 million people speak Spanish in all of Latin America, 46 million people speak Spanish in Spain... But the dubbing of the game in Spanish is done only for Spaniards who live in Spain. Someone is definitely not doing homework on CD Project RED
Isn't kinda of a bummer the Corpo apartment elevator doesn't open right onto the home like the one in Glen town.
This game should of been delayed for at least 2 years
skin trasmission and face shadows improvement doesnt seems implented :/ Even in my old 1070 ùI run graphics at medium and skin transmission at high and face shadows improvements on. ts looks stunning
People in the comments love CDPR for making changes that GTA IV had made 12 years ago, pathetic, but at least it's better than nothing... But at the same time... Bruh, 1 year of development and the AI still seems retarded. Come On.
El red dead redemption 2 es mucho mejor
Todos sabemos que esta es la toma 12939123 donde por suerte nunca salio un bug en camara.
I think it would be a good idea to add an audio language selector and in addition to add Latin Spanish 🙂🙂🙂🙂
I think it would be a good idea to add an audio language selector and in addition to add Latin Spanish 🙂🙂🙂🙂
Sounds like shes wearing a diaper lol
Multiplayer PLEASE I really want to play this with Friends the world is amazing I just want to have fun with everyone else who loves this game even just a online lounge like a massive club/bar where we can see every and talk to ppl even if there’s no activity would also help new players to understand the skill tree etc but I really feel that needs to be mentioned
Please increase the favorability of the guild, be able to interact, help that guild, or be an undercover agent to help the police
We need some kickass free dlc which made witcher 3 the favourite among gamers slowly.  Go cyberpunk!
Could you please remove this horrible gender language from the German version again?! Thanks
I finished the game about 4 month ago and I'm happy to play it again such a great game
Up next: Hopefully big story DLC and being able to eat noodles at the stands like in some missions PLEASE
Theres still a lot of work ahead but this looks like a great start. Really interested in whats to come in future updates
Wow. They actually seem to have paid people to give good comments. This is insane. The game still sucks and yet there's no one criticizing in the comments. Yeah right.
Doesn't matter. It's a shaite game. Physics are laughable. Npcs are dead, even in this vid! They move like PS2 characters. Police behavior is absurd. A few good camerashots are not going to fix this. Big pile of shaite. Never again will I buy a CD project red game for full price.
Did they also manage to fix the minimap in this new 1.5 patch?
My favourite Katana is Legendary Black Unicorn. My favourite outfit is Lazerpunk jacket with the Dark sapphire universe pants, gold tip fixer combat boots to top it off with a yellow headband and Solo combat goggles. All legendary.
Xbox one series x 1.5 пачь (баг с телефоном красным стал) не магу пройти игру...... Перезапуск севоф не памог...
This game will be done in 2077
Yeah looks great but, is it playable ?
nice try cyberpunk, i wont fall for this again.
Why people are still trying to defend the shit they,ve done? This is nuts!
I really just don’t like how it’s in 3rd person camera if it had a option to change it than I’ll say it’s better than gta
I downloaded the trail if it ain’t get better I’m not buying it but I like the game I got the trail on PS5 and I bought it on Xbox
Was johnny a bug or on purpose?
Great work to the devs, keep at it. However I will not forgive the greedy scummy management team and shareholders for what they did, not to mention the stupid amount of budget that went to marketing which should’ve gone towards development.   I mean RDR2 had a lot of its budget towards marketing, but it wasn’t a false representation of the game either. I have hope, but I’m still going to hold out until the game gets further fleshed out.
They should've release it for PS5, Series X or PC Only.
looks empty and no immersion tbh
Patch looks great right now! But Need NG+ for replays and Police updates and many more.
gra wyglada super gralem demo prezentuje sie jak najbardziej na poziomie nie wiem co sie czepiaja tej gry moze beda bledy w czasie dalszej rozgrywki przycinki itp ale po ocenie dema lecialo bez blednie jestem na plus pod wzgledem otoczki itd sterowanie i bronie jak by inny swiat ale wszystko hula jak nic kazda bron pasuje jazda samochodem fizyka nie powstydzil by sie inny tytul brawa za naprawy i oby tak bylo jeszcze cena tej gry pojdzie w gore jak beda sie starac dubing polski daje rade mozna sie wciagnac w fabule mimo nie dogranej mimiki osob ale i tak cos w sobie ma taki mad max w przyszlosci fajny klimat troszke mulowato ciagnie fabula ale wszytstkio dziala jak trzeba i w sumie z innymi tytulami leci do przodu
the game looks a lot better. if only i could boot it up withouut crashing.
vehicle modification, subway, changes to hair salon/barber and plastic surgeon for the character edit feature, car chase, police reinforcements arriving on car, driving improvement (because most of the time I am crashing due to brakes are late to engage and cars feel slippery than heavy when driving) those are my nitpick and if that is improved in the upcoming patch then I think it's perfect for me at least. Thanks CDPR
you have improved the gaming experience as hell!, congrats CDPR, although consoles still looking like garbage. NOTE: it would be nice to hear the sound of the needle when playing the LP!
wo shi liu yan  diao min men
After playing few hours on playstation 5,the game finally looks awesome, I love the city, the characters and absolutely enjoys the story. Very much thanks for not giving up on this CPR!
Without multiplayer possibilities is still same crap.
The game ain't fixed until you add all the features you promised in that 48minutes 2018 gameplay trailer.
I don’t have graphics mode switch on ps5 after update to 1.51. So I can’t change to RT MODE. also DualSense works like DualShock 4 without any additional features. Something wrong with this update
This game is amazing now I've just deleted all my saves and have started a new game and I am fucking overwhelmed with all the cool new shit, it would be great if they add some DLC where Jackie lives and becomes your partner or something and you take over night city together and become the legends of night city.
appreciate whoever realizes their mistake and makes an effort to make up for it, never give up your support and faith
LET'S FUCKING GOOOO
Hope they can add more casual activities like drink animation in a bar, sit and eat in a restaurant, meet your friends or dates with your lover...
<3 Much love and respect to the devs at CDPR for this
Do tworcow Cyberpunk 2077 ta gra potrzebuje trybu 3 osoby glownie na konsole, aby byla idealna, co bylo dla mnie od poczatku irytujace, bo niby mamy mozliwosc upgrade postaci, ale jej nie widzimy, to sie mocno gryzie ze soba. poza tym strzelanie na padzie to nie to samo co na PC wiec wymagany jest tryb trzeciej osoby TPP  lub powinnien byc zaimplementowany albo jako opcja dla tych ktorzy nie lubia trybu FPP albo ogolnie. Co bylo jeszcze irytuje, jak wykonujemy niektore misje i jedziemy samochodem siedzac obok i gadajac, mozemy ogladamy tylko srodek i kokpit auta, nawet kamery nie mozna przelaczyc na zewnatrz co jest porazka. Co z tego ze sa zajebiste widoki w grze ktorymi nie mozemy cieszyc sie w pelni. Mam nadzieje te to poprawice ! Poza tym grafiznie wyglada to niezle. Mam dzieje ze w grze bedzie dzialac kolejka jak to mialo byc na poczatku :)
7:30 nice of them to wait for the enemy to wake up from stunned animation, because otherwise you can just hit the enemy with melee weapons until he dies haahahahah
Why cant you change the rest of your appearence, like skin color, cyberware, tattoos etc. Playing the game now and after a few hours I wanted to change more than just the color of my eyebrows and you just cant. Quite a shame for someone who loves the character creation in the game
one of the most in depth character customisation....   Game is in First Person...🤦‍♂️
Everyone is saying how good thhe patch looks but no one is acknowledging that this dev is playing better than most of us
3rd person view coming anytime soon?
Crows dynamics look like GTA:SA….. 😖
Might be playable by 2077
Your game does not work on the ps4 anymore after this update alot of ps4 players are mad right now please fux this issue
So instead of 48 minutes of lies now is only 31 minutes and 56 seconds?
Please add support of DUALSENSE on PC, and thank you for the update Ho and Newgame Plus...
By redeemed themselves just like no man's sky is definitely going to be on the 💚🕹video game industry🎮💚 in 💚🕹National videogame Museum🎮💚
Runs well so far. Only about 10 hours. Looks good.
City still dead, npcs still stupid, cops still broken.
Just started this on PS5. Erm.. I mean.. it’s shinier. I want what was promised! All the content that was promised in those Night City Wire videos. This game is far from and I’m sorry this is far from acceptable!
this is a MASSIVE improvement man...I have to give CD Projekt Red credit where credit is due man...and you knew they would make this right because when a studio makes a game like The Witcher 3, they know what the hell they are doing...Cyberpunk2077 was an awesome concept and an awesome game but it was just really really ambitious and then technology wasn't there with the last gen systems...they completely made it right and used the power of these next/current gen systems to maximize their game...this game should have never been made for last gen systems and they knew that...I can't wait to see how they make the next gen version of The Witcher 3
really good game now on ps5, i enjoy my experience
All it needs now is wall running to be added back in.
I'm going to start playing it on PS5 soon 60 frames with RTX would be amazing with more resolution and clarity would be great
AI still looks mindless, streets are still borderline empty of traffic. Relying on graphics and lightning is not the solution.
looks much better, will deffo give it a blast after infinish valhalla, horizon. elden ring, gt7 and forspoken lol 😂
My favorite game just got better
Dobra eksperty z CDPR !!! To kiedy będę mógł zagrać w tego waszego Cyberka wspaniałego na moim starym PS4??? Tylko nie odpisujcie, że będę musiał kupić jeszcze raz wersję cyfrową bo z płytki już nie zagram hahaha
Cyberpunk has improved since it has been released, and you guys are still in a lot of heat. You haven’t given up on this engine just yet, continuing to make it so that the vehicle drives.  There’s room for improvement. Keep up the good work, and add some quality of life updates.
Kinda wild that it still doesn't even come remotely close to matching the intial bullshit preview footage from 2018, but I appreciate that they didn't just bail on the game completely.
👍👍👍👍👍
It's funny how the last gig they showed completely broke my FPS few patches ago. Now they are proudly showing it off :) I guess it's time for a second playthrough at last!
I noticed a bug in the game where when you change your appearance in the mirror and change your nail length and color to many times you won't be able to alter your nails anymore, everytime I go to alter my character's appearance it nolonger let's me change the nails
as much as i love this game this should of been shown at the initial release date .
2020? How old is that rockstar now? He doesn't look he's in his 80's assumig they formed the band in their 20's?
I liked my first 2 playthroughs of Cyberpunk 2077 when I first got the game in November of 2020. I think the game is eh now. At least the only glitch I had on PC back then was a floating tank 100 feet in the air that Panam kept yelling at me to get back in and I found myself laughing about it. I hate being told how to play a game and you messed up my experience with all the rebalancing and supposed fixes. It's all bull and I'm pissed when I wasn't when this game first came out.
Amazing port to the upcoming  M2s and macOS in general. Keep making it way better, especially the NPC A.I.s and extra-curricular activities CDPR friends. Make CDPR and Cyberpunk 2077 Great Again and Again. It's time for VR, the GPUs are ripe.  God bless.
what about the population density now? Is the city still empty or is it now like on a good PC 1 year ago?
23:51 Club needs more people. if Hitman games can fill the club with a crowd ... so can cyberpunk!
I'll wait for a trophy patch, trophies should really transfer with the last gen save...just like xbox
Is this raytracing mode?  Looks like 60 fps though?
Something about the world feels dead. You start off in a bar and when you walk outside for the first time, you feel nothing. No wind, no honking, no trains moving, nothing. It’s the small things that make a city feel alive, and graphics aren’t it.
It looks so good on ps5 I’m debating on getting on console instead of PC
I'm going for the platinum trophy.  Love this game just wish it was delayed and next gen only.
Still waiting for official third person mode
I want more Jackie.....NOW!
Great, great.......now give us more endings.
I like it but, they really tried too hard at the start with that slow turns
Lookz super nice
I would love to see third person view in the game. Maybe not in cutscenes or in a fight, But Just free roam. Would be great
Does it have NG+ after the next gen update?
CP2077 needs big paid story DLCs. Polish and optimization is good (and should've been there from the start), but  it's not co-op or something.. There's is not much to do after story line.. Yet.
Awesome I waiting a whole year to finally play this game on PS5 with the actual next gen
Many people including myself can either not upgrade to ps5 version or after downloading it the disc doesn't allow you to use it as if there was no disc inside or the wrong one..... nice work cd project & sony.....
Looks the same to me
Draw distance is still realy bad for a next gen game, even on pc 😩
Been playing for hours, only one glitch were I got stuck in a box, other than that, flawless, u couldn't even make 5 minutes of that on the previous, good job fellas! And ladies! 🤟
25:04 WTF with that... A bug in the animatión? OMG, I CAN'T BELIVE THAT. (?)
Looks better than PS4 Pro version on PS5, expected however more from it. Does not have a wow factor.
This small indie dev is making great progress with Cyberpunk 77.
Yep definitely going to get this game after a few more updates on it. It will be pretty cheap then 😁.
The game is sub par regardless of bugs unfortunately. Can roll a shit in glitter but it's still a shit.
This patch can't even let me play on ps4, corrupt data, what a bullshit
love it  !  finally it is a proper PS5 version 😎 good job👍CD PROJEKT RED team ! thanks a lot !
Hello, thank you for the gameplay, which graphics option did you choose? Thank you. 🙂
DLC idea 💡 Survival Mode 🤷‍♂️  Eat, Drink and Sleep. Not that often so that the game doesn’t become tedious.  Don’t fulfill your needs and you get slight debuffs to stamina health and ram Regen 🤷‍♂️   If you properly fulfill your needs and you get Buffs for stamina and health, also well rested for Faster RAM regen.  Idk just an idea. Let us use more vendors
Reduce the pop ins please. Its very distracting
DLC idea 💡 a Bounty System, commit crimes and get a bounty, then NCPD can become aware of us more often and eventually “chase” us down.  Viktor gives us the Kiroshi Eye upgrade, that also makes camera systems blur our face. So the bounty can be based off our clothing and cyber upgrades. Change clothing to reduce bounty likeness… Just an idea.  Harder Difficulty only 🤷‍♂️
Ktoś mi wytłumaczy dlaczego są teraz odrębne osiągnięcia dla PS4 i PS5? Czy to nie jest bez sensu XD?
What a joke of a game, so sad for the so called "most immersive rpg" to be mid at best, and a pitifull RPG at that.
So are you guys going to fix the HDR in the game?
Too much interference going for my eyes to enjoy watching. This game isn't for me
Good improvements overal and the resolution bump is very welkom but i do have one small compliant on the visuals and animation department: why are the ejecting shells/ bullet cases still gone on the next gen consoles? Pistols / Smg’s / assault riffles are basically bb guns now.. I hope they fix this soon, even if this is just a small issue for most players. For me, it pulls me out the awesome and very detailed weapon’s animations!
This is a good step forward for CP2077. Hopefully they keep adding more content and anything that was lacking from initial release.
hope its fixes the issues on ps4 hyped <3
So, the Thrax Jefferson bugged out on me at some point when I was playing on the previous 1.31 version, the objective marker is there but the car is not, I tried reloading about 50 times, uninstalling the game and reinstalling etc, no luck. It stopped me from getting the Autojock trophy. I was waiting for this update hoping it would fix it, but it didn't. Does anyone know of a way to fix it?
Any word on the next gen version of Wild Hunt?
It this another scam by cd project ?
After all the problems and glitches from before, I gave up with this game. I am hoping that this has fixed all that so I can get it and experience it on the next gen consoles in it's intended form.
Now its time to start playing this game.
The timing off this update seems to have been chosen by CDPR to inflict maximum damage on the folks over at Digital Foundry
When will trophies be patched in for transferred saves?  Just because it's a different SKU number doesn't mean anything
remembered how they fooled us with the fake gameplay in 2018 and fake overpromised lies. Yeah so keep the expectation tf down, cdpr reputation is all ruined a long time ago. If u really want the players forgiveness just release the real gameplay, no one believe on your dogshit fake lies trailer anymore.
I played it, it’s still a bad empty game
Please fix the ghost traffic in the distance.... takes me out of the immersion.
I'm really excited to go for my second playthrough. I was fortunate enough to get a PS5 at launch before CP77 came out. Really enjoyed the game despite its flaws. Hopefully they'll add a RT performance mode to bring both 60fps and a less demanding RT mode together
Not only looks like mirror edge did 10 years ago but it added anoying ground reflection everywhere, slow pace action/story and very empty looking city near the player
like how the game doesn't even look anything like it does in the video also no fov slider is bs
Nice, now the 5 people who own a PS5 can play an unfinished game too.
Im definitely gonna pick this game up and give it a try looks so good.
This is how Cyberpunk should of been at launch. Its depressing that it takes a year of updates for most games to simply be "good". I know its not the devs fault, big suits wanting big money ruins everything for the people who actually care, I just hate how now its publicly accepted that most games will take a year after launch to be at the anything near what was advertised. I miss the PS1/2 era where games where actually 100% ready on launch
Going to play for the first time on PS5
I could buy this game from g2a for 15 bucks, but I wont cause it's worth 5.
good thing we can see this game at alpha stage in 2022, still waiting beta release at 2055 & release date at 2077
Looks good, but overhyped
1-2 shots with gun, 40-50 slashes with a sword??
Well done! You made PS5 version, so please, fix the PS4, which you broke!
It's very strange that there is no transmog in Cyberpunk 2077...  What about police system rework?
ITS A NICE PIECE OF SHIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
No amount of graphics will make an ok game great. Played the game on a 3080, looks amazing, but ultimately the game itself is just ok. Have no idea how they went from the Witcher quality to this.
Preordered on PC and finished the game. Now bought it again on PS5 and will play it after i finish with Horizon Forbidden West. Good job CDPR!
Just give up and move on
We all have seen your next gen last year
This is a good step forward for CP2077. Hopefully they keep adding more content and anything that was lacking from initial release.
This comment section is why we can't have nice things. Bunch of people getting excited for a new player home and customization. The game is still not an rpg by the way and your choices still don't matter
Hopefully they will make Ai smarter and mostly cops
wow, after 2 years they delivered what they promised
After trying to find out why I can't get the ps5 version it seems that my copy was for Poland and I live in Greece.!!! Is this a joke? How am I suppose to know where the retail shop got it's copies and why should that concearn me? No I won't make a new fake Polish psn account, this is stupid. This game is broken beyond repair.
Oh yeah, this is the stuff!
Si porque no enseñan carreras de coche y Alós ciudadanos de naisiti
Krala yol açın
Perfect🙌💯
Congrats on this patch guys! This genuinely improved the game.
24:46  Is that club a nod to VtMB? It is very similar…
Its still a long way to go but now its on minimum standards that needed to be at the release date.  I will pick this up afrer expansions. Hoppe that they will improve it more by the time of seacond expansion is out
Why does every voice line sound like the actor has no idea what the context of the scene is?
Just here to brag that I have a 3070ti
Bad gameplay of this game will not fix anything.
I would pay 14.99 for this game. For being an  open world rpg it  doesnt feel like you have much freedom.
Love that theres a 5 hour trial also to test it out which i did and its got me hooked. Purchased the game after as well since its on sale
I played it on a high end PC a year ago. Is it just me? Because I can't see it. Greetings from Germany
How about Witcher 3 Next gen?
Thats what i say update.
I really enjoyed my playthrough on my PS5 last winter even though the game had so many rough edges. The upgrade looks promising. Maybe I'll go back to night city after Elden Ring and Horizon...
welp, back to NC tonight.
the graphics makes me wanna eat a potato chips and hurls them into the fucking tv
Yeah... Apartments... And the fight with the sword is still boring af... exactly 3 moves in the combo.. 6 minutes... why u choose this ? i dont want to play sims or whatever. update the game with certain features like more sword moves. more weapon diversity.. instead we get apartments.. i was happy with the game before ( of course i would never play a game like this on a tetris play machine aka. ps5 / xbsx ). The toasterkids may like what u show, they waited over a year for a playable version of this game. I can understand them. The PC players get some clickysweety adds to the game. shame  u should set your self some priorities.. 2 new weapons? even for free its not enough. u had over a year and shit on us like that.. sorry i thing there is NO excuse for ur failure. its a action rpg. so diversity is anything u should wanna reach. Even Pyranha Bytes is more promising in their evolution and u fastlane overtake them with ez... again. shame
Unfortunately there is no solid 60 fps on PS5. Just go through the crowded city and you will see these significant drops. Sad.
Exactly the same gameplay from 2 years ago... I believe CDProject, or at least the CEOs haven't really learn the lesson from their last launch. I still believe they felt from the cliff of marketing and it looks like they didn't come up yet. Ah! and I hope the developers of this game have been paid well and haven't received any more CRUNCH during this update time.
Release a separate PS5 physical Copy then I will consider getting it. Also Add waves and ripples to water. They crowd still walks like robots. Bring car damage. Just make it like GTA
Still looks like the same shit. So funny how they showcase how we can change V's appeareance mid game, like they are proud of it lmao. Shit should've been in the game since release, got it after months/a year idek how long at this point.
The recordplayer is playing backwards 🙈🤷‍♂️
I don't get if what i'm seeing is with raytracing or not, if it is how come it look like 60fps
Where’s the lag
Will gladly support CD project for such an ambitious game
My only question is why don't the guns eject spent shells?
I wanna ask when will be the ps5 version of cyberpunk 2077 released?
Now you ready to go, but i’m done with this game
This update is available now? Do they have a proper next gen version of this game now? Or do I need to download the PS4 version on my PS5 again?
It's like people are at the point where bad is the new normal this game has been shit on so many times now that it's like everyones saying wow it's so good NO it's pretty much on the level of what launch should have been I really wanted to like this game and I still do but ffs I hate immersion breaking in an immersive game so why is there still floating shit that shouldn't be there or cars flying in from the heavens and people getting ran over crossing roads or cars not knowing how to drive on the goddamn road wish I could refund this shit it's horrible I thought this update was going to "fix" this shit it feels like they've done nothing to change that stuff but add more stuff that's probably added more bugs c'mon man
I downloaded the patch and started to play and it made my ps5 start to crash again 🤦🏽‍♂️ doesn’t crash when I play dying light 2 tho
this is just like watching a movie
Mmm, not bad, CDPR!!! Waiting new patches and dlc.
Nothing New .. no thanks  I Hope witcher upgrades on ps5
I've never played the game before. I tried yesterday the free 5 hours PS5 version. I think it's very good. In my opinion it seems like a really good game and I think I ll buy it.
I hope cdpr can make a comeback after the disaster of a release
It's really a shame that PS5 had a worse launch than this game. At least you could buy this game.
Is this game out yet??
I'm looking forward for dlcs!
Good now we need DLC....
че за еьььаааная графа?? кто в курсе
16:42 как вижу "умные" машины до сих пор расщепляются на атомы. Хорошая работа, прожекты
what song on 24:18
Can you muff dive Panam as female V?
19:29 - 19:30 I saw a glitch when that man run to the car
How did your employer know the guy was dead seconds after you leave the club? and call to congratulate you? come on lol
3rd person view mode than only i care
#💯💩
Great job! The game have done a big step to the perfection. Now in my PC with a GTX 970 runs very good. I have played the game yesterday evening and I have noticed less bugs in general, an increse of FPS, and I have noticed more stability in general. Good work CD Project!
Did they fix the part of the game that makes it boring and derivative?
will Cyberpunk be the next No Man's sky? time will tell....
Thank you, you have my trust back. Good work to all at CDPR!
This looks really good.
wish to continue updating more amazing apartments
I love this 1.5 update
Why?
*Ｈｏｎｅｓｔ opinion* , my last save was from September, and today I've been playing the new PS5 version for like 5 hours now, and imho graphically it looks *disappointingly* the same comparing to the PS4 code running on PS5. It's been 14 months... Don't get me wrong, still a beautiful game but it does not seem to utilize the PS5's power. It's pretty stable so there's that. I've already encountered some glitches like my sniper rifle not firing in the middle of a fight, L3 not initiating the sprinting animation, and for last, half of my clothes (at level 40) are useless now, I can't equip them anymore. 🤕 Anyways I can appreciate this *port* and think this time I'll finish the game (finally). Hopefully there's many more patches to come. Thanks.
I like everything in the update but this isn't the best gameplay mission to show off the game especially to those that want to try out the game for the first time lol
We want online multiplayer pls that would make ur updates and contents worthy as more of player base would be playing the game and it would be way more fun
goofy ahh game
The potential of this game is huge. Just update it via Dlc. New story. Nêw characters. New advênture.
When is this game coming out ?   I like how there is no subway trailer this time. Did they fix the Transform[] Navmesh; on the Police AI ?  95% Designers and Illustrators , 5% Software Engineers.       I will play the Witcher III till they finish this one.  Wot a disaster, first my 4080rtx or my intel Arc,  And then maybe this for 20 bucks, if its finished.  - We leave greed to others -  GET REKT with this unfinished game that runs surprisingly well in the next gen consoles. This game is a living Poem.
Waited a year and 2 months for this. Started playing it today and man it’s good!
This should have been the official release
Even Blackwater has more inhabitants than Night City.  Cyberpunk is still not the game that was promised. Maybe after the 600th update…
Bro just let this game die. It’s a legend of memes at this point
I'm so happy 😊 CD PROJEKT RED did not give up on it. Much love to the development team. Screw the board of directors. FYI JUST PURCHASED IT 👊👊👊
give it a year or 2 and we get the complete version with more added and expansions. Like W3 has Blood and Wine and Hearts of Stone + 20 or so cosmetic DLC. We will get a physical ps5 complete Edition by end of 2022 i bet.  Also where it was at launch, even playing on ps5, to where it is now. Its better. Tbh if i were CDPR, I'd not have fixed much on ps4 version and just pushed hard for ps5 upgrade as really, this update is what the game should have mostly been day 1. With more to do in the city perhaps (mini games, casino?), plus police in cars chasing you..... like in GTA. Lastly, the option for 3rd person although highly unlikely ever, as they've previously stated, would just be cool so when you change gear for V you see it.
Wow, it actually looks like the first 2019 trailer.
Looks promising now especially on next gen def. Buying.Wonder if their will be a next gen physical copy??? As well mayb in da future well se 4k 120 and 4k60 with RT.
Twitter vs YouTube comments make you feel like in a different world lmao
Love it man that research is key! You might like some of my latest videos on the top 10 crypto by 2025 too!
I would love it if you guys could put the character skins that were in the beginning trailers for the male and female but I'm so happy this is out and able to play on my ps5. Thanks guys!
kinda killed their own game.
Honestly don’t know how people play this on a console.  This game was made for a mouse and key board.
Зашел - вылетело - удалил
Sorry, until this game gets a police system that’s worth a *beep*, who cares? Great, I can stand in front of a mirror and do more customization now, it’s just to bad the game is in first person! And we need a bunch of apartments to do so? The Apartment was boring enough, do we really need a bunch!? So I guess there’s a ton of players who apparently just stand around in an apartment? Seriously!? Call me crazy but when I was playing (back at launch for a week roughly), I spent my time driving around a Big Beautiful Boring City! A whole lot of boring driving. Hey CD Projekt Red, I know a way to make the game less boring while driving… Fix or Create a Proper Police A.I. System!!!! The Gang A.I. could use work also unfortunately. But at least we got a couple new guns… because the 100+ guns that were already in the game that weren’t being used weren’t enough!? Most of these editions feel like fixes or options that should have been there since day one! Let’s hope CD Projekt Red gets down to some gameplay upgrades! I guess it’s getting that time to finally uninstall this waste of time & money!
No new game plus
I cant wait to try the finished product of the game. Still sad that people couldn’t be patient and wait for them to finish the game, maybe it would’ve came out better the first time
The question is; Will this fix also apply to the STEAM version?
Water physics is finally here! I thought it would be a DLC, water and wine or something
Getting ready to actually play this soon. Got such a big backlog because of grinding in Destiny 2. Hopefully this game is more in line with what it was meant to be. Looks like they were just held back by old technology and were too scared of stockholders to say that.
First video, they've posted in over a year. That alone should remind you just how disastrous that launch was right there. Battlefront 2, and No Man Sky were really only quiet for a few months. This is a step in the right direction with this massive patch, but it's still far away from the level of redemption those two games earned.
Lol, who gives a shit about cyberjunk
Why does the open world, vehicles, npcs all seem scripted and lifeless? What exactly does Rockstar do with GTA V in order to make the world feel so lived in and lively?
This game is still in early access after this long? Sheesh.
I’m losing my f*cking mind I’ve been wanting stuff like this forever like beings able to customize ur character outside of using console commands or mods now all we need is a ng+ mode
This is the version they should have released from the beginning.
Buckle up fr a really shity ride
game still has the most boring missions in any game ive ever played. all text, gun fights are shit, tries way too hard to be edg. not gonna honey dick me with this controlled gameplay lol
This looks way better then the PS4 version! I hope they can add a New Game+ Mode too!
What patch version is this
They add "aways night" mode?
I did the last mission that you did way easier and the guy survived also...
my ps5 doesnt look like this, are this kinda fake?
This looks like a step in the right direction, I'm cautious but hopeful
I don't know if the devs read the comments but I would love eating and drinking animations. Maybe going to restaurants or bars taking a drink or food would immerse me more in first person. I would love if my v could crack a beer after tough job.
Wow, what a great character model! It's too bad the game only uses FIRST-PERSON.
So it’s finally safe to buy ?
Why should we trust that this game is going to run properly now? And why does the camera bob so jarringly as V walks? No, seriously, it looks like V's head is loosely attached to their neck and just shakes as they walk.
Next lie gameplay maybe? Hmm
Wow that's the most underwhelming crap I've ever seen, considering the first gameplay we ever saw looked 10X better than this. And that was what, 5 years ago or something?
Unfortunately it still has all the problems of the previous versions, but in addition it has frame rate drops.
Its taking a century to download i sure hope this shits worth it
I picked a PS4 copy up for 10 bucks a week ago after hearing the rumours of next gen. Looks like I'll be jumping in for the first time on ps5.
Well this should have been the launch experience but I'm glad they kept working and didn't abandon the game.
Please add 3rd person option if you can so that we can really appreciate the character we've made 🙏
The patch looks really promising, just hope CD project can redeemed themselves like with No man's Sky.
I was about to laugh when I saw that there are still some glitches present in this gameplay, but then I remembered that means that this isn't pre-rendered and is actually happening in real time... Unless they pre-rendered glitches so no one would suspect that it's pre-rendered? I need a drink.
🤣🤣🤣🤣
What is the character customization system for? As throughout the game I could barely see the shape of the character I created.
*THANX A MILLION :)* I am just downloading it now. So checking it out on the weekend ;) You surely surprised the heck out of me, LOL! :p  So, now, you busy little boys and girls ... Go on holiday and have some fun outside of the offices. Know that your fans love you (again) and that should suffice for now.
Oh another failed thing.....
To be honest I m not gunna play this shit, it’s not about next gen/last gen experience, the content itself is shit, it’s not even half of the content included that CD Project promised, just a big disappointment In fact ppl are not even able to get a PS5 due to Song shit ass marketing.
That's some blunt katana
Witcher 3 started off horrible as well don't forget that. It wasn't as bad as Cyberpunk but it was pretty damn bad glitch wise.
This update looks like a big positive step forward!  I am a little sad that the appearance changes are accessed just from the mirror.  Doesn't make a whole lotta sense, but at least I can change my look now.
Good luck!!! CD projeckt❤
e3 trailer still looks better
i played version 1.31 and it was about as buggy as when i played it in launch month almost a year and a half ago. does this patch for current-gen consoles mean the pc version is getting a patch as well?
If we’re lucky we’ll get new game plus soon if we’re realistic then it’ll be a few months
When people say the game is bad. Yes look at the steam ratings
streets empty sidewalks empty
Does it even have dlc it's been about a year and a half + 🤔???
One year and two months for this shit? Game is still a trash and SCAM, all the promisses you made about game mechjanics aren't still in the game
One doesn’t experience self-transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates-~ 🎈
Is this a joke?! I can't download the ps5 version, trial only or the ps4 update. I have the cd cause I was stupid enough to buy it when it launched but I can't get the ps5 update. I've downloaded the ps5 trial and deleted it but it still says it's the only patch available, this or ps4. Wtf?
Yeah it looks awesome but I can't upgrade my version to PS5. I bought the collectors edition last year because I was so hyped and now when I can upgrade it it says I need to pay.
Still worse than GTA V from 2013... Drop it already. It's just a "meh" game. It is what it is.  Better do your best with the new Witcher.
😤 trying my best to regain my trust in you Keep up the good work 💪
The Light of the Gospel 1Therefore, since God in His mercy has given us this ministry,a we do not lose heart. 2Instead, we have renounced secret and shameful ways. We do not practice deceit, nor do we distort the word of God. On the contrary, by open proclamation of the truth, we commend ourselves to every man’s conscience in the sight of God. 3And even if our gospel is veiled, it is veiled to those who are perishing.  4The god of this age has blinded the minds of unbelievers so they cannot see the light of the gospel of the glory of Christ, who is the image of God. 5For we do not proclaim ourselves, but Jesus Christ as Lord, and ourselves as your servants for Jesus’ sake. 6For God, who said, “Let light shine out of darkness,”b made His light shine in our hearts to give us the light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ.c
I have zero desire to play this again. The 40+ crashes, all the bugs, and the lack of polish killed it.
Do they fixed this game?
Doesn't really matter if it looks little bit better. The gameplay mechanic of walking, shooting and driving are bad. All in general i was just hoping for a more realistic futuristic gta game like the trailers and gameplay 7 years ago. Plus its still 1st person and that is always a lettdown if it comes to open world games.
Turn the fucking camera speed up my god
big shit!
Been waiting forever for the PS5 update. Only issue now is that it couldn't have happened at a worse time. Dying Light is monopolizing mu time and soon Elden Ring and Horizon lol
7:30 "You like that silver?!"
Am depressed since the ending plz add a happy ending plzzzzzzzz
This game is dead
The game looks AMAZING. Finally, Thank you guys for releasing cyberpunk. (ATLAST)
Отлично 10 из 10
SOOOO... now that i saw this patch note ... maybe i can start playing the thing. that i paid 60€ in 2020. but credit to CDPR : i bought a GPU instead of cyberpunk in 2020 for the sake of playing it. i was expecting GPU availability to go down after cyberpunk release so i gave up my search for a 3080... that was the best investment i've made because it was almost msrp at that time !
Driver still doesn't shift gears, press pedals ore use the steering wheel accurately. People on the streets behave weird when bump into each other. But it's cool that you can change your appearance. The build looks more stable as well.
The patch looks really promising, just hope CD project can redeemed themselves like with No man's Sky.
This is how this game should looks like from the beginning
is this for real or its just some kind of prank ? this looks so baaaad
Well bit too late for this since I absolutely completed the game. Release dlcs.
キャラメイク途中で変更できるのはアツい
with rt 30fps on is a game unplayable this is probably a joke on PS5
I don't want to hate it, but the combat is still total garbage, minecraft with better graphics. And not sure if leveled weapons still exist there too? Pistol more powerful than a shotgun still in the game? I want to love the game, but I just can't.
A flying car would be a good for Cybepunk 77 it is missing
Why I don’t have any trophys on ps5 version!?!
It is still crashing . Not working waited this long and still ???!
looks almost as good as the PC version!
Runs smoothly on the PS5, Great work to these guys 💯
Looks the same to me
Wonder if this will be for ps4 to the updates I mean like the customization and the other things
Please implement an fov slider to consoles like the one in the pc version. The default fov setting is too narrow!
Oh Yes Baby! <3
Some additional info not mentioned here is that the PS5 version is literally half the size of the PS4 version (55 vs 110 GB) which I appreciate a lot. CDPR clearly put a lot of effort into creating a proper PS5 version with DualSense features and many other improvements to the game itself not specified here to which is so great.
The way pedestrians hit into each other is hilarious. Truly next gen 🤣🤣🤣
Great update! I'm excited to play this game all over again on PS5! Can't wait!
*Fool me once shame on me, fool me twice and you might be a video game developer...*
Still waiting for a New Game+ mode ;_;
Looks cool
Where's the fucking ray tracing, ain't this shit patch called next gen?
I seen the 40+ GB download and went straight here. I hope I can keep my old save files.
Omg wait, so we finally have a new player home?
Omg wait, so we finally have a new player home?
Support Xbox series S with 1080/60fps mode
*Nah, I'm not trusting y'all TWICE!*
I wish the world was more interactive. This game needs so much more than a visual upgrade. Atleast they worked on what was there, I guess...a year later.
05:44 if history remains constant, then that is not in the game.
Haha the way that they tried to make this gameplay something new it’s funny bro we know all happend with this game why u acting brand new !!!????  I don’t want hate on them but I can forgive not forget !!
It looks amazing! Thank you CD Projekt Red for listening to me! Can't wait to buy and play it! 😁
4 or 5 of these updates and it would be perfect
Daaamn this game looks so out dated  compared to Horizon 2 lol
Holy shit the combat looks so much smoother now. Also love the draw animation for the weapons holy
Third person mode please
PS+ for March? ...Otherwise I'll definitely pick this up on the cheap.
still looks like trash needs three more years
Why choose playstation? It's 30% weaker than Xbox Series X. Even PC would of been better.
So it has ray tracing shadows look much better but I’m not noticing reflections on either ps5 or series x idk prob cuz of the videos since I’m still waiting on my ps5 and well base Xbox doesn’t have ray tracing so o can’t test it out but honestly would easily sacrifice reflections for global illumination
pc looks better
Respect
I hope people who are playing on PS5 are enjoying it. Since on PS4 there are people who literally can't start the game
Bruh, watchdogs 1 had better looking NPC's. You can't really call this "Next Gen".
Yeah, no thanks. Won’t fall for this scam again
just realized kerry didn't even take a sip of his coffee lmao
Bravo studio CD projekt réussi le jeux cyberpunk 2077 version Playstation 5 yes yes plus bug m'amuser vous êtes super foi et vive online nouveautés contenus prochain jours..Très réussi 💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗👍👍👍👍👍👏👏👏👏
30 fps on series s? Go to hell.
ALMOST there !!!! All this needs is more depth to the city, but yes this is a move in the right direction!!!!
Look same shit
The single fact that now we have another apertment, and can customize V. Only those little things are BIG things for me, thanks CDPR. Hoping for more content in the future.
I am really happy to see the comment is not at all toxic like other vidoes of cyberpunk which is quite understandable. I guys we really should give CDPR another chance. Nobody is perfect. We can't really expect CDPR to deliver back to back ground breaking  games and not ever mess. Everyone fails at some point is there life. I know people are mad about the insane marketing behind Cyberpunk but before bashing CDPR I just cannot ignore the fact that they made the Witcher series. They took there time in developing the series with each game improving upon its predecessor and finally giving us the masterpiece Witcher 3 is. But for Cyberpunk ( a genre they haven't worked on before) they tried or atleast promised to deliver a masterpiece of similar or greater scale on the first try. They dreamt to big. It was like they flew to close to the sun on the first attempt only to fall but i believe they will rise with sequel of Cyberpunk. Atleast they aspire to deliver good content unlike most other developers nowadays.
sigh why the character gotta be so ugly.. thnk god we can mod the fuck out of this game
Audio would be nice
Очень круто, жалко только что не добавили гараж для машины
Never got around to complete the game, due to lack of next gen update. Time to install the game on my Series X once again.
Lol
Glad I can finally start this
Give us Witcher 3 update. Nobody wants CP2077
Looks like shit
Y E S
Still a disappointment. Such a shame, feel bad for the devs. Fuck the management
i was sold at changing your characters look
i have the game in disk format and the next gen is not available, only the demo.....
43.4GB patch on pc. looking good
I have fingers crossed! Im sure you can do it CDP!
what a pos
this gotta be a joke xD
Guys does anyone mentions that this patch is  62GB heavy!!??? What a f...k Fuck.... It is like downloading whole game again. Not comment
Nothing phenomenal, really.👎 What a pity Youtube as made the "Dislike" completely useless.
Is this playable yet on the One S? Best just to buy the next gen?
You can't change the lies, you are just like any other video game company.
The graphics look good but overall the storyline and content for players to get lost in its glory is low. More enticing side missions and expansions packs needed. Otherwise it’s just a beautiful city with too much litter on streets.
All Fake
Honestly , nice job CdProyekt
nice update, now it's time to restore cut content, add more things to do in the city, police chasings, fire fighters and i'd like to see trauma team in action to save civilians. I think the game has a big potential!
Looking good! I wonder if they can add some kind of performance RT/quality mode where it's a lower resolution with higher settings at 60fps?
shoulda used that time to make 3rd person animation too
The problem of cyberpunk are not the bugs its his story and i don't think that can be fixed
1.5 years too late
Looks good now add businesses you can buy and run like an autoshop or maybe a cyberware chop shop
Imagine if you guys released this game now with all of these improvements right at launch instead of releasing it broken and lying to everyone. Why did you do it?  In the long term you damaged your profitability severely and your reputation is in shambles. It’s such a dumb move.. I just don’t get it.
I'll will give it a try
One year too late GTFO with this game
ion man I dont trust this game no more
did they seriously do a 2008 slow walking gameplay preview for this video?  why though.
Been waiting for this patch since the release, now I can finally play this game. I hope Witcher 3 next gen is not that far away.
Good that cyberpunk still want to fix this game but the truth is.. they overpromised many things and CPR cant do nothing with that. I just hope that they can fix some physics and other things that sucks in cyberpunk. I really want this "next gen" experience that we were told in trailers.
I wish there was a racing minigame after you finish the whole quest with Claire.
Looks boring as hell glad I never wasted my money on this trash game
The UI still load/show/hide/show with animation... But look desent
Hope they add ton of free content. Because the game although better, is still very empty at its core.
Definitely gonna get back into it and go for the platinum
Give us new game plus pls
I honestly can’t tell a difference
It still looks bad
So, npcs don't despawn anymore after shooting in the city?
No amount of work will put this back together again. They shitted all over their first impression.
Downloaded Update 1.5 on Base PS4 and it corrupted my application and instructed me to delete the game (that I just updated for hours) and reinsert the disc, to then have to reinstall the whole game. Very disappointed :(
Seriously?! We wait a entire life for a "next gen" upgrade and on a Series S (Supposes to be a next gen console) the game still on potato mode (30fps). A never feel more screwed in my entire life. I can't describe my disappointment with CD and MS to give a shit to Series S. What's next? Witcher 3 upgrade only to Series X and ps5?
Play da asco
Ray traced shadows = no ray tracing
I loved this game and it's story when with all its bugs
THE BUGGY GAME OF ALL TIME
The single fact that now we have another apertment, and can customize V. Only those little things are BIG things for me, thanks CDPR. Hoping for more content in the future.
Man that sword is kinda booty. How many hits does it take to kill someone geez.
Still no police chases and no Ng+. The former is seriously immersion breaking. And it seems like DRS is hitting hard because it still looks grainy. And the RT mode seems like it's in the low 20s a lot. Have to wait for the Digital Foundry analysis.
Well done cyberpunk looks so more realistic now can't wait to finish work and get back playing again 👍
I don’t believe any video you post anymore
love this game
upgrade free for us ps4 owneers?
And what about the the third person, so many people has been asking for that
So does anyone know how to upgrade the physical copy for playstation? Only thing i see is the trial version
Ótimo vídeo! Continuem com o bom trabalho ❤
Do you have to play as a women ?
nice nice, will finally play this game - but first Horizon FW, Elden Ring & GT7. Ain't got no tiiiiiiime fo'this rn
City still seems a bit dead in some parts... But still looks better.  We are hoping they no mans sky their way out.
Finally, you changed your mind and rented buildings
looks like a good update, you cant really call it a DLC tho since the patch is mostly finishing the game that was promised. Is there going to be wallrunning? Combat also still seems off and spongy! A variety of new guns, new enterior of buildings, more things to do in the Night City to make it feel more alive would be the perfect touch. good job tho! hopefully in a year from now we have an actual DLC with new content like new missions etc.! Keep it up
So what's new
If no man's sky came back to be in my opinion was the best game on ps4, cyberpunk 2077 might have some of a chance, it all depends how long they will keep supporting this game
anybody remembers what happened the last time there was a gameplay trailer of cyberbug compared with the final product? "it runs surprising well on ps4"
I love this game💯🔥
No RT reflections :(
and the bugs? werent the bugs part of the cyberpunk gameplay? so this is a downgrade, the game isnt fun anymore
We all know Music stops when you exit the room 😂
I feel like I beta-tested this game by preordering it.
Glad it's finally coming out of early access!
this is great but sadly this is how the game should have come out, this is just a symptom of how things work today. workers getting crushed by deadlines set by higher ups to their benefit. things need to change
Kerry was running in 2020 from the cops because he broke the covid lockdown rules.
I think this game could really benefit from a demo, I only bought Dragon Quest 11 and Scarlet Nexus because they had fairly long demos that got me hooked on the gameplay.
Estoy sencillamente emocionado por probar esto. Increíble, llegó el día
I still don’t get why in 2077 you need to press a button to see your reflection. It’s stupid even by game standards.
This is the last shred of hope I have for this game. If patch 1.5 can deliver what is being promised and helps push the game into the right direction, then it has hope of being another no man’s sky redemption…
When V touched her hair I was like WHAT she can do that now?!
Don't buy it. You would get scammed again.
Like im complete in love with your game cdpr and I love the new update and it's futures, but it's my kinda my own wish yeah but I think also a lot of players wish for a new game plus mode, maybe we see it in the future? :D
For those who’s already played the PC version. Can you please share thoughts on how the version in this video stacks up graphically?  Is it close or still way off graphically?
games looking much better  . And hey finally a new crib and instant customizable character. Also Female  V s voise acting is still very very Good
Is this really what they needed all these months for? Really? This is some kind of bullshit, literally they have done things that community has done in 2 months and it took them that long... pathetic, this  CDPR is probably the laiest dev studio ive ever seen.
Yes!
I support this game and I am so glad CD is putting in effort
Man it still looks boring AF
Why not make mirrors work like a mirros?
Why not 1080p 60fps in xbox series s?
I still don't understand why mirrors aren't just raytraced. I get it for low end systems but even with raytracing u can't even see ur body
lmao
nice!
This game ideally should've blown everyone's expectations on release including the NPCs, the decisions matter part, and a bunch of other things. Like how God of War and Horizon Forbidden West are doing. Instead, they didn't even deliver what they promised and are now getting back to basic stuff after 2 years. Doing something game changing in the gaming world with Cyberpunk 2077 and blowing people's mind is still far fetched. But glad they atleast fixed tha bad. People's expectations are already not high now anyway.
Incredible. Thanks for not giving up on the game, I will definitely play again. Hard work will be rewarded. Let's go V
Wow the update 1.5 is amazing ...for the ps5 thnx...love it
Watching this slow strolls around Night City, I realised something. I was never really walking around NC... If I was going somewhere, I was running 😉
Thank you for this awesome update you guys put out but as a someone whos already pretty much finished the game, my only question is will you guys be adding in a New Game+ mode??? I think it would be a great way to reincentivize players who already beat the game to come back before the first major expansion drops.
I'll give this another try if it ever comes to gamepass
Time to party like it's 2023
Alright bois, the stage is set. Operation N.M.S.R is on the GO!!!
When is the story update and will there even be any dlc?
V's finger on Kerry's shoulder.
Ehh... mogliby zrobić Deus Ex lub System Shock 2 na tym silniku - pomarzyć ;)
lo veo igual
will there be a ps5 version physical dics will be release soon? I would like to get them and re-visit night city more details this time.
Download the free 5 hour trial sadly got work tomorrow in the morning so bed time when I get home
Going to do a no skill run
Thanks for fixing game I never got a refund I had hope
Nice one! 👍👍👍
I play on PS4 Pro and my game don't want to launch with 1.51 patch so how i fix that ?
oh wow its still shit
Cant upgrade for free, even with physical copy. Bug or something?
This is a terrible showcase. They didn't show anything new. You can customize your character and apartment, and that's it. The rest are just random missions from the game that showcase nothing new. That cyberpsycho fight was way to easy. You were just slashing at a bot with your katana, the police chase with Kerry last 4 seconds, and NPC's still just duck when there's a shootout. I hope the game has some actual improvements. The NPC's are so sad. We were supposed to get AI, but all we got is bots. It's going to be 2077 by the time they actually fix this game
Ps 4 disc version cannot be upgraded to the PS5 version. Please fix this
28:40 glad to see there's a sociopath route lmao
Lol, what tail? 16:39, there's like a someone who made this quest, and the dev team didn't deliver chase sequence. Not nice.
finalmente! quero muito saber como será a versão do xbox series s
I’m Now Ready To Install! Thank You 💙
I checked there are new secrets in the game but only on next gen. Even PC won't get it, although PC is getting some new specs but its still current gen
Great Game
How the heck did you drink coffee like that ... Well I guess it's cold coffee in this future
Played the female to much on the PC going to use the dude this time
I honestly got the game at launch and seeing how it was unplayable i never touched it again so i guess its time to finally give this game a chance. But a lesson learned to never pre order a game.
Looks smooth 👌 😎
Getting the PS4 version next week to upgrade to the PS5 version for free
Honesttly, the game's story is greatt. I really hope the game itsself improves thoughout furter updates. We need more V customisation options.
Who will see u when you r a third person shooting  game...making lots of decorations of ur body...wasteful
Thermal Katana from the Trailer now available?
How does a guy who’s been dead for 50 years, have still living “old friends” who are about 30-35?   And if the answer is cyberware, I have more questions.
Not quite there but getting so close, some the sound in certain areas was off
Everyone deserves a second chance . Everyone was mad and criticized this game . They did not see the blood,sweat and tears behind this game . They did not see the suffering of the developers when they saw the disaster. No one knew that what they tried to do was something so innovative and groundbreaking . They tried something that others did not have the courage to even think of . I believe in CD project Red . They will make it right . And this game will blast all the hate when it comes back better than ever !
В целом неплохо, уже нет этой мазни с размытием, стало хоть более-менее не вырвиглазной картинка. В правильную сторону движетесь, CPDR, но еще впереди куча патчей и, надеюсь, качественное DLC.
Still covid on the city … trash game
What's different? Nothing looks any better or worse. Didn't even fix the chokeout animation.
I hope this update adds hints on the magenta mystery nobody been able to crack the code yet.
Ok, now I’ll play it.
“Ok gang we’ve patched these areas of the map. Make sure we specifically ONLY show these areas in the ps5 demo” cdprojektred are crooks nothing more. Don’t give them your money
New patch new bugs, what you exited for ?
Damn, I spent so much time doing that job for Dino the violent way, climbing over the ducting and coming in from the back. Can't wait to get into this game again
Comments faker than last time
finaly
It's been a while since I played, but I can't wait to hop back in!
Неплохо! 👍
Is this real gameplay as it will be when we play it cause those crowds look like what they should have been at launch? Or is it E3 2018 again?
Glad to see NPV density has improved also live that you can change the characters appearance. Good job CDPR
Not this is just Bullshit on CDPR'S part they should learn a thing or two from guerilla games on how to make a game work on a old gen system look great as with cureent gen. I'll pass on this
Still no Police Chase ?
Can someone tell me if the trophies jump on ps5 loading the ps4 game?
Hopefully the next patch focuses last gen performance.
no more....
there is a lot of progress and it is promising but i will wait a little longer
This game is absolute shite. Patch after patch after patch and still not remotely close to what was promised at launch.
Keanu sounds like a high school kid reading out loud to the class. This looks boring. I’ve seen gameplay before and a lot of it looks boring. Who has played it?  Is it actually fun to play?
Looks good
waiting For the game to download it didn't crash so many times on the PS4 playing on the PS5 right now can I wait hopefully it can be a new redemption I love the game the first time but a lot of bugs hoping it can be really fun
LOL at all the newspapers that shrink into nothingness.  Really guys?
Excited to jump back in. Thanks for caring about your creation
I like how they are taking their time with this game No need to rush it and release a unfinished buggy mess
Is it wrong that I play cyberpunk an 3 fps and I still love the game for what it is.
While i was expecting a hefty DLC i am very happy with the changes. Looking forward to respeccing my current build.
Refund my steam game
Next Gen ? PS5 is out for over a year now.Or is this ps6 gameplay ?
low pc version, enjoy the game consoles
Maybe fix the PS4 version I paid £60 for too??????
There should definitely be noise coming from the crowd in the dance club. Real clubs are so loud with just people talking alone.
will the patch be free if you already have the ps4 version
What has changed? I see everything the same, just smoother graphics and higher frame rate,  it's a win,  but that's it. Honestly I ended quite done with the game a year ago. Not bad. But I just see nothing new
Will this be on the ps4
anyone has an idea about what happened to the map? I mean - what happened to all these little "crime" scenes/ places. The map was full of them and every single one had a little story behind written on the pendrive which you could find somewhere around. Now all these little activities are gone.. I'm kinda disappointed about this.
Wow... I don't know what to say. This is amazing in comparison to what it was before....and yet it is complete garbage in comparison to what the game should be.  This game engine is more 2010 than 2021/2022.
What's the frame rate?
It's still broken on the PS4 it's still broken you can't fix it this is the battery game this is God damn s*** game it's broken on the PS4
Only 30FPS on Xbox Series S? that's pathetic cd projekt red! That console has so much power than that.
it's the same goddam game
Was a huge fan of CDPR and now they can EA dick! Too little too late. I was so supportive of their narrative of no more swindling and fighting the good fight bullshit they spewed and now I have even less faith in the industry than before. Waste of money but hey, at least they got their pay day and the rest is history. “Oooh look at me I did what I should’ve in the first place and now I want credit for it” fuck off
Man we really need some animation s like the truck just opened itself and many more
The single fact that now we have another apertment, and can customize V. Only those little things are BIG things for me, thanks CDPR. Hoping for more content in the future.
this is what you can do in more than one  year?
One year for this shit... Shame
No police persecution hahahah GARBAGE
Is this free?
It looks like how it should have looked on release, but it doesn’t look “next gen” it just runs at a consistent rate. With horizon out this week. Cyberpunk will continue to sit until more substantial content is added or updated. Nxiously optimistic
DLC with Morgan Black please. Few video game characters disturb me. But Adam Smasher was a sick bugger. And I did not enjoy getting chased by that pervert. Which is good. But Morgan Black sounds legendary and I want to see him ingame doing cool mercenary stuff
I’ve been eyeballing cyberpunk for a month or two now and I think with this update it’s time I pull the trigger and buy it. I’ll play this while I wait for news about the witcher 3 update lol
Why is this in the news? Because playstation version got a Patch?
I was waiting a long time for the next gen update but the timing could not be worse right before Horizon and Elden Ring 🤦🏻‍♂️
Lokks great, but I have hope for more patches
My record: 350 hours on PC :) P.s. Definitely, Cyberpunk 2077 in my TOP 10 games of ALL time
Please make AI better. I don't wanna be an invisible code in game
Hopefully theyre also working on a complete overhaul of the lifepaths
Just updated and all of my weapons, items, and money are missing from my old save. Any ideas?
The broken physics are still here, great
Omg it's not blurry anymore!
?
Yo CDPR, could you add more repetitive events like races, card games, deliveries etc.
Looks better on serious x but still a great update either way
They managed to get this game down to 57 gigs on ps5 . Its pretty impressive.
This update is a JOKE.  First of all this was advertised as the BIGGEST update for Cyberpunk 2077 but in the end it's absolutely nothing like that.  FPS drops here and there keep happening now, city just became a fucking cemetery because no one is alive over there. Half of the city is empty just for a better performance which still sucks. Police AI doesn't exist, citizen AI is now ok but still has some issues sometimes. You can shoot in the water and the bullets will actually have an effect on it which is nice. You can buy now different appartements which is also nice. They fixed a lot of bugs , just look at the patch notes. From one side, this seems good but from the other side it just tells you how fucked the game was. They added neons, knife throwing and some other bullshit which is cool but absolutely pointless when the games has bigger fucking problems don't you get it???? Police doesn't exist when the city is described as the one with the biggest crime rate in the world. The game besides story has no side things you can do. The driving is better but going 180mph still feels like going maybe 60mph. I am not gonna even mention last gen cause at this point playing the game on those consoles is just for people that feel pleasure in receiving constant pain.  Devs are just ignoring that this game was a huge dissapointment and lacks a lot of things they promised to deliver. It's been almost year and a half and the game is still pretty empty and glitched the fucked out. I don't know how are they gonna regain the client's trust with this kind of communication. A message from one of their fans that played all Witcher games + preordered CP2077 and now has 140h in it. Sad reality that the game even after a whole year and almost half is not even halfway from actually achieving what they promised. You know what, glad they added new poses for silverhand, thats what ive been waiting for all this time1!!!1
Looks like it’s going in the right direction. Love the new apartment, ability to change appearance, and what looks to be better driving controls. I’m also liking the larger crowd density and the new hacks. The club area though really came off feeling dead though so still some things to work on. Great choice showcasing this with female V. Absolutely hate the male voice acting
On my PS4 I installed the game twice and both times I couldnt get on the game because it says its corrupt.
Can you play 60fps with ray tracing?
may I get a heart from you pleaaase ? I'm a big fan of your game
Cyberpunk Redemption on Current-Gen
Found out today that enhanced version is finnaly out..time for som cyber after my dl..I guess i will play it tomorrow
lmao
say what you like but this game is still one of best looking game since 2020 until now
I will give it a second chance.
Now  Turn your tragedy into a redemption arc
Hey haters....TIME TO EAT YOUR WORDS BECH!!! :P lol
Can I still do endless T-Posing and noclipping from my vehicles while im driving them?
I’ve always loved this game
Wow wow 65 gb patch.
That's really great :D  New game + please ? :3  ❤
Kerry talks up that coffee like crazy then still leaves without even touching it. Nice update.
I would love to buy this game now.. but elden ring and horizon are coming out and I rather play those games… so I’mma let cyber punk improve a little with more patches to the next gen update and maybe I’ll buy it some day
Wtf have you been doing for the past year? Try fixing the pile of crap you released first
Looks nice
Yes😁😍👌
Can't believe this update is 43gb
So has anyone played the update? I saw trailer for it so i think its out rn. I know this is looking good, but before I buy I wanna make sure this shit is actually fixed. I skipped it last time because it just wasn't done. I'm not against getting it if its got all the tech issues ironed out to an acceptable level.
Looks very good. Might try this on my PS5 - think I’ll just pretend the game has only just come out.
I'm still impressed by the number of people on the streets.
So beautiful! Awesome game since long time. Now even better 😍 Have Series X 👆🏼
Not trying to be a prick, but it hasn't been even 5 minutes and I already saw 4 clones. Not going for a good start for the so-called "next gen update". PS: I saw the whole video and have to honestly ask... is this it?
The game was a flopping disaster. CD project red's heart is in the right place I'm sure... but corporate decisions are fucking awful.  Stop wasting money on this shit and move on to the next project. Give yourselves some actual good development deadlines this time.
would be good if i could walk into a store and buy a ps5… maybe one day. i’ll play it when i get one, i refuse to play it on the ps4.
New things I noticed here (I haven't played the game much so do excuse me if something here isn't actually new. Let me know of I missed something too): -You can now modify your appearance -You can either buy new apartments or the default one has been upgraded -You can now decline phone calls -Combat upgrades? (I haven't played much so I'll need you guys to confirm this.) -New stories/side missions?
Corporate wants you to find the difference between this game and the one released one year ago on PC. They are the same game.
...wait what??? I thought it was supposed to be at 3pm?
what an amazing surprise! Thanks cd projekt  :)
Stop wasting resources on this crap. Focus on redeeming yourself with the next Witcher game.
can't wait to see what modders will do for 1.5 mods now we have the ability to buy apt
Why not a third party person view characters? 😢
Should have just delayed the game bruh, nothing short of a total overhaul is gonna make me reinstall this shit lmao
I haven’t played any of the game because I’m ready for the ps5 version. I felt this game should’ve came out with the ps5 first release.
Looked very previous-gen, but then I realised I was watching in 480p. ;D Looks great.
Im so glad I'll finally be able to finish my 100% playthrough without driving myself insane waiting weeks in game and eventually irl to progress the next side quests I need in the final phase of the game.
2:52 There's nothing better than drinking a cup of boiling tea in one gulp :D
Ha
Does it still have the voice lag and audio behind the gameplay problem in old gen?
Awesome, had no issue with this game, but wanted to finish some other games before diving into this.  Looks like the wait paid off.  Thank you
Still a failure.
Not getting my hopes high for this update but the new gun and new apartment looks great!
So fucken dumb that they made it first person only
So beautiful played since ps4 but when i got ps5 i couldnt wait for this
did they fix the AI?
Now this looks like they put in work
They REALLY need to fix the stupid AI path-finding of the NPC walking the streets. Looks so dumb they walk right into each other all the time and just swoops around in a game on rails fashion. Seriously, GTA 5 is something like 8+ years old by now and it doesn't have that issue. It's one of the worst things in the game extremely immersion breaking.. I don't even recall if Witcher 3 had that in Novigrad city or not? I just don't get how a developer didn't have it even in GTA 4 for crying out loud and CDRP cannot fix it?
im gonna buy ps5 just to play it again for the fifth time
How to update PS4 disc version?
Woooooo cyberpunk 2077 finally for the PS5 it’ll be my first time playing i’m gonna enjoy it.🥂😏
I think it's funny how it looked like there was gonna be a car chase with Kerry and all that yet didnt seem like a single cop car was following them at all and just spawned one in off the side of the road like it normally would
Looks beautiful. Downloading it now for my PS5. Haven’t played it in over a year waiting for this next gen patch.
I have 100+ hours into Cyberpunk 2077 , I Played Countless games and I'm almost 19 now , Been using My Ps3 Account all the way Now to Me getting The Ps5 and Trying It On Ps5 Version Right Now , Thanks Alot CD Projekt Red
Plz add thermal katana back in.
The first good update, go grab the champagne
The game's trash no matter how good it runs
Haven’t touch cyberpunk in my ps5 since launch. Been waiting for THE path that will fix the game. I’ve been Eagerly waiting for this. Can’t wait to play cyberpunk 👍👍👍👍
So this is the update they’ve been talking about for so long it literally doesn’t look much different they should learn from horizon forbidden west its on ps4 and ps5 and it looks really good with no delays either 🤣
Faking it again?
Looking better ok, but did you optimice the resourcemanegment too? Im playing on PC and this game nearly never reach the 60fps on any graphicsettings... I hope this patch reworked more than just some effects and NPCmasses
Is this a reference to Alexelcapo? 7:30
1500+ hours. Time to get all achievements on the steam version I guess. Keep doing your work guys. CDPR 2022 redemption arc incoming 🙏👏
I can't find the free update on the library and I have the PS4 disk version installed on PS5. It shows the price and the trial version only. Anyone with the same problem?
I'm just annoyed that i have to buy the game twice since the xbox version was unplayable......
Cyberpunk in 2022 XD no thanks
why are the npc's steering so little when the car passes a corner?
I wanna see how does V sleep
I brought this game for black Friday back in November for my Ps5. Still haven't took it out the plastic, now's a great time to start this with the update and football season being over
Appreciate the new update, but I'm more curious on new content on ps5....and also ps4
Would a 1080p 60 with rt mode have been possible?
CDPR’s rep is forever tarnished, some things once done can not be undone 😔
Will this patch come to PC too? I'm always confused when theres talking about next-gen, I dont know PC counts as next-gen or not.
there is nothing in this footage showing improved AI and also not the footage needed for us to be sure that abomination of traffic system has been actually fixed
Even when the game is working it's still a 7/10, give or take. Doesn't come close to what CDPR advertised/promised.
2 more years it will be ready...looking forward to it
plz tell me that it's running 60 fps w ray tracing....i don't care about the resolution. that's all I've been waiting for. if ray tracing is only available in 30 fps mode im throwing my ps5 in the garage disposal
its sad to see that people still hope and think this game will be actually something , while they don't understand that this game has done it's purpose , it made twice or triple the amount of money that the company expected , job done money made lets go to the next game - that is  the sad truth and the sooner you all see it , the better the games will be because we have to stop buying and baiting on such "promising" projects . trust is earned not bought.
well i have it on my pc but i am gonna play on my ps5 i love CD Project and i pre orderd cyberpunk on gog wake the fuck up samurai its ps5 time
Very nice will give this a try very soon
pls story dlcs !
Looks shit xD
For peoples with an Xbox series S ist still a patch… no 60 fps. Only in the menu’s.   I don’t need 2k 3k 4k, in need 60 fps for better play experience….   What a punch in the face Ty
At least better than Warcraft 3 reforged.   Sit ntg for years, LMAO.
I guess there is no ray tracing? Reflections are very blurry, PS4 style. But overall it looks pretty nice 😊
Time to put 300+ MORE hours into Cyberpunk 2077, Come on boys!, We got a city to burn.
I still dont get it... Why have character creation? It gets you nowhere. Zero satisfaction. Only when driving the bike.  Fallout 3 gave me 3rd person last kills, something, but not that great. But it was 2008!! And the consumers pointed it out...  Far Cry 3 (not an rpg) you never see your character (FPV), unless its pictures, videotapes or visions... And now they are trying to give more character creation and use it. The quests and maps are boring (did not play the ones after that until the end), but they are listening and trying to do better. But still shit... 2022, hope we get better fast! CDPR I thought you could do better!  Cyberpunk, at this moment, looks like a early access game...
Finally, here we are! So excited to come back in Night City! Hope for new missions and expansions!
Is there new game plus?
Ta gra wygląda naprawdę dobrze, na pewno zagram w to na PS5! Dziękuję ci CDPR
Is it still just first person? Yep, I'm out.
I like the game, but i'm gonna wait another year before i complete it.. It's still not finished.
Holy shit, back from the dead...
Yeah but you can't cut your hair
How pathetic is it, that I’m excited, that we can change some of the physical features of V now? Maybe don’t answer that… lol
It doesn't change the fact that the game still isn't fun.  That's always been the biggest issue with this game.  It's not fun to play.  The story is a giant miss, the characters are a giant miss and the world is a complete laughing stock (cue dildos all over the place and fucking noodles stands everywhere).
I have the PS4 version bought on disc and when i go to the store, it shows that i have to buy the game. I did the latest update on the ps4 version but i dont know how to get the free next gen update to play on PS5
Oh fuck yeah I bet everyone is super exited to still not play
with all this technology ✌✌... the game is soulless. don't like it.
Looks good, but just remember what happened the last time they showed us "gameplay"
Sorry but its exactly the same mediocre game. Also people at comments forget so fast...
Why didnt they include new game plus.. this is really disappointing
I waited almost a year to replay this game just for this update , I hope it’s like a definitive version as I played on ps5 the first time and it wasn’t that bad but hopefully this is the best update
So the game will be ready in 3 years?
So is this what it should look like on ps5 or is it just the same with little better graphics?
Love it but why not to release VRS (variable rate shading) for Series X too? Console supports it, but I guess differences vs PS would be too noticeable 🥺🥺
Ну вот теперь её можно покупать за 1600 рублей 👍
did they fix the heart pump problem where getting mod arms made the pump stop working?
so do i get this right? we waited about a year for a "next-gen" update. and all we are getting from this update, if we want to continue to play with 60 fps as with the ps4 pro version, is dynamic 4k resolution with occasional frame drops? (in case you wonder this is noted on the official next gen sheet of cyberpunk).
Now this is what Cyberpunk 2077 was suppose to be, I am really excited to start a new game with this update. I wish there's a New Game+ mode where all your collected items and perks remains just reset the story.
how do I turn on Ray Tracing on ps5
Is it me or is there really fog and rain and shit?
Looks promising
Guys. How is the ps4 version holding up? Haven't touched my ps in a long time.
Worst month to launch it btw. Elden Ring, Horizon, Destiny
yes yes yes yesssss
Honestly this game has so many potential, and I wish they can add something more to it like car customization or excellent police AI and car chases. I just hope CDPR can redeem themselves just like Hello Games did with No Man's Sky. Hopefully they can keep adding more content that's promising because I can see this patch is a good step forward! Best of luck CDPR!
Thank you all the people working on this! Love the game
Gg
i wonder if cdpr watched the youtube video cyberpunk over promise under deliver, aside from the bugs, they completely lied about the game, not touching this
I hate the first person view. Hope they update it to 3rd person
Looks the same, feels the same, plays the same. Not worth the time. Parch weights 150 GB and the whole game now takes basically half of the console’s disc space and you barely fixed anything at all. Still, 2/10 game.
Thank you for Trial i am already downloading
I played the PS5 version a couple a minutes ago and damn, the game still looks like crap on the PS5. CD Project Red, wtf ? This is not Next-Gen !
Looks a lot better.  Gonna update and give it a go.  Only played an hour when it first came out
Can i now buy the game on ps4 or nah
Is this where we get lied to again?
oh fuck you can actually redo your appearance now?
Espero CD se remida con su juego
Cokolwiek się w tej grze zmieniło? Jakoś nie zauważyłem ;(
Maybe its just me, idk, but I dont really see the difference. Looks like new apartments, maybe new customization and increased npc capacity, otherwise without a side by side graphically I cant tell the difference.
Freaking finally. I put this game down to wait for the update. Looks soooo good. Definitely picking this up after i finish Dying Light 2 😂
*Laughs in PC*
Amazing... However some animations still feel kinda clunky and lighting and appearance of Johny Silverhand is kinda off...
Can you cross save your ps4 data to the ps5 version of the game?
Nothing you do can ever make up for the dissapointment and lack of care you gave to us fans. All the lies you continuously told and the betrayal.
Next Gen patch isn't supposed to make the game looks like a next gen game ? I mean it dosn't look that good, i know it's cross gen but look, HFW is cross gen and looks amazing on PS5 and PS4.
Maybe its time to add all the features you promised and fix the city, its a dead city, lets make it alive, come on now, the NPC AI is still just waltzing around mindlessly, the fact GTA 4 could do this in 2008, but you cannot in 2022, lets be honest, you screwed up, its time to redeem yourself CD Project, make us haters eat our own shit, lets see you do it! MAKE US LOOK STUPID BY MAKING THE GAME SO GOOD WE GONNA BEG YOU TO FORGIVE US!
I hope you add DualSense support to PC in the future.
Why everything in this game is so greenish? Especially at night. All in green filter. It looks ugly.
This is looking better, hopefully they keep improving it
Wie es ruckelt nicht mehr 🤣🤣
Did they fix the poor aim controls ? That was the reason I stopped playing it back then.
Are their separate modes for next gen? Or locked at 60fps with dynamic resolution?
Did I miss it or did they still not add transmog
A few more years and you'll actually have a full featured game you promised.
welcome to pc version cosole slaves :D
Like 80% of this video is talking, cut scenes and menus.
hopefully we can customize cars now
Thanks for all the work you guys have put in over the last 18 months, will deffo be checking this out as one of my first games when I get my ps5:)
Why does it sound like they're constantly walking through snow.
Of course the gameplay fades at the end to not show the horrible pop-in of distant vehicles and pedestrians when driving.
Im glad i got my refund. Maybe after more updates like no mans sky. But the games just not there yet for me.
I’m so done with AAA companies lying about their games. I don’t care if it’s “fixed” nothing can take back that awful launch.
Sorry but the game still looks bad, so much pop in and the traffic on the highway is so empty, embarrassing
I still haven't played since launch, totally turned me off of the game.
More impressed by the fact they actually got their hands on a PS5 to play this 😭
So fucking stupid its for Xbox and ps5 but not the ps4 guess I can't play the new patch..
Hmm idk, I've kinda lost interest and it doesn't look that good
Can't wait for the bugs
Car customization??
Mmh.. dont know whats next gen, looks the same to me
Graphics wise I have no problem with this game. But the dumb down story and gameplay is my problem.
I hope more people will notice that for some reason you forgot to show the driving experience other than that one short scene from inside the car and at night. Does this mean that at day the streets will still be almost empty and the driving still sucks?
Looks beautiful, too bad I’m playing on a shitty RX 6600 gpu 😂
*PLEASE JUST FIX MY CHARACTER BEING BALD IN THE SHADOW OF HERSELF.*
This game is on life support at this point
Awesome job guys! Gonna buy it now
I finished the game, got the platinum. Starting all over now. Very excited!
Gta 6
Still a hard pass. Already beaten it and still too many problems to care. A “next-gen” patch won’t correct that.
This game is on life support. I doubt very much most of the base is coming back, update the graphics and make online play for all I care, won’t change the buggy story and missing content. Game is trash
Man I have such a love for the aesthetics of this game. I mean as much as it was annoying to have to restart the game every 15 minutes when it came out on PS4, I can't fault it on its style.
May we please Dual wield katanas and pistols in a later update 🥺🙏🏽
Looks like this game is almost ready to ship...A year after launch...
I always thought it was odd we couldn’t purchase a different apartment, or the apartments being different due to life path. The fighting looks mad responsive, especially character animations. Keep up the good work
Already installed patch on my xbox series s, but no info on PS Store. Just downloaded ps4 version, nice.
It really looks incredible! I played about half the game on my One X and put it down in anticipation of this release. Thanks for all the hard work!
Nice!  Do you guys have taken notes from Hello Games on how to resolve a subpar game lauch...?
Looks promising, but I'm going to wait for Digital Foundry's analysis before I make any decisions.
Excited for this got the next gen update downloading now as we speak! I wonder if there's any plans to add mini games like pool and darts!
Got the game day one for ps4 and for me it was such a mess I couldn't play it without bugs all over, crashes and the game freezing up on me. I was really disapointed and stopped playing after about a week, didn't touch it since but I know what they did with the Witcher 3 so I kept it, hoping that by the time the ps5 update would come out the game would be what I wanted from the start. I really hope the game runs and looks good now because I really want this game to do well 😀
Well now I’m excited to start a new journey
is it playable or still buggy ?
Resolution 🔥
Is the story still like a high school emo kid drama?
Add more hair options please!
looks improved, however the texture pop-in is still quite there when driving...i mean, come on
i hope next update they add third person . at least gave players a option how they want to enjoy the game. first or third person . i think this game realy need that.
This 1st boss literally does nothing, lmao.
Awesome guys !!!
Guess I'm going back into the game for a while
Wow this looks like my 2080 ti quality
Will definitely be playing this, but probably after Horizon Forbidden West.
Awesome, the only things I felt were missing are a transmog system and new game plus. Hopefully this will come out soon, too. Excited to play this again.
Pedestrians just walk in to eachother. Better AI in GTA 3
Hope u guys learnt ur lesson u just need to wait 1 year btwn it was a great game  Don't me same mistake with any upcoming releases
im still playing at 15fps on ps4 😆
I have a save game in this moment, with the next-gen update can i still play it or it has to be a new game save?
Looking forward to throwing another couple hundred of hours of my life at this game.
What is that walking buton ?
Looks like quite a lot of improvements were made! excited to play on the ps5 this time.
I hope its a “breathtaking” experience this time around
woman in caliente sounded like judy
Are we still missing the 3rd person view?
Hmmm it’s an improvement but this games issues go so much deeper than visual and performance improvements.
Do the cops still appear like magic?
There's an old saying in Tennessee — I know it's in Texas, probably in Tennessee —
This is a nice update, not enough to bring me back, but after/if we get a few more sizeable updates then I'll definitely be willing to give it a shot. Good job team, keep at it!
that cyberwarfare gameplay at the end was fucking insane!
Unloaded texture @ 8:03. Really think they would've checked for this stuff in an official trailer.
So what version I take ? PS5 or Xbox SX ?
who knows this could be another fake demo
Well that's definitely an improvement, not enough to get me back but I see progress. Still waiting for Police, Trauma Team, Delamain and maybe paid dlc? When GOTY drops it will be a very nice game to play.
Mine is downloading now! Can't f*ckin' wait to play it! 🔥🔥🔥😈😈😈💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾
This UPDATE is much bigger than I expected, nice work CDPR
This is supposed to be an improvement?
Wonder if they fixed the ai
Everyone is praising them but honestly looks like the bare minimum was added here, still looks great just not very immersive at all, like a lot of us weren’t asking for a lot, like we still can’t even go somewhere and sit down to eat or drink something I know damn well they still didn’t add in the simplest animations, idk man I was hoping for more with this but it just looks like how the game should’ve looked like at launch, I mean it looks they may have added a new apartment to buy with some animations in there like the coffee machine but how much time do you really spend in your apartment? Like there basically no reason to go in it at all I can’t name one incentive to go into my apartment in this game, cmon CD do better because after all this time we deserve more
I knew there was somethin cookin at CD Projekt ..
Just focus on the witcher 3 😆
WAIT HOLD THE FUCK YOU CAN DO THAT NOW!?
I can feel the Dev's and the Artist's blood, sweat and tears
I hope texture popping and texture loading has been fixed, especially when driving and also the feel of driving needed sorting out.
Lol what is the point in making ur character if ur in third person
im one of those retards that pre-order the game over 1 year ago and the game is still sitting inside the plastic package looks like i will be able to open it soon 😂
Trash
Can we get V to have open world reflection...
I literally waited for this port. I’m still going to wait just a bit longer for the reviews to come in.
Still empty streets
I really like this game, but the lack of the police chasing you with cars is something that bothers me considerably. Still, I appreciate the work the team has put into the game.
How dare you
You cannot sell the same shit with new color.
Wondering if this has adaptive triggers or haptics?
Imagine destroying your reputation for a quick buck
Not bad CD, not bad at all.
this might actually get me back in the game, even though i have an xbox series s im imagining it will still run great on it
I hope the issues with skill trees and enemy scaling is addressed.
I'll be trying out the 5 hour trial before I make a decision.  If Im satisfied I'll buy.
Doesn't look much different graphics wise but let's hope the framerate is stable and with very limited bugs
is the meme finally over??
The game is shit !
Still looks weird af. Graphics and all looks like it was developed by few people indie studio.
Can I import my save data across? As much as I'd like to put my 300 hours in again I am now a father with too little time to grind back to where I was.
Im still not playing this crap.
This has been the best news all day.
Let the dead game rest in the grave bro lol dead game
Too little too late
All I played on PS4 was the Jackie mission then stopped. It was pretty epic but I knew the game could be a lot better. I’ll revisit this soon on PS5, give you guys a second chance.
Xbox ss 30 fps yeaaa ))
Frame rate looks rough
too late, drop this shitgame alrdy.
4:31 NPC's look like they're a marching band 😂😂 them are FIFA style similar animations  Wait another 10-15 years any MAYBE just MAYBE the game will be kind of fun, but MEH, piece of Shi* this game is
*Ayo CDPR, Why the funky would you shit massively on an already dog shit game*  And I mean from release, That's when I first did my playthrough, And honestly it was pretty amazing.  Now, A year after letting this game marinate, I've realized I've burnt the GOT DAMN DISH.   Removing stuff is wack. Fix the game but don't remove cool shit. Makes the game worse.
Are these changes coming to ps4 aswell?
This gameplay vid has such a " The tail between our legs as we show off the features that were meant to be here at launch" vibe about it, to the point that there isn't even a narrator proudly stating the next-gen additions like most demonstations today. Despite everything, It's just nice to see the game in a much better state than it was back in December 2020.
its still covid city or there's actually people in it now?
Fooled me once ,not doing this again.
Is a Physical release happening for PS5?
remember don't reload your old save every time they release a huge patch
bruh why not bring a 3rd person mode
Looks Great. Thank you for your hard work and keep delivering, so i can hopefully soon buy some great story DLC :-)
I can't wait to play this game on my series x after all the bullshit is fixed
Guys wait for Horizon Forbidden West
I loved this game so much I wrote a story based off of it.
Keep it up! Good word CD Project, we love you ^^
The no man’s sky effect
I hope this time it'll be good
Thanks for nothing
Hope it’s fixed up.
Can i now eat at the china man like in Bladerunner or is the interaction still sh**?
Bought this game last month for $15 for series x. It just became worth it💯
So glad I held off playing it on release, for this exact reason. 😍🙏
Habeís arreglado los bugs para ps4 o no malaspersonas?
Any footage of the raytracing mode available aswell?
I love you guys.
Not sure if the timing is right for this. Horizon Forbidden West comes out on Friday and Elden Ring the following week. Will players really be wanting to go back to this game???
When I see more story dlc I'll play. Till then I'm glad yall got the game playable on ps5 but you should've never released it 15 MONTHS ago to begin with
Will there be a physical release for the next-gen versions?
I'm sure the investors are biting their nails hoping the 25 dollar sale will cover half their losses. Good luck.👍 Waiting for more reviews to come out to see if its actually playable and fun....
Damn this only has 22k views after 2 hours. Yall lost a lot of fans. Hopefully you'll redeem yourselves.  Okay 500k in 20hrs now. Good.
🤣🤣🤣🤣
Red Dead Redemption ll got better graphics ps4
Give us back our T-posing Johnny from "Don't fear the Reaper" ending!
incomplete
So, is this update live now?
There is noticeable stuttering and other performance issues (a good example can be seen when Kerry and V are leaving during Rebel Rebel, Kerry's whole model glitches out a few seconds before he enters the vehicle) in this very video.   If that is still present when this update goes live, it will be viewed as the final nail in the coffin for this game by the console community.   You have had over a year to get this right, there is no room left for error. Take note and do not push this update out until it is stable and polished.
Is this a side quest or is this really what the main quests are like?
You missed one of the most important things, new game +, i grinded too much shit to just abandon it and start it all over again
They should add new game + so we can replay the story again instead of starting all over
Lets goooooooooo
Fix police or GTFO
Hey can anyone tell me if theres a new things with Vs love interest?
I was hoping a third person mode
Major W
This is a good step forward for CP2077. Hopefully they keep adding more content and anything that was lacking from initial release.
when does it launch? 🥰
Honestly, I respect the fact that you guys continued to work on the game.  I work in I.T, so I (kind of) understand the deadlines you guys must have been going through. Regardless, the game looks amazing  Here’s to the 1st in many updates to come. Thank you guys, and keep it up
I dont believe a thing they showing here. Bunch of liars and crooks.
still needs 5 more years to be a complete game .... i mean even driver on ps1 has ai for cops chase
Free PS5 update applies to physical games too ?
Are new apartments an option now then?
Y’all dropped this on a low hmmmm what could that mena
I hope this one a good one never bought cyberpunk 2077 I think it's time to buy it
So excited for this, I played the initial release on ps5, and, warts and all.. it was my personal favorite game of the year. I have never felt the way I did wandering around the streets of night city in any other game, just taking in the ambiance and the sounds, it was as close to magic as you can get in this medium. Im beyond excited to boot the game up and get to business!
Still looks kinda meh compared to what was shown before the game initially came out but I think I can finally play the game that is sitting and collecting dust in my shelf for over a year now for the first time without being completely disappointed!
Una basura en fisícas, IA e inmersión, mal RPG con un gameplay mediocre. The Witcher 3 es un videojuego mucho mejor, el brujo se avergüenza de Cyberpunk.
Downloading the update right now on my PS4 Pro, kinda excited
Ah yes, what an intense chase. Police are still broken.
OK things are looking good, i think after finishing forbidden west I'll give cyberpunk another go
Even in the state it was in, I've thoroughly enjoyed Cyberpunk already thanks to the mods that have fixed and added to it. But hell yes I'm going to play it again after this re-release. No doubt it'll break a lot of mods that added content, but I'm sure the community will find new ways to make their content behave with the new stuff from CDPR. Looking forward to seeing all the fixes and new things to do! The new apartment looks sweet, and I'm sure people will appreciate being able to customize characters midgame and reject calls. Those gun DPS values and new cyber hacks look insane!
This has E3 vibes all over, I belive it once the patch is out and i can play it myself, if you dont own wait for the review of the patch
Is this only for series x? Or for the series s as well
My dream game :)
yeah wait until this will run like ps4/xbox one fat version on a ps5/xbox series x
Hot damn glad I kept the faith they'd keep polishing this gem at this rate people will be satisfied CDPR redeems themselves after all the crap that pushed the release despite devs telling whoever it still wasn't ready. And we'll have something that will never fade away
This looks really good. Do you guys think it will receive more updates like this?
There were definitely some rough edges in this demo (i.e. weird crowd pathing), but at least I know it's real gameplay
Been waiting for this to get my firt try on the game.
This Game is only good for Story not for GTA style open world
Good example how to fall from top tier developer to a complete trash company 😂
Stop slow walking. You only slow walk in new releases that are actually good.
Doesn’t matter what u do the game is shit
Shoulda just released today with this version from the start
Did they increase the FOV?
My biggest problem with this game was genuinely the lack of traffic and cars driving about, doesn’t look like that’s been fixed at all
Alright I think its time to try it out on the ps5. Thank you for not abandoning the game
Be care ful the cd is gonna be a flint and steel and ur ps5 is gonna be a tnt
I think you should have done a e3 like walkthrough talking about the changes because I don't see what's the reason I should buy the game now
I've still been enjoying the game over a year later, the start was rocky, but the whole point is not giving up
Im just asking, anybody feeling like “to little to late”?
I never gave up on this game and now I'm glad I never did. Wake the fuck up Choom, we got a city to Burn. 💯
Finally. Thanks guys!!!
Do i hear more crowd noises?!?
Still the same lifeless street NPC's
Iste bu ya
Uhhhh.... meh?
I hope there's a camera fix for reversing in first person. Also, i hope the traffic lights don't all turn green as I drive up to them. That shit is annoying
If I have the ps4 disk and I use my ps5 will I have the free update or do I need to pay for the ps5 upgrade?
FIX THE PS4 VERSION!!! I paid to much money for you not to fix it.
waited since launch. Im ecxited
I hate the First Person! I don’t understand why in this age, many companies are working with this strategy! Between The Witcher and C 2077, I totally prefer the first one!
Is it me or this there no real dramatic difference ?
I have no clue what CDPR ever promised for Cyberpunk before release since I didn't care to look, I just know that I bought it in a whim about a month after release and loved my experience, so all these updates is just icing on the cake for me. Can't wait to go do another playthrough!
Oh yeah i forgot that this game exist.  Hopefully it will be better than what we have a year ago.
Looks like me and Johnny gonna have to burn this city again!🔥
finally starting to see some good progress, cyberpunk 2077 is going on the right path to redemption
still no third person mode. no thanks
It looks sick and promising, i'm excited to be able to play it on the ps5!
7:40 WTF?
You done a really good joob,but can we see the past gen gameplay on default consoles?
CD Red I loved you for making Witcher 3 then I hated for CyberPunk. A new Witcher game for PS5 will make me love you again
I don't see what's changed? I just replayed the game again, and these quests seem the same. I noticed some new UI icons, and a sword unsheathing animation I hadn't before, but everything else looks identical. Rebel Rebel was 100% the same. The Psycho Tyger was the same, the Dino job for me always sucks because LoS is busted. But I'm not seeing what this ipdate has improved.  Or is this improvement for console? I play on pc. Is 1.5 just visual/performance improvement for consoles?  Any improvements are welcome.. But it's getting hard to retain optimism. Particularly when things are removed, after iI already bought it.  Edit: I found the patch notes, and I must say, I am happy with some of the changes. Please keep them coming!
*Inhale* FINALLYYYY! Great btw.  "Actually waiting for dlc"  How to increase pressure on cdpr. 😅
Gracias ahora sí se viene lo bueno 😎
что за песня на 3:07?
Been my favourite game since release, I guess it's becoming favourite-er?
still no cutscenes?
They need to make the world more lifelike and upgrade the police system similar to GTA San Andreas
I'm excited for DigitalFoundry
meh   im more excited about witcher 3 next gen update
It’s too late to pull your reputation out of the dumpster and clean it off. It will still stink.
Ходит пешком все видео чтоб фпс не просидали???
Will the police system work?
Fuck ! The size of the update is 58GB for PlayStation users
ooh yeah;)
I’m kinda confused. So is the next gen update officially out or we have to wait a bit longer for official release since it’s just a trial?
I would immediately buy if there were flying cars, but alas… I dream
this gives me more hope now
Still needs lots of improvements and more stuff Added. But it’s a fantastic start and looks like we can finally play this game now. I am excited and it’s downloading.
They're mpc's walking around are still dumb and I'm disappointed that not only are you still not able to go into locked out zones AKA buildings you still do not have the ability to grab a bottle of liquor and drink it without having to add it to the inventory
They should have waited another year for release, too much damage is done to their reputation
only took em 1 year to add the "change appearance" option
How about PS4 Pro version?
Don't even try to fool us again.
As someone who has begun to delve into the world of coding, I understand how hard it can get at times. But, to look at this game now and see what it could have been deeply upsets me. I mean, ever in this video you get chased by the cops and just drive in a straight line, and they lose you. It's not a pursuit, it's an illusion of one. I played this game on PC day one, that's after having pre-ordered it as soon as they became available. I thought to myself "This is the company that gave me The Witcher 3. There's no way I could get burned." Little did I know the inferno that awaited me. The amount of bugs, glitches, cut content, and the clear shift in the story being changed late into development. It seemed that there was nothing that could have saved this game when it launched. I'm glad you are sticking around to fix it. I truly am. Sadly, I will not be there to see the finished product. I had but hundreds of hours into this game, thinking that if I played a different way, then the game might change. But that was not the case. Most of the missing content is almost unforgivable. The world of Night City feels dead and empty at it's core. The npcs move with no purpose or reason. They barely react to a gun going off five feet from them. And when they do react, you just turn around and those npcs are acting like it didn't happen. The bars have no purpose to be a thing, then to be just another vendor. But why would I go there? To buy alcohol? To buy stims? I can make stims with the alcohol I find on the streets. The apartments are one of the worst enterable buildings in the game. There is no reason to go to any of the 4 or 5 (forget how many there are, it's been over a year since I've played it) apartments outside of the 2 times the game forces you to go there to advance the story. But one of the biggest problems I have with the game is simply the story its self. This is clearly a story about Johnny, not V. V, is just a ride along. So I tested just to see what the game would do, if I didn't advance in the story. I was expecting the game to kill me, since the game states that the chip in V's head is doing exactly that. So I left my game on for a few hours while I slept, then when to work, came back, did a few missions, went out and did a few things IRL, came back went to sleep again,  and repeated the cycle for 2 real world days. Yet still, V did not die. The story pushes the idea that time is urgent and is running shorter and shorter with each passing day V has the chip in their head. But the truth is, the story can't be told if that was the case. If V were to die because the player wanted to explore the world, do side missions, or simply fuck around for a bit. Then the player would be annoyed that they wasted all their time into the game only to die because they didn't play through the story "correctly". So that just leaves me baffled as to why the story was written this way in the first place. You can't tell me "Every second is important, you will die if you don't get the chip removed." While also saying "Oh yes. Please feel free to explore the world at your leisure. We don't mind putting the story on hold while you do." It creates a severe disconnect. Sorry if this post is a bit long, but I feel I need to get this of my chest. I had been waiting for this game for years and I got burnt for my excitement. I hope that the players who are still willing to play this get a great experience at the end. For me, that time has come, and it has gone. In all sincerity I hope this turns out well and any future games, but I will not buy anything until I  hear from sources I trust that the product is worth my money and my time. I do not mean this as form of discouragement, I simply mean this as away to express my thoughts and feelings on this game.
Anyone knows if there'll be a story campaign dlc?
Thank you guys ,i didn't lose my hope in y'all
Can't wait for the next pc update !
Finally. Faith in my polish boys restored.
Does this mean my PC can finally run it when the patch drops? I have more than the recommended hardware requirements and only get 40fps with dips on medium to low.  EDIT: This is the only new AAA title I have issues running 💀
Actually can't wait to start this up after reading the update, looks really promising. Keep up the good work!
Please tell me we can change the awful FOV on PS5 and Series X now?
Looking better, just wished that we could’ve had this from the off
Kind of got my hopes up at the start of the police chase, but unfortunately it still isn't there. Looks promising though
1 year later
what is with base ps4 is it fixed? i never finished game, maby done only 4 missions
CDPR after what happened to you, you are starting to regain people's trust, and with this update you are proving it! We still believe in you! Good luck to you, CDPR!
Can't wait to play thw new content for an hour and then be extremely bored again
So when will this be on ps store??
43.3 GB of update, seem promising.
Oh and the AI in this game looks so 'promising' lmao wish your company goes bankrupt soon
Hope this is successful so they make DLC’s and continue to update the game with more content, I’ve been playing the game since day one and I love it definitely one of my favourite games I’ve played in the last 5 year and I’d love for it to continue to get updated and new player enjoying this masterpiece :)
Mm.......
Can we play 60fps in series s with this update ?
Yea, still looking nothing like I imagined it when it was 1st being advertised. Didn't buy it on release and I ain't wasting my money on it now it has a Ps5 upgrade! Too many actual good games on the way to waste my precious time on this turd.
So has the base unit PS4 version been patched and made playable yet? I'd love to be able to play that version which was gifted to me and purchased at full retail price for a physical copy. I'm still really jaded at the fact that my copy is still not playable after several patches thus far.
Great job with the continuous efforts in fixing and improving Cyberpunk.  I’m looking forward to jumping back into Night City. This game has an amazing architectural design and great soundtrack.
Can't tell the difference
Is there a story reason why there's barely any traffic?
Wait…. no Ray Tracing for Global Ilumination nor Reflections??…. too bad.
MS needs to purchase CD projeckt red ASAP with resources and care CP 2077 could be bigger than minecraft.
Come on! I dont want to be sad again by playing thw story mode;(
im so happy just downloaded it and played some and no bugs at all its so amazing
Is the ps5 upgrade free?
They have blatently lied to our face before
I belive in cd pr  😊
So here's the thing, I said some FACTS about CDPR being some corporate liars and bastards for cheating on gamers. The first game ever I pre-ordered and I felt like I was a fool for doing so. So many bugs, gave this game every chance after every update, and when I said it on CYBERPUNK STEAM COMMUNITY DISCUSSION, I got banned by a sad sack of sheesh 'Sadukharn' who is a moderator there. Wow, now censorship takes a new level on this corporate bullshit? After over a year and the best you can do is still NOT DELIVER THE GAME YOU PROMISED IN TRAILERS. YOU DOGSHEESH LIARS. NEVER EVER I will spend my money to buy any product from you. Hear that? I'm not that wealthy to spend my hard-earned money on lies. YOU DOGS CDPR! FU x2077 times.
This gameplay is captured in the Performance or Quality Mode? Should be performance or?
I'm going to play it... AGAIN! Keep the awesome work up CDPR! Greetings from Germany.
yeah sorry but boycott is necessary to not let execs force such ridiculous deadlines on developers and intentionally abuse a fanbase. people who now say "yeah now it's good so we can forgive them" is just as blind and naive as the average mass.
This game needs a Survival Difficulty a la Fallout 4 Survival difficulty. Why have food, drink, and beds in an open-world game if you're not gonna utilize them?  Maybe weather status buffs/debuffs? Weapon degradation. Something that makes the in-between moments interesting.
Can't believe people are falling for it...
Make a 3rd person view! Why does a character need all the outfits if we don’t see them? And just give us a choice
Enjoy this second chance, it's not deserved.
Imagine if this game finally came out this year would have been the best game to come out
last gen doesn't exist
Finally , an appearance changer! Also looks like we got a new crib!
"Next gen" versions of the game are all well and good, but what I want more are fixes for the sometimes critical bugs still within the game!  I started playing the game on a base PS4 about two months ago and the game ran perfectly fine and I was really enjoying it, I got the occasional visual bug, such as rare pieces of loot which couldn't be picked up, but it didn't stop me playing and enjoying the game.  However I got several related to the in game phone, first those that stopped the phone from being accessible which "only" stopped various phone related quests from advancing, but they didn't stop me making general progress in the game and after a few days they seemingly fixed themselves...  However I had a serious one a few weeks ago that has literally stopped me from being able to play the game, it's a "stuck in call" glitch where a character or two characters in my case try to call me however the phone became inaccessible again and I can't answer or hang up the call or calls.  The critical part is that the game acts like you're in a call even though you're not and there's no way to clear it so the game won't let you save or interact with anything, stopping you sleeping, fast travelling or interacting with many mission critical items.  Fundamental if this patch doesn't fix that glitch and stop any similar ones from happening, the game is broken and unplayable.  So really, that's what I want patch 1.5 to fix!  (There are other less serious, though still very annoying bugs I wouldn't mind seeing fixed too, such as the one  where you can't see an item's stats when it's in your stash and only when it's in your inventory, but as said, the phone bugs are critical!)  😐🩲
Scam part 2
PS4 version was the last thing I played on my first ps5 before I got GSOD, loved the game, I was right before the final missions. Excited to be able to play again as I’ve been a bit worried tbh. Save transfers?
Give us that little bit more immersion in the city, going to bars, sitting down, interacting with the world etc and I'll buy.
I'm thinking this version will be a bit more difficult to platinum than the PS4 version, why'd you have to patch all the money exploits CDPR?! 😋
I ain't falling for it again
Where is a difference ? I dont see anything new besides own apartment  What a police chase … police is still trash Npcs are still stupid as it was …  Whats next gen about it ?
I've been waiting for this since launch day. Finally I Will be able to play it the way it was supposed to
What’s the point in character customisation if it’s first person?
Wow that will be amazing cant wait to try on ps5 (:
Anyone knows if the many cars u see grom great distance still despawns when u get close? One of the worst things in my opinion
seems like the shell ejection on guns is still missing in this version.. please cd project.. patch it back into the game
Would have been the perfect time to include NG+ 🤦
Fps with Rt many?
Still don't plan on playing until this actually feels and plays like the rpg they showed off at E3.
Lol so washed. How about make a good game from the beginning.
Ok, I got two characters on last Gen, but now it might be time to finally make V#3  The Third V a Charm! 😈
I really hope that the developers will succeed, and in the near future we will see DLС's similar to Blood and Wine, with a new location and plot, it would be amazing
When will you start selling actual PS5 and Series X versions physically?
Wait, a working mirror???
I was so happy when they said it’s OUT NOW!  So awesome, thank you!
this looks good keep up the great work :D.
Looks really good guys! I'll be happy that I can alter my V character after this patch <3
I don’t understand why not put Cyberpunk in third person? The game will play more better
I wasn't quite happy with how the game was when it was first released, but I will give it another shot. We all deserve a second chance in life. Hopefully it'll continue to improve just like how No Man's Sky was redeemed.
Is this live now?
love the hard work y’all put in
No Ray Tracing?
I will believe it when I see it play like that on my PS5 but great work from the looks of it.
Finally some good fucking game
I don't like that Johnny Silverhand character, i wished he disapeared from the game after you finished it. He's just not a likeable character, that's my opinion.
Best on xbox series X
5:55 "Don't kill him if you don't have to" ... pulls out a grenade as soon as she sees him
So much character customisation but v(we) can't see it
glad to see cops still dont do jack shit to chase you. or respond to mass shootouts caused by you
What about PC?
Im so hyped! Downloading now on my xbox series x!
Witcher 4 for the win...
Expected more
Does the water have physic now?
I have one simple question. When?
i loved this game so much before release ... but i didn't play it because of the problems ... and now i have ps5 and finally i can experience it on my console ... gonna buy it for sure ... thank you :)
Wow, it's as if the game should've been delayed after all.
Woot super hyped to play this later after being SO sad at initial release
I recently started a new game on PC best setup, everything. Still so many bugs x this trailer is a joke and lie  Stop giving us perfect gameplay footage when it’s never like this
I'm super glad you guys decided to double down and work to fix this game. I really enjoy this game.
mods look better
Too late.
Ok, this looks incredible. Cannot wait to jump back in :)
where FRAMERATE count ?❓❓??
This looks a whole lot better than the next gen version they showed off in the livestream.
To anybody who hasn't started the download its now 56 gigs instead of 109 thank god
I’m willing to bet money this will launch buggier than the 2021 launch
What about last gen consoles do all the new updates go for that to ?
Still looks like trash… after seeing horizon forbidden west.. i doubt anything else would look good.
The amount of triggered haters in the comments who go crazy now because they can't hate as much anymore is hilarious. If you don't like the game just move on.
Its not really ready yet dont rush it
I'm glad you guys still work and emprove this game. The first 2 times it was just awesome and I cant wait to play it again on PS5!
I got about halfway through on PS4 Pro last March, then stopped playing when I got a PS5. I've been waiting patiently for this. Time for a new start once it downloads!
Played the PS4 version for about 10-15 hours on my PS5 and it still crashed multiple times during intense graphical scenes. Wonder how this one will pan out. Good that we will get a free upgrade
Can i play this update in ps4?
U guys nailed it
I wonder if they can recover with this new gen launch
Actual crowds?
Any plans for Dual Sense coming to PC? Many other PC games support it, so I hope to see it come to Cyberpunk some day to.
i know a lot of people are mad about how it came out during launch, but i'm still glad that the devs are trying to make amends in any way possible, keep it up!
Nice hope you will get reputation back 😊😊😊
Love you guys love you're game. Proud to be polish :D
Если у меня пс5 но диск для пс4 я получу некст ген патч ?
Hmm let me get it straight. - Minimap still not adjusted - Outfits still look hideous - AI still utterly stupid - Residents spawn out of nowhere  Just big words like Ray Tracing, "Dynamic Scaling" and faster loading...
Lol
I'm happy about new patch, love this game, despite the hate
Will the police AI be improved in next patches?
No footage of the downtown city area i notice. The area where there are the most problems both in performance and population and bugs. Fuck off CDPR.
Look at those NPC animations @ 4:27 🤦🏻‍♂
Is this a upgrade from ps4 to PS5 version?
Не терпится снова вернуться в игру!!!
Nice improvements! I honestly never stopped playing cyberpunk 2077 and I’m planning to start fresh on the ps5 version. Keep it up guys, I believe in you all.
Looks great. Hope future updates include a transmog option.
guys remember don't get your hopes up until it comes out these were the same guys who said " the last gen versions work surprisingly well "
Cyberscam!
So if you are a pc player no changes ?
FINALLY ❤❤ thx cdpr!!!!
World still looks dead😐
Над этими улучшениями вы потом целый год? Ахахах 😂😂😂
16:38 cop chases finally?
I’m finally going to play this game. I bought it at release and I’ve been waiting for the next Gen patch.
So, just now Cyberpunk 2077 is on sale on PSN for only $25 and I was JUST ABOUT to get it for my PS5 (it's on the cart) and then the notification about this video poped inn... somehow this vid has made me NOT purchase the game. I still see a lot of the crap as before and it still looks very rough in the corners.
14:57 the car didn’t even move when it blew up
omegalul
Still is a shell of so many promised but missing features and gameplay mechanics. :/
I don’t have extreme pickiness I’m sure it’s a great update for the game. The dense city is the best.
In a perfect world CDPR collabed with Obsidian and made the best rpg oat
19:30 waitress is judy agagag
This is an improvement but it's actually nothing that big like some people here are making lol
Please tell does it comes out on ps5 disc or we just have to insert ps4 disc again and update???
😂
7k likes but only 5k views? very suspect.
No difference, still broken, its over
That keyboard must be really heavy.
28:14
Now we can actually enjoy cyberpunk
Lmao they had to do a full on reveal again.
Been waiting for this for my second play through
In the words of the great Carl Johnson (CJ), "Aw shit, here we go again."
i still don't understand why character appearance customization was added for 1st person game
8:49 nice wheel turn lmao
Does this apartment and brewing coffee is also on ps4?
The sword fights are pretty dumb. After playing ghostrunner the moves of katana are pathetic 😂
The view number says how disappointed people are with this game.
I might have to download again
Imagine if this was also a lie. The balls they’d have to have to pull that shit on us again 😂
give us expansion or some minor story DLC, this shallow bs won't impress anyone, maybe only the ones still coping.
I wanna play this on the PSVR2.. will there be a VR version? 👀
5.200 views 6800 likes ?????
I don't underestand the launch date? Are both the patch and the next gen update dropping at the same time? Is that time today?
Y que tiene de next gen esta nex gen versión? si se ve igualita
really, this is it?!
I haven't forgotten the lies and deception, CD Project Red.
Finally! after all your hard work and our patience, you manage to make it look like GTA V, and you have the audacity to put "Next-Gen" on the title, this game is finished, focus on the next project and make sure you don't screw it up like u did Cyberpunk.
We’ve all waited so long for this upgrade. Can’t wait to jump back in, hoping to be able to replatinum. 95g! I’ve got a city to reburn
Sweet, I’ve been waiting for an excuse to jump back in.
Npc interaction is 💩
Only issue I grinded secret ending wat else could I do with this new updated I shoulda waited for this
Can someone answer if this will be 60fps on the PS5? Is there a preformance mode? I wanna play it but I get headaches and nausea playing under 60fps and my PC isnt powerful enough to run it at 60.
It looks the same but more people in zones now
This looks good. If it's released without stringent QC and there are still major issues, you guys are fucked.
The patch looks really promising, just hope CD project can redeemed themselves like with No man's Sky.
I don't see any difference ... city still looks empty ..
Still waiting for the multiplayer or coop it's a big city to play only alone.
This is how you regain fans and make them love you again.  I’m still gonna wait for an expansion before I replay, when that day comes I’m gonna be a CDPR fanboy again.  I haven’t touched the game since first week it was out and I beat it. I absolutely loved the games story and side stories but it felt extremely short and rushed. I wish one day this game will have mods for console through an official tool.  My video card died and I can’t afford a video card today so I’m forced to play on Xbox series x or ps5.
I saw  new assault rifle, its awesome!
Thank you CDPR for trying to improve the game, I really appreciate it. Great improvements so far and I will definitely play this patch. I or we hope to see your next game of cyberpunk maybe a sequel or a prequel with a general improvements.
Well at least they are working on fixing their mistakes, hopefully they redeem themself and make the game it was meant to be in time such as Hello Games did with No Man's Sky
Kkk disaster
Cops still suck in this game. But I’ll give the free trial a go
soo this update,  is there any effect on pc version at all? (better there too?)
No thanks CD Projekt Red 🤣🤣.  This game failed really hard.
How does this video have 6.6K likes and only 5K views?
A thing of beauty, I know
Ya no hijo, no te creo
Actual gameplay too
There is not people and traffic
Looking forward to The Witcher 3 PS5 version a lot more.
Graphics still look pretty bad IMO
Adaptive trigger yes or no ???
This video has more likes than views
They really gotta update the wardrobe with more techwear styles and merc styles (gun holsters, plate carriers, military looking, etc.) of clothing, and CDPR, if you’re gonna show V with their sleeves down, either keep them down in first person mode or just keep them rolled up in every instance. I’m tired of seeing V with their sleeves rolled down in third person scenarios, only for them to roll their sleeves up again in first person, even in gun fights, as if they’re gonna have the time and patience to do that every. single. time.
Is this a prank?  The shadows in the club looks amazong.  What a joke.
What apartment is this that they’re in?
And what about this gen? Hmm? Did you forget about us?
Its a beautiful time to be a ps5 owner
Finally! I can play the game on next gen and it looks amazing! People who shit on this game before I got to say we the cyberpunk community just made you eat your own damn words! They made sure thus update will be a big one and oh boy let me tell you this update is freaking amazing! And the people who gave this game a chance I thank you because this game is amazing!
This still looks pretty rough but an improvement is an improvement plus the game is still pretty fun. Looking forward to jumping back in
is this a joke? This is all you had done in this time? At this rate, we'll have a decent story DLC in 3 or 4 years when nobody will give 2 craps on this game. What a disapointment!
I bought it twice, on ps4 and on PC - for the sake of VR mod (from the creators of Vorpx)  This is a really good game, but it does not next-gen graphics, but more innovation - same VR or something..new.. Cyberpunk 2077 is a good game - when you play it on the TV, and absolutely something amazing - when you play it in VR, when you yourself are in the game! And this despite the fact that I'm talking about VR mod, just imagine a full-fledged VR port... CDPR and all other developers, start focusing on innovation already! Starting from gameplay, ending with support for the same VR. The graphics alone can no longer surprise gamers today. (сорямбка за мой слабоватенький английский)
Just a reminder that this game is a masterpiece
We have improved from shit to just disappointing  because of missing features. Improvement is improvement.
So does it still run bad on the PS4 Pro?
How about to fix the PS4 version first?
Can you play a bit SLOWERRRRRR fuck your cinematical gameplay
feels dead, empty.
👎👎👎👎
Shame Youtube removed the dislike button
love the hard work y’all put in
Unfortunately no amount of bells and whistles will atone for cringe inducing writing and outdated gameplay mechanics. Just cut your losses, and start anew.
I beat it on ps5 and series x! I'm done with this dog 🐕 💩$#!+
Played thus game on my base ps4 and well the ga.e was definitely too buggy hopefully I can play this on the ps5 without the same issue
Next Gen? 😂😂😂
I think that's the first child I saw in Cyberpunk 08:37
NEXT GEN - Walks out of room----music stops immediately.
Boring. I'll possibly chip back in once they add basic features like cop chases.
So when is the patch dropping?
Better, but roads still completely empty? Cops chasing either insta dear or non existent. They were never gonna be able to fix it were they?
Please 1080 p 60 fps on xbox series s
The way AI interact with each other on the side walk is quite surprising, given older games like GTA etc.
Do cops still spawn directly behind you?
still bad.
Not giving you my money ever again. Maybe I'll check this out when it's on game pass.
Just give us Witcher 4 to get your reputation back…
Police chases still seem tame af
So excited to play this again, I'm really excited for gigs progression and house customisation!
Wait we had to wait till the next gen version to change the appearance of v?
Does this also means that the PC version is batter now ?
Looks empty
Is everyone gonna play in performance mode or Quality?? I’m downloading now on PS5. Gonna go femme V w gorilla 🦍 arms
Now I can buy the game for 10$ and play it next gen day one
Night city sure looks pretty.
I really hate how many people seem to be hating this game just for the sake that it's popular. I've never been one to defend a game, especially a bad one. But I feel that a lot of the hate for 2077 is just due to the fact that it was popular to do so for awhile.   The game launched in a broken mess. But I genuinely found the game to be enjoyable when I don't have game breaking glitches. Maybe it had to do with me being on the Series X. And consoles have always had a more stable performance then most PC games. But the giant bugs I suffered were few and far between. Though I will admit, I am still a bit annoyed that I completed every mission and side objective in areas and never got the achievement for it.
Shouldn't Terry have said let's Delta? Instead of let's Nova? Or am I wrong?
Good job on fixing the performance, which should've been like this since the release lmaoo. The game still sucks ass, really barebone content all around.
Oh boy can't wait to be disappointed but in the next gen
so when does this drop when can i play the new and improved cyberpunk?
Oh dear it looks so empty and lifeless
The gameplay its fake again?
No police chases 4 Cars on the road.... Is the same Game ...
💛🇮🇹
very Cool !!!
Still no visuals for cyberware implantation and actual interactive shop vendors like not only that cheap menu screen. No improved police AI. No improvement of the ragdoll physics. No addition of water physics. No improvement of the loot system (you were talking about "guns are made up of modules" which would make the game feel more believable instead of those guns with randomly different stats for no reason). No additional enterable buildings - especially none of the mega buildings you were hyping up to be "microsocieties in themselves" - Instead you're celebrating yourself for finally including a walk-button on PC.. Hey, I guess we can move on to the paid expansion now, can we!?  I think I'm done with that game..
Cmon atleast new update for the npc, they still walk and act the same....
Yikes.... zero improvements to graphics. Still a far shot from the e3 footage.  Sooooo they fixed textures popping in late and it looks slightly smother.... things that should be expected at this point.  Highly doubt it's worth it.... what a joke.
all this time...FOR THIS?!
Hopefully, this patch is good, looking forward buying and playing the game
I am from Slovakia and i watched Czech stream with tousands,tousands gamers. So disapointed comments during that livestream :( After year,...we waited really something special. Nextgen update sounds very cool and strong,...and we watched 30mins ,how we can colorize our apartment in game,..?! 98% gamepplay is outside,.in town,world,..missions. And u did so many details in apartment :( very big disapointed. And this my words are from tousands Slovak and Czech gamers. Cyberpunk is great game!!! I played in released days on XSX. No bugs,no problems,... I had very amazing game :) But yes,.people said,..big disapointed around world. But now,..all of them expected something ,..really,...big. Next gen update,.is mean,..lot graphic improovements etc etc,..and not stupid details in apartment :(
Worst Police AI EVEEEEERRR!!
Where next gen?(
Just the same broken game.
is it worth buying now? has all the issue been fixed? (at least most of the issues)
i was broke and sad when it launched and then in a strange way I was glad I couldnt buy it when it launched in a bad state
I wonder if they will  add an Walk button on PC Version of this update xD
too late, doubt people will care anymore the damage is done
От души !!! Однако Киберпанк живой и ещё много кого перживёт )
Stop your stupid trailers, it means nothing and improve actual game, this is how you made us buy unfinished game previously with your so called trailers.🤫
Damn finally can upgrade to the PS5 version
I'm opening my game finally. "Pops it in ps5." This is exciting.
nice to see there are actual civilians outside walking
Hopefully, It will be a beginning of new cool changes in this game.
I can't watch this on my ps4 because of age restriction issue. I'll watch it later on my Xbox.
What’s up with the views? Lmao 🤣 yt so glitchy sometimes
Im sure the 3 people in the world who own a PS5 will have fun with this one..
So glad I never refunded, I always knew they would fix the game eventually. To many toxic people always have to ruin the game vibes.
Does it cost money to upgrade to the PS5 version?
So when will they release this patch??
Still no Police chases
no police chases lul. been more than a year and apparently that isn't a priority
I bought cyberpunk 8 months ago and hated the performance so I decided just to wait lmao
Y’all can’t just be grateful? Do any of you even make video games or do you just play them!? Ohh ok get off they’re backs and just play the MF GAME
Fake
62 gigabytes for 4 apartments and makeup
Why release this now? Seriously
Cyberpunk coming out... FINALLY
So, coming out of early access?
How to download ps5-version when u have the ps4 on disc?
Excellent JOB on the patch! But WOW 43gb on steam had to delete some games that I don't play to free up space. Need to save up for some 4tb nvme drives. :)
People still believe this trash and scummy of a company? Hahahah
Oh yes the game it's finally released
Well, I'm still as uninspired to finish the game as I was before sadly
I just really want car density to be increased. Pedestrian crowds seem THICC, but cars not soo much. Takes you away from the idea that you’re in a “megalopolis”.
Its a definite marked improvement. Ive played through it once when it first come out, time to dust off the cover and pop it back in the ps5. Is this patch out, right now? :)
This is cool and all but I'll never forget what ya'll did for every person who forgives I'll be that +1 who remembers till the end of time
Looks the same - empty
Waiting for multiplayer now
Y’all realize 4k 60fps isn’t normal for a lot of games upgraded or just ps5 games in general. This is one of the not so many games that have it and so yea it’s next gen. I think they did great with it 🤷‍♂️ THANK YOU PROJEKT RED
Trash game trash dev
At least good to see this game is not yet abandoned
as a great man once said: "...i dont believe you"
Best Game I have played. 4 times completed the story and now going to do it again. It's a truly immersive experience and wow can't wait to see it now and the coming DLC's. Hope they keep developing NC as you are something special.
Still a disappointment. But becoming much less of one.
looks the exact same no cap
Video Starting here 3:57
Wow. Even more options to customize my character! Too bad I'll never see him during gameplay since theres still no option for a third person camera :)
Now we have to wait and see how much of this is actually true
whats the new game size?
The new apartment is interesting, but is it the only new content? The graphics look the same to me as I am on PC.
Notice how they didn't talk throughout this presentation. They know when they speak they get themselves in trouble.  Wheres the promised DLC? You're going to get people who still aren't happy with them. I will NEVER trust CDPR ever again.  Its almost been a year and a half and we're just now getting this update?
I hope someday, CDPR can pull a No Man’s Sky style comeback.  No Man’s Sky used to be a complete shit. Shit game with shitty performance.  Now No Man’s Sky exceeded what was promised and they basically did sorcery with that Nintendo Switch port.  though I’m not saying that CP2077 should come to switch but you guys get my point.
I want third person mode
Still waiting for you guys delivering the "deep, fully fledged RPG"...
New apartment???
It's amazing.
> next gen > 4:25 AI walking directly into each other
Gówno zrobiliście które ponownie nam próbujecie wcisnąć. Zabierajcie ten chłam.
I’ve been putting off finishing this until the upgrade. Pity it’s finally released right up against Hotizon, Witch Queen and Elden Ring. I probably won’t play this until I’ve cleared some of those others.   I do think that considering all the problems at launch, CDPR would have shown some next gen game play that would have put more stress on the system. This is a pretty pedestrian quest.
no mans sky made a comeback so i say just give them time
PS4 i was lucky didn't have many bugs but now i'm on PC i still wouldn't buy this game ever again.  PC Best platform for this game because modders are fixing shit CDPR can't lol.
...i hope it is finally fun to play this time around
4:49 😂
Now if I only had a PS5 😑
Can’t fool the people twice
LOOK forward to the next updates!  Because it is not yet fully developed their projects…
Say what you want about the game and CDPR but they've been really trying to work on this game and fix it since its release, and for that we need to commend them. A lot of devs just release a game and then just forget about it if it's buggy.
Has any new content been added to the game at all, or just bug fixes and performance stuff?
City’s still kinda dead though … I’d play it again if I didn’t already spent 500+ hrs for this game on PC
If you're lucky not to have played this game yet - for the love of GOD do not choose a male avatar. The voice actor is utterly useless and ruins the entire game. I'm so pissed off I ever did that. PICK THE FEMALE.
Kind of cool the fighting looks forgiving like shadow warrior 2
It still is baffling to me there's no 3rd person cam with this amount of character customization. As is, that's as useless of a feature i've seen in recent memory.
Meh
Hairstyle change option, finally 😭
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
You have to add traffic and npcs like in every Ubisoft goddamn open world games on Ps4
I'll wait for reviews first. Fool me once......
KEKW
Archangel when? :D
it seems like a lot of people here have pretty short memory haha. I wouldn't trust CDPR with anything. Bugs won't fix bad storyline and one-dimensional quests, I'm afraid
Too bad the actual game is a disappointment
Are the comments section full of bots? Or just brain dead and brainwashed individuals? 😂
Well hopefully my i7 10700k and 3060 can handle this...
gonna give it another try but i really doubt it will amazing at most it will be ok
it look shit
Got a Sandevistan reflex build at lv12 all ready to be made with the glitches paintings so I can buy any new cyberware. May still keep on waiting, but this pleases me
it's..the same game. with a better framerate but the same looks lmfao. good god how cdpr are pathetic lmfao
oh oh... It looks like there is still a lot of work to be done to make this game AAA worthy. I think GTA6 will come out more accomplished before CP77 becomes a AAA
Still looks like shit
Dumb question : Can we change the FOV 🤔
Any news on the Release date?
Wonder how much of this is actually real game footage
I am glad I build a high end pc to play this. CDPR did consoles players dirty.
2078
Seems honest
Visuals are, and should be, so so secondary to gameplay, narrative and environment in a game like CP2077. Main reason? Flashy graphics aren't generally the thing that makes you want to keep playing a game. I just wish they'd prioritise the other elements more so the world doesn't feel so hollow and gamey.
is physical disc is coming out?
Still one of the best games imo
Still no transmog are you kidding me?
looks much better then last gen
The dropped frames ☠️ why upload this?
Ok... What about series x??
We can drink coffee in 1.5? Now it's replay-worthy. 😋  Would be even better if 1.6 gives us the choice to **snort lines from Lizzie Wizzie's rack.**
I can finally play the game!
Can you just add TP VIEW and move on ..
So, do we have a new apartment now?
Copium..
Been waiting for this to play my final playthrough! Corpo gunslinger!!
Got this game for $5. Now I can finally play it
I'm not giving u any money
Can't wait to play it on my PS5
garbage game. dont make a sequel.
The graphics and glitches weren't the issue for me. It was how dead the world feels. Hard to come from rdr2 or GTA 5 then play this. I'll replay, using the swords was fun
is this game new for the Ps5 . i cant wait to check out
It still looks like garbage.
Sorry, but it continues extremely boring and lifeless. Look at all those people walking exacly the same way. Now, look back at Red Dead Redemption 2. It's an abism.
Анимации такие рваные, миникарта такая же хреновая, все так же плохо как и было((( красиво? Да не спорю на этом всё.
I waited a year before playing it on an XBOX one from 2013. It works just fine but with some limitations that I expected. Overall I'm still enjoying it and look forward to another playthrough on a nExt Gen when I finally pick one up. Hope this game is around for many more years.
This is what we get after a year of delay from getting a playable console version? What a joke.
wow. something playable. kudos to the  corporate team who rushed the game onto last gen consoles.
Interested to see if they managed to trick buyers again, but I might pick it up for 20 bucks eventually
New Game plus? Seriously you all arent doing it?
Obrigado por me lembrar que eu tinha que me desinscrever
Game should’ve officially came out around this time
Crap game and still looks like crap
Still a Dog 💩 game 👎🏼😂😂😂😂
Что то невпечетляет ...
When is the next gen update coming out?
I'll finally buy it, but will play it after the small patch they release after 1.5
I can reject phone calls? FINALLY!!!
Traffic is poorless :((((
4.2 views  4.9 likes  Love you yoube
everybody at the club is mute, smh. ffs and this is ur demo ? somehow i feel this its gonna be so much more bugged
Still not sure if this is a game I want to pick back up. Was hyped at first but returned it on Xbox.
Hope it's not fake
When half the budgent went to keanu reeves and the other half to graphics.
next gen update, still ps1 era rain effect. C'mon CDPR! 💩
Love you guys 🥰
So, when??)
It's cool seeing the comment section being left enabled
Oh look, a gameplay trailer that looks cool. I've seen something like this before...
When’s this out?
This doesn't look like a big improvement, is this just to show that the game is now playable in 60 fps on PS5 game consoles?   If yes, shhsh bro..... :/ I am really abandoning this game, I´m really sad I bought this thing full price at the launch.
Still a shit game, and I don't even need to try it again to prove that. The improvements are barely noticeable, and even the improvements aren't functioning properly. THIS GAME IS A JOKE! ZERO expectations for the The Witcher 3 Upgrade.
25:03 hahahaha next year I'll play this game
Looks the same to me..lol I played my ps4 copy on a ps5 tho
Since when can you change apperance in-game?
CD PROJECT ARE ALL LIARS! People must be absolute braindead to fall for this shit again
Cool cool, so all the ai spawn in and out…still… and the Ai have 0 personality
Release the game a mess the patch it up later then release it on future Gen consoles I guess this is the future of gaming guys
You see so I went into cyberpunk blind at launch…I was never hyped for the game ever and literally never heard of it prior…I did 2 playthroughs and stopped at 3 in favour of playing other games…I am far more interested in seeing the witcher 3 next gen upgrades rather than this…like I need a side by side comparison of the 2 versions for this game…because from what I remember the game looks exactly the same from what I remember and I’m sure it is not…but something like 2015 witcher 3 to modern day upgrades is a leap to me…I was satisfied with cyberpunk at launch it did crash far to much but it had dynamic 4k and 60fps I was happy…but this seems like beating a dead horse…everything looks the same or more or less but thats just me…I can’t believe this is in favour for production at this point over the witcher 3 its just a lost cause game
how about a option to walk on pc
Holding up on the graphics I see. Nothing that compared to the first gameplay that they showed on old gen hardware, even on ps5 and series x. Shame, really thought cd projekt was going to be a company on the levels of naughty dog and rockstar, seems not.
still waiting the final patch for next gen
Наконец-то, ребята! Купил игру на старте на диске, понял, что играть буду только в качественную версию, ждал столько времени, надеюсь не зря!
10:42 car dissapearing infront because the player car was about to make a left there. The absence of AI does really break the immersion of otherwise a good game tbh.
Yeah would be a Chad move if quests would work.
I still see some textures still don't load properly like in 8:02, pop-ins, and the enemy AI is still dumb as hell. This is basically just changing the settings from Medium to High-Ultra PC settings.
Completed Cyberpunk 2077 on my Xbox Series X console age's ago, there wasn't that many bugs and glitch to be honest, will look forward to playing through again after this update.
Why is the writing for this game so bad
Наконец-то эта бесполезная консоль хоть для чего-то пригодится
Guys the problem about this game are not the bugs and the glitches and the performance. Is just the lack of content and the things they told us you can do, but actually you can't. The bugs hide the real problem of the game. After playing games like RDR2 or Witcher 3(ironic) or many other games, is hard to come back and play this game like it is something new. I hope people  would stop being blind and start fighting for what they pay. Because if we don't care this companies do what they do. Maybe they can fix the bugs and the glitches and whatever but the gameplay and the story never. They really should move on, the should really listen to their community and start working on something else.
This ran fine on my ps4 slim but almost killed my ps5.  Like crashed it so hard had to factory reset it just to get it to fully turn on again
Yeah this looks little better and all but if NPCs still just crouch down and let me wail on them like lifeless robots when i hit them then its still a no go for me lol
When is this coming??
This game is finally getting GTA 2 AI
CAN SOME ONE TELL ME WHEN THIS UPDATE IS COMING OUT
Well looks little more like Deus Ex MD.
Wtf. This looks just like the ps4 pro version a little bit more high ress, more density in the day. I platiumd this game. Had a blast. Expected way more to be honest. This presentation was really slow. I went like guns blazin in all these gigs. And off course with free aim and much higher sensitivity. Anyways. Better something then nothing I guess.
I love this game I hope we get more games in the future❤
One of the best games in terms of story, fantastic acting, Mind-blowing Story, Remaining Things Very good not excellent.
This looks shit
Move the camera like you're actually playing
2022.02.15.        16:58
Hopefully the DLC is not far behind the next-gen release. The game was good but have the potential to be great with the right additions and expansions.
FINALLY CAN CHANGE YOUR APPEARANCE MY GOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2 years ago in summer I pre-order this game and I didn't regretted for money what I coast, yea like a lot of people I expected more RPG element live world but even so I like this. Спасибо команде разработчиков Cyberpunk 2077 за игру, я с нетерпением жду следующий DLC и надеюсь что у вас получить сделать все как надо. Желаю удачи вам всем.
Nice to see they listened about changing your character's appearance.
BWAHAHAHA wtf is this shit?
Biggest gaming let down ever.
What about all of us who still have a regular PS4 is it a no go?
OMG! Welcome home baby….it’s been a long wait. 😍🙃
Will this update come out today?
Picked it up on sale in anticipation of playing on the PS5.  This looks great!  Thanks CDPR!
Me as a PC Player Realizing Iv been waiting on what I already had🙃
Looks the same to me…
still no ray tracing, as expected from weakstation 5
Where are the DLCs?
When does this come out?
Imagine
The frame rate hurt my eyes to look at compared to PC...
Nice🔥
Yaas!! Already played through the game 2 time lol! This will be the third!
Why are we still getting E3 trailers in 2022 lmao
is update out today anyone know?
I hate consoles
Change appearance in game, looks like a new apartment. Adding some pretty neato stuff cdpr.
Fucking game released on PS5. How is this a "next gen" update? Whoever believes this scum sucking company deserves to lose their money!!
We can't fix the game but we have burnouts, and guitar playing.
Release date?
NPCs bumping into each other
Just goes to show that this game should've never been sold to PS4 imo.
Is it still full of bugs like the PS4 version was haha
Please let there be an fov slider
I wanted to love this game so badly and struggled through 20 hours but it is unplayable on ps4.
nice i might finally play the game
Cyberprank. Ta gra to gunwo 💩💩💩
when will a ps5 version of the game be released?
Still looks like a heap a shite.....janky ass npc's and the place is empty as fuck....what a fucking disaster of a game
Please add the E3 demo female V in the presets
Should have been done for lying.
allot of bots here today
What changed?... Looks the same. 🤔
SCAMMERS
Has new game plus been mentioned?
Dayum this game looks rough...
Looks better i'm still going to wait a year or two after the DLC is out
What's the point without New Game+...
ayooo
when update will be avaliable in ps store ?
И как персонаж так плавно двигается и поворачивается? Fake!
So I havn't played 1 sec of Cyberpunk, for obvious reasons. Have been waiting for the PS5 version. By all accounts the best way to go is completely linear. Follow the story, appreciate the world. I won't be looking to experiment and break the game, as it's not a sandbox playground. I didn't go through the witcher and look for game breaking flaws, and loved it. Different game, obviously. So I'm thinking play it like half life or something , on the rails. I'm aware of the world limitations, it's not GTA & I think I'll really enjoy it this way. I assume the majority of bugs that break the immersion will be gone. Hopefully it's worth the wait.
...... That's it?
Damn that car chase was ugly. The rest look good but damn that cop car chase was awful.
What is the resolution and frame on PS5?
The streets look so empty
Bugged
next gen... lol.
I wonder how many times they had to redo this to not show any bugs
noone cares anymore about you or your game
*can i be honest? it looks the exact same?*
looks exactly the same, but at least you can have multiple houses now. hope they reveal more features in the future so ill have an excuse to replay it :/
People should already realize that this game runs on a 10 year old engine, there is nothing worthy of the next generation. As if you were remastering an even older game. See "ILL - New Gameplay Trailer | (Upcoming FPS Horror Game 2022) - [4K 60FPS]" <<<<<<<<<<<< THIS IS NEXT-GEN.
The combat looks so bland compared to what they were promising before the release. The crowds scripting/pathfinding still looks borked. Feels like the same janky, underwhelming game with fancier graphics. Wish they'd fix it first before making new versions.
The whole trailer 0:31
i sold my ps4 vertion voz ot was unplayable so i'll get this when i'll get ps5
Hey anyone who can see dislike amounts still, how big is it on this one?
I played the game on release day on PC highest settings and the immersion was amazing I only played with the katanas and robot cyber blades and had a lot of fun. If the game was consistently on its highest level of quality it would be 9.5/10 for me but sadly it’s not. Many things that are considered standard are still completely missing and a lot of things are just a facade that hide missing content.
Let's see: 1:00 the detailed customization is pointless and still a massive waste of time, considering that you barely see your characters face in the game anyway because there is no third person mode. 6:09 melee combat is still extremely stiff and robotic. 7:14 the music during the fight stops for no reason, completely killing the vibe of the fight. 9:01 AAA Next Gen 2020 graphics look like they were pulled straight out of 2016, better lighting and cleaner textures though, but that's about it. What's even worse is that the game was advertised as having some of the best visuals ever achieved by an open world RPG... 17:23 Driving still feels and looks like you're driving on ice. 22:58 10/10 dialogue, the stubborn bouncer who refused V doesn't even say anything in response to taking a payout and just stares at you awkwardly. 28:15 You grab this hulking beast of a person and there is no sound design or struggle when doing that...  Overall: Same mediocre crap, different day. Cyberpunk still stands as one of the most disappointing games of all time. Nothing here impressed me or showed any sign of legit improvement at all. The lights are a little shinier and the textures are a little sharper, but other than that, it's the same disappointing game from 2020 that most players in the gaming community hate. And I will never play it again. The standards for Cyberpunk were high, as they should be, but CD Projekt Red failed on almost every front of game design. The unfortunate truth is, this game had already failed from the start. There is no one to blame, but the developers themselves. It sucks man.
Ahh... The Noman's Sky gambit are we? Good, let's see what we get as late as it may be...
Trying to put lipstick on a pig eh? Rushed game forever bad.
the audacity these guys have to release a broken game on next gen, I wish the dislike button worked
Doesn't change the linear story or meaningless intros and origins
is it a native ps5 version as a download  or just a next gen  patch for ps4 version
526 dislikes right now.
- 0:48 Character customisation is cool. But it shouldn't be in a menu, it should be in places in the world (barber, plastic surgeon etc.) ... immersion is not there. - 4:04 Still a lot of ghosting - 4:14 NPCs are still dumb as bricks, turning around for no reason and bumping into each other. Variety is poor, there's still a lot of NPC twins in the same frame... The streets feel just as dead as before. - 16:55 100mph.... really? It looks more like 30/40mph, without even exaggerating.  It's cool to add a bit of content and scripted events, but the real problems haven't been fixed...
Looks so good but we need a history dlc
Hope we get a 40fps over 120hz (low latency / high fidelity) mode. Ratchet and Clank paved the way for the future!
Lookin' good CDPR!
So npcs are still a joke. No reactions to World other npcs or character. No physics. 2 types of routines only.  Thats like open world simulation 101....
I got it now I am downloading the game I hope is worth it
Thanks for never giving up CD Projekt Red.
When will be the upgrade
Fool me once, shame on me. Fool me twice, Cyberpunk 2077.
The AI is still horrible. I will never forget that they compared this crap to RDR2.
Finally I can play with my 1 year old untouched disc
Nice, I hope this will be the beginning of more updates and Qol improvements as time goes by.
Why do people look like they're are floating when they walk? Shadows look bad too.
Patching isn't enough, this game needs immersion and expansion. I was look forward to exploring cyberpsace behind the blackwall, flying vehicles, more customization, underground areas, cyber dungeons, interactable objects, properties to own, factions to join. However ... give me Panam romance DLC and take my money
This is just the real gameplay reveal, only instead of being released when it should have been back in 2018, they released it one year post release
Looks like my pc gameplay looks no different
No police chases? Or some mad driving in the city? Well ... something is fishy here again. I'm sticking with Witcher, nothing more. I'm just hoping that the next Witcher won't be in the same state like this one.  I appreciate all the work that you guys did after the disastrous launch of the game and i hope that more people gets into it, but for me personally it's a big NO. :)
So just upgrade but nothing different in it Hahaha Typical CD Project Red Useless wait it looks different has it got new staff in the upgrade
I really love the game but 28:15 💀💀💀
Amazing how when it’s actually playable this game is kinda good. The RPG elements and combat aren’t half bad. Not nearly what was promised, but pretty good.
AHA OK. I like it.
Ok so I really enjoyed this game, but from I can tell the only thing that i can tell changed is graphics and optimization. Can't see anything that would interest me enough to play it again.
30:37 wait…what?!!
yall forget how mediocre this game was even when it worked properly?
You guys have one more chance not the fuck this up from both us and the game industry itself
Oh so the character creation is just blurry and 480p. Fucking hell i legit thought it was a bug xD.
Not worth, still worse than trailers.
You put things that are missing from the beginning, a year later and I only have 1 minute of video
The pedestrian pathfinding sux.
It's still better and more beautiful on PC on medium settings.
WTF why can PS5 change appearance but not PC ..and a new apartment and SHIT  ..
Lol at all the simps defending this game
Year and a half later and this game is still one of the biggest disappointments in gaming. I was there with CDPR when The Witcher was so young that Enhanced Edition wasn't out. What a disgrace. Never again.
Ps4 version still will be  fixed rigth ????
When is this available?
Wait... Is it out now?
Wow it...runs decently? Seriously guys, is this what we are ment to praise, the litteral bare minimum of actually running? Won't be returning to this lost cause.
please add dum dum as companion
Hopefully not another sad cash grab, followed by a non-apology, leading into more lies.
It looks gorgeous :) The twitch stream is a disaster though...!
Still looks and plays like trash wtfffffffff
I hope no cap
Garbage game made from a garbage company. No amount of "fixes" can help this shit game.
Why characters don't even have shadows? Raytracing features you said?
Well I think apart from the bad frame rate all this 3 missions worked fine on basic PS4!! I don't know, I want to replay it  but also I don't care anymore about the main story!! When are we getting new content?!
Beautiful.
So if we bought the physical copy for PS4 is there a free next gen upgrade?
I hope the hideous AI is fixed, no more cars and people on rails please. I'm really trying to love the game, but it's not easy.
damn I clicked on this video to only check dislikes amount and then I realised YT removed the counter
🖐️
i love this game i was one of the people who had very few glitches on ps5 so my experience playing the game was great since it came out i do wish there were more side missions though because when i finished the game i felt like i needed and wanted more stuff to do so i just wondered around the city exploring
*Searching bug in this video
Why isn't it on the playstation store? No Upgrade yet WTF
Hope this patch gets its own metacritic reviews to impress new customers
Plz more Panam 🙏
sweeet!🥳
Dont support this awful studio.
I got burned with Cyberpunk 2077 preorder. That teached me that even the best developers can fall from grace and maybe now I can install and play the damn thing
Also I am very confused why you made this video before the next gen update? Clickbait I guess. For everybody with the brain CD project red is making the announcement about this update today at 4:00 Central Time
expected more, especially after the long silence. I doubt it'll bring a lot players back.
Can't wait till the X version
I don't trust this trailer
So is this gameplay real?
When is this released
Can’t wait for the next Witcher game 👍🏻
I'm finally going to open my steelbook.
terrible
Is the ps5 version out right now?
When does this update go live? Seems preem 👹
I feel so bad for you people who didn't complete this game a few weeks after launch because you bought it on steam.
Why is the framerate so jittery?
Did they bring back apartments...????
What is the file size for the game + the update? Can't be a small download.
Lookin forward to playing this update on my PS5 and Series X (the game was on sale $10 so I got two).
this game was supposed to be a 3rd person game
finally 🙏 i have the ps4 version can i upgrade for free ?
I forgot to unsubscribe, thanks for reminding me.
Better witcher 3 next gen do
Why did you not show this on Twitch ?
I don't believe a second of this trailer is legitimate if it was made by the same people in CDPR who were responsible for the pre-release trailers and fake E3 gameplay. I'll wait for the reviews before wasting money again, because I doubt I'll get a second refund for another broken mess.
idk man its not about the graphics for me, not even the bugs but the game is just boring, concept is boring ..
We can finally change our characters appearance?! About time!!
nefasto. sigue igual de roto y se nota desde el segundo 1 de video. ni hablar que para los que lo jugamos en ultra en PC, no cambia absolutamente nada con esa version.   y paso a detallar antes de que bardeen al pedo.  sale de la habitacion, se corta la musica del interior instantaneamente  sale a la calle, un auto se detiene con la luz verde del semaforo cruza la calle, npcs comienzan a chocarse entre si al mejor estilo gta vice city pasa por adelante de un semaforo, cambia la luz a verde instantaneamente igual que siempre.  y podría seguir...
You haven't even fixed all the bugs in the pc version yet 🤔
Yoooo game looks better 😎 nice job guys
You can change your appearance in Cyberpunk 2077 so basically we've arrived in 2003   Jokes aside though, I love the game and hope it gets the improvements that it desperately needs
Hope the Driving is improved Cause The Vehicle Moves in the Same speed, But the Meter is Increasing irrespective of the speed of the vehicle
What does Free Trial mean?
Is this going to turn out to be fake as well?
Wow. Good job, CDPR! Looking forward to the DLCs!
not enough shaders imo
That's it, walk and look around niiiiice and slowly, gotta give those assets time to load so the trailer doesn't look like shit.  Edit.  Confirmed driving and resulting texture pop in is still kind of shit.
And the patch is out... when??
i see fps drops from here
So is this dropping today or nah?
We need Rockstar to make a true Cyberpunk open world game.
Waste of 60 dollars
Ваууу!  😍😍😍😍 я куплю эту игру на свою ps5!!!
I hope the trophy unlocks work perfectly, I already platinumed this shit! I'd like to do a relaxed playthrough for once!
I dunno how much people will believe your showcases
Seeing the people walk in the city passing each other by looks soooo bad lol no matter how much they do with this game, they still won’t make it what they originally promised
W
The police is still a bullshit, you move slowly both while walking and in car, because if you'd move faster, like every single player does, there would be frame drops. Luckily Techland gave us a great game that works great without 20 patches and even gave one free DLC in less than a year after release
Pues, técnicamente eso ya lo vimos no? Osea, se supone que ahora si es verdad jajaja
To anyone that thinks this game will ever look like it did in the E3 trailer are delusional, sure it might look great or better than the current state in future but jfc if it ever looks like E3 in game I’d sell all my toes
It this downloadable right now?
Nobody care about this game now.This is how this game would look like in launch.Over 1 YEAR ago.Still no dlc...What are you doing there in cdp??...
I'm happy you didn't abandon the game because of the negative reception. It's my favorite game and I'm excited for future content!
Looks soooooooo much better omg
Mum, can we have Sekiro?  ->We have Sekiro at home   Sekiro at home: 6:20
Looks good, but I ain't touching it before Digital Foundry's review. Fool me once...
People in the comments defending a million dollar company as if they didn’t spit in the faces of us all? Lol stop defending mediocrity people like YOU are the reason games haven’t been good in years. Hold companies accountable.
Некстген некстгеном, а исчезающий трафик из картонных моделек никуда не делся
3.3k views, 3.3k likes..... looks fishy
3.3k views and 3.2 likes  HOW
чё поменялось?
are AIs still braindead?
When's it available?
Ya where's all that dlc content promised year and those missing features though???
With the new graphic I believe we will see new bugs and problems. Another broken version of the game on next gen 😂😂😂😂😂
Why the fuck most of the gameplay they showed is at night with empty streets. They should show city in the day with many people and cars.
а где разница?
Where are all the bugged npcs that plague this shitty game?
One year too late. Already finished, graphically it needs beefy PC build to spread wing In contrast to horizon forbidden west running on 500$ consoles. I've liked CP very much, mostly because it was well written. But common guys, you fucked up pretty hard
Wow looks incredible
Still baffles me that we don't/can't use Johnny's guitar as a weapon
With the announcement of gta 6. Cyberpunk is dead stop trying to revive this game
Wait, it's not dead?
How is this difference to to PS4 pro version I played on my ps5.   Still looks like a train wreck.
XDDDD
no one cares about consoles you shouldn't have wasted the time
Play this game on PC with a trainer. The game becomes The Matrix.
Позорище.Стыд.Надеюсь это компания разорится.Так долго ждали обновления.И вы показываете вот это .....вам самим там не стыдно?
FINALLY THIS IS THE ULTIMATE VERSION!!
Cool
The demo looks great! Can't wait to play the game after the release in 2077!
This looks awesome!
Looks great, I can’t wait to play this on my Xbox Series X.
Oh,so this is where all the NPCs went.
Esto era lo que esperaba desde el principio
City still looks pretty dead.
CDPR rules
I love the description of the game in the bio as if it wasn’t in development for 11 years as if we don’t already know what it is  I hate to be that girl but I just don’t see your little 2 month update saving a game that flopped when you had ELEVEN YEARS to make it decent
I'm watching 4:10 and it's the most jarring part yet. Multiple NPCs with exactly the same walking cycle, jutting each other as they collide because there's no "push" animation, nor do they try to logically avoid each other.
Ya no hijo... no te creo.jpg
FIX the Megabuildings!!!!! please.
looks very dark
Think they forgot to mention this patch is probably one of the DLC's ;))
snake oil
Excited for what creative bugs they'll come up with this time
I hope old gen get fixed as well because you guys advertised this game for those consoles and its not fully fixed
1:44 yeah this is some sort of next gen head animation 5:58 yup nade under his feet and he stands like nothing happened, improved AI at it's finest
Dying light 2 has more dlc than cyberbug2077
Walking simulation or Ps5 gameplay?
I mean, it looks nice, but are you going to finish the origins and the games opening?
There is no difference. Congratulations, you fooled people for the second time. Great success.
so boring where is all the shit they promised us??? this is more of the same old shit  fuck CDPR
About time to redeem
Woww the game almost looks 70% of what was promised it would look like when it was first launched over a year ago
Is there raytracing in nxt gen version?
Has anyone else noticed the problem with Kerry's story about the DJ?
Scalpers got a win today
Watching the stream about the changes and all are welcome changes. Cannot wait to try this out.
I am intrigued. But I would have showcased these upgrades much better. Hit me up CDPR 💛
Why have customization for your character if you’re always in first person smh make a third person option and I’d buy this.
How does it compare to my collectors edition on my basic ps4?
Will I get a free upgrade for ps5??
I'm curious about how it will perform on the series s.
this is pathetic, just let this game die lol
don't care what anyone says, this game was great from the start. it isn't what they promised but you're lying to yourself if you're saying its' a horrible game by itself. bugs were mainly a problem on old gen and a lot of them are fixed by now. the story is really great, a lot of features are lacking from the e3 showcase but the feeling when you play the game is incredible even without them. if all of those features were in the game and there were no major bugs, this would be the best game ever made. i hope they add more content just like the new apartment in this showcase.
Forget Cyberpunk,talk about Witcher 3 upgrade.
Amazing game. Hope more people get to play and finish it.
Can’t believe how many in the comments are so ready to forget or forgive what this company did they lied about everything and released a half ass product
I play on a 3090 this ain’t shit
I literally just searched for Horizon Forbidden West and then this junk turned up between the results. Keep your empty shell of a game to yourselves cdpr. No patch is going to fix the dead bland open world AND your reputation.
2.9k views and 2.8k likes?
lets gooooo
Looks like there isn’t any big new thing
Well , I guess it's time 2 experience the ready Version 🎮👁
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL you guys still alive.
doesn't even look next gen though where is the body damage  this just looks like a visually pleasing game it's too bland to be next gen
So is this gonna be a PS5 Upgrade or just a PS4 update? I'm confused
For those who didn't bought the game in 2020 like me,hope we can experience this now
Hell yeah good thing I just got next gen
The club is the most underwhelming shit I’ve ever seen 💀💀💀
DLC when?
The guy walk so slow cause it lag
Paid actors in the comments
At least now I can unpack my collector’s edition and start playing on my PS5 since 14 months after the purchase (release)! BRAVO!
i hope they upgraded the AI and quest stuff....
When?
Nice . Maybe I will play this one after horizon 🤝
lets hope this is real gameplay no like that ps4 "gameplay" video...
i dont see  any difference
Deslike
Im so glad its not just better graphics, that's kinda the trend now with next-gen updates. Im so happy theyre adding new apartments, and mid game character customization. They did not disappoint
who would want to play again the same story with fake choices. long ass missions that play out the same fcn way, graphics was not an issue. game is an interactive movie with same path and illusion of choices.
LOOKS good.  But is it another E3 show followed by a colossal letdown???
I can finally play this game for the first time. Played it a bit on PS4 pro and was like nah I’ll wait till PS5 version comes out.
Omg they actually added cups of coffee for that one complaining he couldn’t drink a cup of coffee in the game
Fake
When?
Ох как они давольны сваей игрой)
Cant wait for Series X version!  For sure will looks even better than on ps5!
Can’t wait to play this 👍
Is that all???
Dissapointed
I want my money back.
30 fps? Lol
dislike given from me  no ps5 version on the playstation store im waiting now for over 1 year
4:48 10/10 GAME OF THE YEAR 2022
Fun how the city is still empty LOL
Next gen bugs... 🪳🪳🪳
Is this being released today?
There is so much they need to fundamentally change about the game, even if it wasn’t broken at launch it’s still pretty dull
🇧🇷
Yea lets just excuse the mountain of lies and be positive... nope. Dogwater
We only trust the experiences of the players
When?!
I haven't played the game soo this will be a treat my experience was never tainted  Edit: should I really try this game out now? Or keep waiting?
WE WANT NEW GAME+
This looks a bit better than the PS4 running in back compat on the PS5, but scene/crowd density is back up. Expected more but at the same time I have to remember that it’s never going to look as good as a $3k PC.
When is it available?
Looks the sams lmao. CD project are a joke
Not trustworthy, you showed fake footage before
*Believe half of what you see and nothing that you hear in the cyberverse*
Do que adianta lançar o game na nova geração se nem sequer este game é jogavel??!! Eu zerei cyberpunk e estava no caminho de zerar outra vez. mas simplesmente o jogo é injogavel até os dias de hoje. Esse foi com certeza o pior jogo que já joguei na vida! A história dele pode ser incrível e até sua trilha sonora uma das melhores. Mas tenho orgulho de dizer que minha confiança vcs perderam!
yep look much smoother, but can you improve some ragdoll physics and gore mechanics? for immersive gunplay melee and combat
Why are you moving so slow? Is it to stop the low rez textures? Also love this game can't wait to finish my playthrough on my PS5 with the PS5 version of the game and then start a replay. Don't give up on this game and F@CK THE HATERS!
Looking good looking pretty goood
I like your game for what it is. But honestly a features update would be much more appreciated than a next gen update. Add the things we were promised before the release of the game.
Sound effects and music are trash in this game. I want to vomit every time I get noticed by an enemy
Теперь понятно почему они молчали полгода) Ребята пахали не покладая рук! Молодцы, CD Pr! Мы в вас верили, верим, и будем верить!
And I hope the bugs are more fixed! Cause this game is soo good, but it gets at some point annoyed because of the bugs and thats really sad!
Shit as always
looks like PS4 game + ray tracing
You did it Cyberpunk, you are now so close to the promise land of this game potencial! 👏🏻
Based on previous gameplay demos, I’m going to guess that this is a DualSense hooked up to a PC.
😭 can finally change my appearance without restarting
BUG PATCHES PLEASE
Glad I decided to pass on this game. Not gonna lie. Made too many concessions to the woke mob before release for me. The launch issues just reaffirmed my decision.
Is it just me who thinks some parts of the game look too low-res (I'm watching the video in 4k on a 4k screen)? I mean yeah the world is detailed and looks pretty great overall but I wonder what the trade-off in resolution will be in some areas of the game for this "dynamic 4k". I'll wait for Digital Foundry's video when the next-gen version finally releases. Also, sometimes I love playing 3rd person games in 30fps for the extra visual fidelity and I know some of you might disagree with me on this, but first person games are unplayable for me in 30fps so I hope we'll have a performance mode too(must-have for a next-gen game imo) or maybe if the fidelity mode is optimised well enough, a 40fps mode for those of us with 120hz screens just like Ratchet and Clank: Rift Apart has.
NPCs still with a idiot AI, PS3 games have better AI than Cyberpunk 2077. When an NPC collide with another npc while walking it has no realism, this could be something like Uncharted 4 or Assassins creed. The movement of npcs is very robotic, it doesn't feel like a current game. Npcs don't have a life cycle during the day as promised. The reflections and lighting effects could be better. Facial expressions are bad. This game shouldn't have released for the last generation, it ruined this game and it will never be as promised.
I didn't like that the marketing people actually learned nothing. When I read '... other visual and technical improvements..', they learned nothing... The game was on every platform disastrous, especially on the old consoles and the act like it was nothing..
Is this real???!!?!? FIX THE GAME, RELEASE WHAT YOU PROMISSE TO YOUR CLIENTS, AND THEN YOU CAN HYPE ANYTHING, PLEASE STOP!!! I believe less and less in CDPR every Day that passes, and that's sad....
верните мои евро доллары мне за всю игру должны были заплатить 100к где мои деньги?
😐
What about police chases ?? are they still not present
It's getting better, is this update coming to current-gen consoles?
I am still curious about the NPC's in the next-gen version
🤣
I love you guys!❤️❤️‍🔥 In my opinion CDpr is the best game developers in the world.
Why on earth would you start the video with such a massive spoiler for your own game???
Yessss I can change my hair and makeup!!!! Actually super hyped about this
it was hard to launch like that, did they learn their lesson?  Why did they choose to be ashamed?
Boohoo! Never forgive!!!!!
So 60 fps with raytracing or not? And do we know launch date ?
What a disapointment this game was and still is, no matter how many patches this game gets it will never be what you promised cdpr. What a shame.
Oh shit new apartment and character customization  1 year+ after launch
I love how they are walking at a snails pace and theres STILL pop in lmaooo we waited a year for this
AI still sucks
Do you guys think we will be able to play the game for free by the time the next gen update drops?
I see really good job, thanks for adding the fact that you can change V's appearance now!
Meh🤢🤮
I guess its time for my third playthrough as a corpo finally
Too little too late. Piss off.
Nice !
Internet pretending the game is good now
pc version when
Ah, yes. Now I can bask in the glory of next-gen features such as trimming my hair.
This looks really good! Thank you guys, can't see what's in store for this year!
Still trying
Is there now change character look in game possibility???
Yessss Let's GOOOOO
No way😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😚😚😍😍😍
Когда ждать?
still looks shit
God dammit Regina, we doing showcase here
Pc was next gen long time ago. Game is still not great.
Only ps5 yes baby rip xbot
Xbox no updates keep crying xbot hahhahahahahahahahahahahahhah
After 30 sec I've concluded that this is just another scam. With a $2k PC this game still suffers from fps drops, Issues, And stutters
finally console players can enjoy the game like pc users can. Keep up the good work CDPR, the launch was bad but you can rebuild reputation by fixing the issues and delivering the game as promised.
Enough. Where are the expansions!!??
No for Xbox hahhahahahahahahha
Rip Xbox hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah
👍👍👍👍👍
Soooooooo, when will it be available to download on PS5? Also, new apartment? They really had the time for that?
Pedestrians shoulder bump each other lol
Looks niiice! No more blurry textrures! Was waiting for it and finally will finish the game on my PS5!
Oh DAMN. This looks good. I need to replay this again.
Wtf?! What is it?
First fix the game
Only ps5 rip Xbox hahahahahahahahahahaahaj
I have faith
Rip xbot 😂😂😂😂😂😂
0:27 One Day Left on Omori route
No xbot
W
Before we get into the next generation, is this game running properly on the current one yet?
is the xbox one and ps4 versinons of the game playable at all? or did you forget those?
My favorite game of 2020! Can't wait to replay it this time as a corpo.
2013 game. Where is the good interaction with the world, good AI, good gameplay and not a generic shooter that CD Projects promised us ?🙄
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
wow, good thing i didn't buy it
Screw old gen, huh?
The real GOTY 2021
If there isn't an FOV slider then there's really no point  Edit: there's no FOV slider
No any trust here. Remember PS4 pro gameplay video
trash, not worth the hype. Next!
Nie można było tak od razu?
Non lo so Rick
AYOOOOOOO!!! SICK
Nach dem elend mit der ps4 version...kann ich der Ps5 version keine Chance einräumen .  Ich bereue es zu tiefst an CDPR geglaubt zu haben...und das spiel nicht zurück zugeben .  Man kann auch auf schönere arten Geld verbrennen ...   RDPR hat seine Fans betrogen....und kommt damit auch noch durch, wo bleibt die Gerechtigkeit.
Un mal juego siempre será un mal juego
Hey CDPR call me and I'll give this game what it needs to become a real gem. Just ask nicely.
a big dead world :(
I like how this is a genuinely features-rich update and not just a slight technical improvement over last gen. Good on you CDPR, actually looking forward to the future of the game now!
Meh still the same mediocre game.
Чо изменилось то? Графон хуже сделали?
Looks much smoother, still doesn’t look like the Cyberpunk we were shown at E3 but hopefully it gets there someday!! I’ve never been more excited for anything then I was for this game but I was extremely let down by the lack of content and how little immersion it offered. Didn’t even mind the glitches & bugs. Keeping my hopes up for you Cyberpunk 🤞🏻
Fuck last gen player I guess.
Mehh, Sobrevalorados.
No player reflections!??
Thx, but i say no
Incredible how much less interesting this game is when actual gameplay of it is shown compared to all the BS promo. They fix the bugs and fanboys come reeling to defend and praise it but no sensible person would positively talk about this game with all the context and mistreatment CDPR gave this game and its customers.
Omaga
Going to wait on the reviews for this one! You wont fool me again!
Cyberscam
Won’t touch it again after the initial release.
The streets are completely empty… where is everyone… how is this a living breathing city
Well, I prefer to wait for gta vi
25:03 no hope
who cares, no expansions, wtf?! i expected something like Blood and Wine or Hearts of Stone but they did nothing during all this fucking time, what a shame CDP had chance to redeem themselves in the eyes of everyone by making something actually impactfull with this game but they did nothing.... shame, really
Oooh I love it 🔥😳🤩
zzzzzzzzz
Physical ps5 copy?
Still a yikes
16:43 look at this shit, car disappearing in front of us...
To late ,15 years to late
Во сколько патч выйде?
3:15 is the apartment soundproof? because when you pass by the music automatically disappears
The world is so so so epmty
Please add new game +
Release the content that was promised first
When is the ps5 release?
Thats amaizing and all but weres the muktiplayer?
Trash is gonna trash
you can change your appearance in the mirror now!?
Lol they skipped over previous gen
Okay cool, but the city still looks.... empty?
Still the same shit.... Jesus christ
Where is metro ????!! Aaaaaaa
А что, так можно было?!
Hahahahaha, and still no news of the bugs that still persist, delivering what was promised on all those E3, trailers and so on (since we paid for it) on all the platforms and fixing the game completely. Seriously, this is pointless.
Honestly I was expecting more out of the next gen version but it is what it is
This was so underwhelming
Lucky for you there is no dislike counter anymore
god I'd pay my soul for Cyberpunk 2077 online
Hope it's cheap to buy after the crap we put up with so far
They’re doing it. They’re actually doing it. Thank you guys
Найс новый видос))) А длс будет?
This is all fine, but is the police system improved or is it the same?
0:47 this is the best addition
All I want is a New Game Plus mode. 😔
Fix the base consoles first. Not everyone has new gen.
still looks like shit nice work cyberscam
Do they think CB 2077 is still alive? lol
What's the point of buying a game that should of been completed before. It should be free for those that bought the ps4 garbage of what yall call game.
I was really hoping for raytraced reflections :(
Where are the NPCs?!
About fucking time
How the hell haven't they introduced any new quests? I remember all of those in the same way as before,not to mention the balls to just showcase the godawful W+M1 swordplay in the game.
This is going to be one hell of a comeback
SCAMMERS
When will this be available on xbox series S
Can't say there's much if a difference
This joystick-guided camera gives me agony and makes me want to die.
Wow! Like👍
How is CDPR going to verify you purchased Cyberpunk for the PS4 to get the PS5 version 🤔
Looks amazing, beat it on my RTX 3080.  Will buy and enjoy again on PS5 ^_^
I have a disc sooo
Samurai Edition, when?
hope it leaves early access soon, it’s genuinely a really good game. just wish the bugs were fixed and it was better optimised (my computer is mid range and can run RDR2 at 40-50fps, this game doesn’t look as good as RDR2 and runs at 20-30 most of the time)
lets see if i will manage to play without having crashes
Looks much better, bravo CD Projekt 👏
Still looks like shit.
❌❌❌❌❌❌❌❌❌❌❌
So when is this update dropping for ps5 bc I just checked and I have no update or option go upgrade.
Why are the enemies so spongy There are so many times you can be sliced by a katana
I haven't touched my copy yet, didn't want the bugs to ruin my experience! Hopefully I won't be disappointed 🤞🏾
Next-Gen PS5 = average PC
Actual gameplay or cgi? Lol.
Yes, it's cool, but Minecraft with RTX is better
Looking forward to a second playthrough on the ps5,played the non upgraded version on my ps5 also and was okay but so many bugs :(
вам повезло что дизлайки отключили
Shit is still buggy with the crowds lol you guys did some effort but not good enough
New V apartment?
Can’t wait to get my hands on cyberpunk punk 2077 on the PS5.
Very excited for the 1.5 patch, but then again the focus is all on "next-gen" and not on "old-gen", cyberpunk 2077 performs beautifully on the PlayStation 5 but what about the PlayStation 4 or the PlayStation 4 PRO? I think all users of the old-gen consoles(including myself) think a lot about this.. and I have a feeling more people play cyberpunk on the old-gen rather than the new because.. well.. not all of us got the money for a new console
Daring, are we?
Oh an "update"
Is the game fixed yet
Fuck off CDPR. You gave us a half baked game. Unless you add in a ton of more content I'm never playing again.
It just works!
I hope this is 100% REAL gameplay, but coming from you I highly doubt it.
In this version will i be able to see my characters willy if i look down?
AYOOOO LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOO
игру сука чините а не синематики, а то в сдпр походу кроме маркетологов никого нет
Even though you have released multiple updates and patches the game is still A wreck that no one wants , there is so much content promised that never came...and never will
Dude, I played on ps4 with 15 fps and 720p at release date. Why did you do to me dear CDPR. After 1 year, you finally patched. I won’t forgive you and I will always remember that problems !!!
Don't give me hope
This is going to be next level on PS5. Like if you are excited..!!
Fooled me once….
Hopefully this is the cyberpunk we’ll get to enjoy
Lol who have time to play cyberpunk 2022 is only Elden Ring year
I wish I could see the dislikes just to get some perspective.
Do you smell it?     I smell a big load of bs!
When its coming?
**Marty McFly voice** Hey! I've seen this one!
Honestly sad that y’all were rushed because I know this polished version would have been amazing from the get go.
Yea whatever
I have been waiting for the next gen version. Haven’t played it on the PS4 version. I really hope it’s good now. It has been sitting sampling dust just waiting for this. Don’t let us down again CD project red
В чем разница? А нельзя было сделать чтобы когда имплант в глаза вставляешь то внешне отображалось бы на глазах . И не только. А не как у вас просто  внешка.  Да и вообще все импланты, чтобы по возможности отображались
We need a new withcer game or remake witcher 1 and 2
Will the Series S get a 60fps mode?  I bought the game on Pc and I would buy it again for my xbox.
please dont disappoint us again
You guys are very early on the april fools joke.
Hopefully people on next gen are hyped for this, it looks close to PC for sure now and seems much smoother. Hopefully the patch makes the PC version better as well, PC looks the best but hopefully runs better.
A thing of beauty, I know Will never fade away.
All it took was two years several updates and a next gen update to get the barber
LOL ANOTHER FAKE DEMO BY CDPR???
i love cyber punk .... hope for best for next part and expention
Lets hope this time the gameplay trailer is accurate
Esperemos que no sea mentira esta vez
Memes shall return
Finally remembered your password?
Hopefully there are more cutscenes
dead game
Hopefully this starts the redemption arc of the game
A step in the right direction hopefully. Gotta start putting out real DLC though cuz it’s almost been 2 years since the game came out.
so will it be launch with all the features in first or second trailer?
When is the PS5 version finally released?
This game gave me more emotions than dying light 2
Опа опа
We need a content DLC instead. And even less bugs, but hey,  all in all the game is alright.
Looks like we got a brand new world to burn.
Well the game is ok
This is so dope!
Hope it gets more content after the next gen updates, I had a lot of fun playing it, did everything available and wanted more 10/10
My favorite game! Story and atmosphere are just insanely good! I hope every technical problem is solved now! Can't wait!
OMG THIS IS AWESOME!!!!!
Woah nice new upload
Looks like trash
Man y’all fucked up to the point beyond repair
2 YEARS 2 LATE, CDPR.......
Looking forward to the DLC!
Ебааа... Снова ты?!?!?! Прошёл удалил и забыл как кошмарное недоразумение
Wow
Trash
HOLY SHIT U CAN CHANGE UR HAIR FINALLY!!!!
haha still trash
what did you do this time cyberbug
LETS GO
Were the free DLC 😐
YOOO, change appearance in game
hopeing this will be a good one
neat
Big balls to show up again.
Finally 🥺
Time to get a ps5🤩. Been holding onto the game since release not wanting to play it on the choppy ps4 version...
Yeah!!! We can change appearance!!!!
Please CDPR we need more content with romance options. I need more Judy in my life.
whit calm
Quando vai estar disponível ?
Yooo finally we can change our apperance
This video was better then the stream video.
I've been playing Cyberpunk on my PS5 with HDR on and i thought it couldn't get much better than that... How I love being wrong
Nothing about this game is "next-gen"
Expansions soon? 🥺
Beautiful. But when is the major expansion coming, or am I missing something.
Hype
Finally next gen version is her
When?
Finally I can change my hair style. Jesus christ
You gotta be desperate for justifying your expense of a locked-down, castrated, corporate-overlord-audited, instant-gratification games platform to play an FPS on console.
Only one way to play this game. Get a $3000+ PC and a lot of mods
Wow
He still looks like great value Keanu😆
You can finally change your appearance on the go!!!! Time to download this bad boy again
Just please I don't want it to crush now
When will we get this gamę?
"I trust you CDPR" hahahahaha
Cyberscam 2: return of the Cyberdildo
Didnt even remember I was subscribed to this shit - Elden Ring all the way ma dudes
still gonna be busy😂
CHARACTER CUSTOMIZATION TIME
Wooooow I can wait 😑
Is CDPR deaf?
Holy hell i can finally change my appearance
Ugh, finally!
It's not going to be a buggy mess again right?
Wow they actually changed stuff
I played on PC and never had any issues (Lucky me!)  but the next patch looks amazing!
Да ладно Спустя год новое видео от Cyberpunk 2077
Scammers
Oh snap. Change appearance???
We will decide if this is next gen not you guys
Finally
dead game
Maybe... just maybe... the game should be released exactly now. And not in 2020.
When online ?
Oh yeah. Once upon a time I was waiting for expansion for this game
I trust you CDPR - you have my support till the end of times.
dayum
This actually looks neat!
Sick
Please be good please be good please be good please be good
How is this game now?
it took them more than a year after launch to push a working version out
Gdzie obiecane DLC?
Hopefully this is the beginning of a beautiful Cyberpunk 2077 experience
Nobody cares… you guys effed over a whole gaming community…
Just fix the game
man i rmb being so hyped........
Next Gen marketing
Looks good. Hopefully it will be perfect. Like I thought the original would. 🤔
Not bad gameplay-glitches threw the map
I love your  game  , please make more . The cyberpunk storytelling  is awesome
LETS GOOOOOO
Best joke of 2022 so far
Is this a fake video like you did in 2017
It's about damn time
Do we even care anymore?
Stop, just stop.
Please give me a pc version I love this game cdpr
Hope all the bugs are gone now😕
lol speak of the devil, i was just thinking about you guys.. 😘
So this means the game is fixed or?
Let’s goooo
Let's give it a shot now!
Yasssssss. Thanks guys. I know you devs worked super hard and we appreciate it. Sorry you got rushed
A lil too late
you guys are still alive 😭😭
I love this
Дождались
When it will be on gamepass?
don't think any amount of patches will fix the emptiness of this game
wat
Is this a joke?
Cyberflunk 2077
HEYOOOO!!
Loool. Fuck this
Why oh why did you mess it up
Cyberpunk 2077 is an underrated game.
It's actually alive?
Didnt ask
Ahhh, the owner of my heart💜
One
Hello ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛
Playable?
Hopefully the gameplay will be accurate and not a bug filled mess this time
Oh my
Hyyypeeeeeee
😳
First!
2nd
2 years late but looks cool
Is it finally time?
Finally!
lol  this game still flopped
1st
Polska gurom
😕 🤔
Is it fixed?
Damn straight away I'm watching
Well well well
Everybody forgor 💀
Lmao
I hope its good this time...
Hell yeah 👍
Finallllyyyyyyyy, can’t wait
why
Noice
wow who asked
Can’t Wait :)
A bit late maybe
O yeah
Dead Game
First
Isn’t this game dead already? Who plays it? Too little too late
Next Gen update release, when ?
great!
What?
عالیییسس
Oh, this channel is still alive!
Dead game
Sweet
Cyberbug 2077 is back!
First
Hello
First
Thee audacity
A bit too late for this
This game is still alive?
Okay
This is beautiful shit, choomba  I am in history!!!
Finally
Lov U
Yes
Finally… when is the update I wonder
Finally.
First
Yo
Yay
First
First
Pog
TRASH GAME
bruh
First
Noo
Xbox  better
Noice
I’ll pass
First
Hmmm
Ayyyy
