There is only ONE word that could encapsulate the Honda Rune, FUGLY, looking AND FUGLY sounding
Hi FortNine. Saw this vid. Saw the WA plate. I’m pretty sure you’re a Canuck. If in Seattle, you should reach out.  Yeah, the TimBits give it away!!😬🏍️
Those saddle bags looks terrible.
Is that kid ok? 😂
Can you add Arabic language audio trak or captions.
шо за хня? - назва українською, мова чужа???
ts ugly
Beautiful bike and amazing clip!
Fantastic video. I’m now going to research “Runes for sale” but as a result of this video they will have doubled in price. Worth it, and thank you for being so damn entertaining!
The quality of your videos is another level mate.  Love every one
the christmas bullshit was too much, wanted to watch this
Hmmmm, art, amazing manufacturing, wonderful aspiration. Not for me, even if it was free!
The gall to drive such a magnificent machine in the disgusting Canadian winter
Prime example of why you dont let people borrow your motorcycles
I remember the advertisements for these as a kid. What a flashback
You cannot get more Canadian driving a rare Japanese cruiser on black icy roads and stopping for Tom-bits. Step to the head of the line you big balls son of a gun.
meanwhile harley sells shit for 5 times the price
Now thinking about it years later, There is no way they "lost" $255 million.  At the core, Goldwing engine and drivetrain.  Brakes from the bin.  New frame, tank, fenders, front suspension. They lost, but $225 million.
Leave out the distracting needless music You're trying to hard to produce an entertainment product.  I'm here for information and engine sounds not that.
why own something without using it??? never understood that.
Amazing bike, Honda will always have my respect
That bike looks like what Santa would drive the rest of the year.  Totally wrote that before the last clip. HAHAHA
Hands down the best motorcycle video I have ever seen,
My god I want one
Yet you can still buy them for about what they cost new those many years ago...
Clearly you should buy one to ride and one for parts in case any are needed, as new parts off the shelf are prohibitively expensive (if you could get them)
I'm not terribly certain I would ride this after a fresh snow.
Being an engineer and a petrolhead this sort of machines make me appreciate the creativity and talent of the engineers that design and manufacture such masterpieces
Even though I don’t even like this type of motorcycle design I have to say that this just looks magnificent the designers and engineers made something that I actually want it’s just too bad that I’ll never be able to own one
I bought a Honda Valkyrie Rune for $25K and sold it for $500 after mice nested in the air filter and it sucked pieces into the engine when I tried to start it. (It had other damage from my dropping it that would have cost $8000 to fix.) Couldn't find a motorcycle shop willing to work on it. Worst investment of my life. It was overpowered, had a significantly larger engine than my Honda Civic. I still thing a production bike that looked like a custom chopper was a good idea, but it wasn't cost effective. That being said, the Gold Wing that the Rune engine was borrowed from cost over $30K now.
its more about the teller than about the told
1:02 - bird's view of the tightest turn the Honda Valkyrie can take.
dude literally write a 20 box of tim bits as business expense
You would think a nice example would cost $150,000 today.  Better to invest in a manufacturer vs hoping a limited edition  would bring lots of cash in 30 years
It’s just so huge.
Love this bike. I had a first generation Valkyrie 2001 and loved it. What a smooth powerful ride.
I would love to own this bike, it would be a great winter commuter. My F650 turns into an ice skate on snow, I would kill to be able to ride all year long.
What a bike!  Ugliest aftermarket equipment ever created, though.
You crashed my rune to save a pizza??
the most 4-cylinder Corolla sounding thing on two wheels ever. adoribly horrendous <3
Chrysler motor vehicle
Looks dated not retro
what a nice story on a summersday
Thanks F9 😉  Thanks Honda 😊
So, souch a rare bike and you're driving it on salt covered roads? Through melted snow salt covered roads and the salt pond to wash it in ever bearing or crack that cant be cleaned unless its took apart maybe drive it out in the surf on the beach next time will be a cool video its all about the likes at the end of the day !! I can only wish of a pay day for doing somthing like that maybe 1 day I can dream at least !!
Welcome to the internet/youtube, where countless hours  of editing and latest tech are put into quick vids.
The Rune .. a mistake? Not at all! Honda knew exactly what they were doing.   Why did Honda build the Rune? Because Honda could. And that's how 'the King' reminds the world he is .. 'the King'. 'The King' of what you might ask? 'The King' of innovation, engineering, quality, reliability, longevity, and value .. globally.  And that's why Honda built the Rune.
ten???
Beautiful bike
Your video's are made in such an amazing way, DAMN
The Rune, NR750, and others in the RC series really shows Honda’s engineering prowess.
Every single video is a masterpiece
I fucking love this thing. It would be the perfect bike IMHO
We gotta put Ryan on a Brough Superior
Is it wrong I was hyper focused on WTH a TimBit was?
It’s simply fantastic.  Honda’s mistake was overestimating how many people would be cool enough to handle such a machine.
Jet engine compression blades are made in the same way as this thing's exhaust pipe...
1:40. Did he just call us "UNI" !?  A FortNine-ism. OK.
No one cares. Canada sucks ass.
Headlight designer had free range and was inspired by Edvard Munch’s “The Scream”…….which was appropriate given the reaction from the Honda CFO when he was told how much each Rune cost!
Was that "Rune" at the end of the advertisement the same design as the Runescape logo? The one with letters inscribed on pebbles.
This thing is an art deco masterpiece
Still don't get it....
I like  the GL engines, from '88 on up, and always wanted to make a cool bike out of one.     But...this ain't it.    I'm more of an aficionado of function, I pictures more of a muscle bike that handled.     The workmanship on this is nice, but it's just ugly. As was the Valkyrie.     I rode one when a mechanic at a Honda dealer. nope, not for me.
As impressive as the bike is, FortNine's pace, pauses, voice, editing and creative content is what impresses me. Superb work, Bravo!
The Mercedes grosser of motorcycles
That is Santa's summer ride and you know it.
Love this bike ❤
Fantastic
What are the pillions floorboards please?  I've seen one for sale that comes with a pillion seat (as well as stock) but doesn't appear to have rear pegs... Boards Def look more comfy.
Honda- What Dreams Are Made Of I saw one when they launched and vowed I would own one someday. I'm not dead yet, so the Dream lives on.
I feel the designer saw Akira
This guy's funny. Such a cool take and humorous approach to the amazing Rune!
Love your vids.
10:00 wtf are those cars
I not a bike person only owned a Yamaha  150cc fz but I do remember posters for this bike when I was a  kid
Already I have insane respect for Japanese engineers, for all their affordable, reliable and (usually) comfortable bikes. Yes, they may not always look amazing, with some exceptions, but looks like millions of bikers can live with that :) [as opposed to Italian POS that only looks good, but breaks down every 12 minutes] And here they went completely bonkers with this machine. Top quality, a bit controversial but epic nonetheless design, kind of limited practicality I guess, and I do believe there will be no issues with reliability. My respect went even higher. I would like to own one, but it's def out of my budget :) and yeah, very heavy bikes tend to not get used very often. The only thing that saddens me, is that again rich collectors are buying this machines to collect dust in garages, instead of enthusiast bikers that would abuse these in rain and snow :) I would love to see and pass (and hear) monsters like this on the road.
I cried watching it go through that muddy puddle
Haha you buddy lends you his bike and you use it for the winter so the snow and salt doesnt destroy your own bikes ?? You said it yoruself ryan ? 🤣🤣🤣
Wherre did he find the fucked up pizza cutter though?
this bike is sick you never see them
I got to see one in a small motorcycle museum a few years ago; it was absolutely beautiful. I would love to ride one.
You just KNOW somebody wanted “straight pipes” on their Rune and took a Saws-All to it….
Someday, when I run the Honda motorcycle corporation, I will BRING BACK THE COOLEST MOTORCYCLE EVER MADE! 🏍️
I WANT ONE , SANTA YOU HEAR ? ......IN BLUE please
I bought a 1976 BMW R90/6 for $3000 last year. Rhe carbs need to be rebuilt. I love it ! I also have a 1994 BMW K1100LT that I bought for $5k 10 years ago.
my goodness that thing sounds sexy
Great Video
e gads
A fellow I know owns one
Yes, I was very disappointed! As a concept bike it was OK, but the classic Valkyrie F6C would have been a best seller for Honda with just the new engine!
They didn't lose any money, the wrote it off on their taxes...thus they lost $0, while at the same time they produced a product that is outside of box.
My boss owned one of these. I got to ride it up the PCH. It was fun. In truth, didn't seem all that special, but it was beautiful, that much is for sure. Total quality.
"Honda doesn't make mistakes" - Jason Camissa
"Like a rented husky."  Beauty.
They weigh 800lbs, not 1000. 880 with fuel.
Couldn't they have hydroformed that muffler?
I used to change motorcycle tyres etc for a job, and the Rune wasn't a bike I enjoyed see roll up. Only one of Orange County choppers was worse to work on (stacks of building washers for wheel spacers). Their American flag chopper. What a p.o.s. Luckily hardly anybody has a Rune. The wheels weigh so much!
Hawaiian ?!? I am so disappointed.
Never thought I’d see a bike that looks like Aunt Fanny from robots
Not hardly.  Best bike ever devized😂
Hey, great film. An absolutely genus P.R. stunt. One that continues to live on. I'm not sure what P.R. costs, but it doesn't seem bad value to me. An unbelievable machine, the world is a richer place for its existence....and what a baller company. Go Honda! Peace.
Videos or pictures don't do this bike justice.  I instantly fell in love with it, when i saw it for the first time, until I was told the price by the owner.  He had just bought it the previous week.  Still the gentleman was kind enough to let me take it for a spin, at which point I got a woody.  Nimble ... keep in mind I'm only 160 pounds ... like I was riding a 250cc trainer bike, yet powerful as hell; damn near close to perfect.  It rides just as well as it looks, like a MV Agusta 1000cc, without the pucker factor.  At no time did I fear for my life.  I was in control, not the bike.  Maybe in hindsight I should have shelled out the $30K.  Regrets?  Yeah, I've had a few and here is one of them.  Thank u sir.
First time i saw a rune was at a bike night last year and it was an absolute show stopper. In the same red as the ones in the video, it got all few hundred of the people there's attention because theres simply nothing else like a rune
Beautiful bike, I want one
This looks so out of character for Honda but also so in character.
There's one pearl white available for purchase and am really tempted, but at the same time, I'd be scared to ride it daily. Not because of price of parts, but because of their availability. I'd hate to scratch it somewhere and then not be able to fix it.
Quality content.  Stunning "fancy Goldwing?"❤
you would have to have a few dollars in your pocket in order to possess one.
I worked at a bike shop as a mechanic. I test rode every bike I touched.  I changed the oil and filter on, and  rode the Rune once. I lost my sunglasses on that ride. Didn't even care, never felt so cool on a bike.  Runner up was my father's old Harley Davidson Sportster chopper custom. RIP Rory.
Recently getting my license I thought getting a Rocket 3 I. The future would be the pinnacle of my future collection. Now my gals have changed.
Honda, we'll make back that $225 Million on replacement parts.
Lost wax casting.  What a waste
Repugnant styling. It’s the Hillary Clinton of motorcycles. Convince me otherwise
I would just like to complement you on a great channel. Your content and videos are first class. 👍
One of the few examples of an extremely expensive corporate passion project that's just excellent all around without being an egocentric paperweight
Love the video but the bike is just fugly
I always wanted one, but was too young (broke) when they came out.  Actually found two or sale recently and am torn.  I think that Honda knocked it out of the park... but for the rear fender.
I want a Rune so bad....
Why haven't you talked about the VMAX 1200?
WHO in their RIGHT MIND would even consider such a RIDUCULOUS USELESS motorcycle....that is IMHO
I would love for Honda to keep making such gems. I miss exciting Hondas.
Honda wanted to show the world what they can do when engineering is properly fusioned with art & money is no object. They created a true masterpiece in terms of both engineering & art.
Beutiful artistic motorcycle .
The "lost method of casting" isnt lost its pretty common and is a very cool way of making the molds.
Loved the video.... And now the Rune is one of my favorites
this bike has the bags...... ruins the look for me
My all time dream bike
Riding a Rune up Cypress in the snow.  Ballzy man.
Kinda looks like a sled.
Dam that bike is ugly, i like the headlight, the seat and the engien, ....  naa, only headlight and seat
beautiful machine
You are absolutely insane for riding that Rune in the snow, let alone just riding it! It's like a museum piece. But of course you conclude with that last line
I'll always love that the Rune looks like it came straight out of a comic book.
The Rune was the bike Orange County Choppers wish they could make but are too inept to make them run just as good.
Had the opportunity to ride one when they came out, if I had seen this I probably wouldn’t have!
Wow! ❤
Such a beutiful looking bike, but at the same time,  aunt fanny who?
I come back to this video time to time, because that thing is a fine piece of art that should be at louvre, rather than the stupid mona lisa
My dad had one when I was a kid. Shipped it between New Zealand and Australia. I told myself I’d never ride, it’s too dangerous. I’m getting my first bike this week and my appreciate for the car on two wheels only keeps growing. What a bike, especially in purple.
I was managing the setup shop at a Honda dealer when these cam out. We were one of the first dealers East of the Mississippi to have one and my job was final assembly, and PDI which included a couple of test rides. . It's an intimidating machine until you ride it, then its just mind blowing. Bottomless torque and amazing handling for a machine its size.
Thanks for the information. I have the same bike 2004
I don't like it.  It's not for me.  But it's something special.  And it kills me to see that special motorcycle being ridden in the salt and snow.
It is an intriguingly attractive bike for some reason.
Step 1: Open F9 video. Step 2: Like F9 video. Step 3: Click play.
I would love to get one of these one day. I am a fan of the burgundy one though I think my girl would probably want a black one. But, maybe I’m wrong with this but I thought I heard somewhere that they were two separate handlebar styles. One pulled further back toward the writer. Does anybody know if that’s correct I might just making something up?
I love it but I think Honda just wanted a big tax right off, and give the proverbial 🖕🏼to every other 2&4 wheel manufacturing company, in perfect Honda style. They’ve done similar things in their 4 wheel market as well…
As a KLR owner every time I watch these great videos I still get PTSD about that oil drain bolt vs rock thing...lol
The modern CBX?
This video is highly explosive with delicious information about the Honda Rune. And you Sir, are the most excellent of teachers.
Just seen one near Edmonton go up for sale at $19,000. It has 14,000km in the clock.
That has to be best looking bike I have seen.
With Honda remarkable engineering prowess they chose to make one of the ugliest bikes I have ever seen, short of any Orange County pieces of atrocities
I just love this!
best video yet!!!
I have see this bike and this is a legendary bike ever crafted and created just for the pleasure of riding and seeing you and park it in your bedroom and look at it for hours ❤
I need one ❤
Was that lake cowichan tim Horton
That is the ugliest bike I've ever seen.
An old guy that sells luxury cars said the same, he drives a peculiar Alfa that could be left in a museum but he takes on mountain roads and has the time of his life.
There was one used for sale at my local bike dealer. I had a hayabusa at the time and while they were servicing it, I saw the Rune, sitting by itself but taking up most of the showroom floor. It was stunning except it was purple. A couple years later, I had a BMW r90/6 that needed a rear wheel mounted. The purple Rune was still there.  I’m haunted by the mystery of wether it was bought then resold to the same dealership or if it had simply sat for 2 years.
I saw one of these in the flesh in June 2024 in Wales.  While it is not my cup of tea for a bike I would ride it did look amazing, and knowing what went into making it is was even more so.
Way easier to build my 79 Z750 for 10 completely custom to fit me, rather than buy some insane engineering heavy bike
I find the front wheel way too small it bothers me
There's one for sale 30 miles for me for 50k...
That tank is literally a penis enlargement xD
You could spend more than twice as much on a crappy bike from OCC that you can't even ride.
Your friend has actually managed to find a way to make an ugly as sin rear end, look even worse...  the hell are those bags catching exhaust heat...
Uh oh.. don’t show Shadetree this video
Who let the editor cook💥
The Ruin was built to show off and they did just that. Profit was never a factor.
I hope you spent the next week detailing the heck out of that amazing pice of engineering art.  Cool video.
God, that fork is filthy.   Not at all my Thing, but I love it when a bike company (and let's be honest, it's usually Honda) let their designers completely off the chain and let them get weird with it.
Dont think Honda considers this thing a "mistake", they knew they were going to lose money on it from the beginning.
Just discovered this channel. These videos have Old top gear quality.
Beautiful bike.   Are you wearing electrically heated gear here?  😮  Or are you guys up there by the Arctic Circle just used to the cold?
I saw a used one for sale last year at my local honda dealer for $10k. It was a the purplie/blue version. Pretty insane they were made 19 years ago.
I've been stuck at the 7:50 mark for the past 10 mins. If anyone has any idea how to finish this video let me know.
This has got to be one of the top 5 most collectible Hondas.
Mfer... Now I love this bike. I want one.
I want to believe someone owns a Rune and an LFA
That's a pretty sexy machine, and not just for a cruiser
I started laughing the moment Ryan sat on the desk with a mac part. I'd recognize that video from a mile away
the Valkyrie's hotter older sister, Honda took an already rad bike and let the design team craft it into a 2 wheeled masterpiece, and then in defiance of every bean counter to ever work at the company they sold it for only $27,000, we need *this* Honda back we need wild shit like this in the market again and more companies willing to just say "fuck it build the concept"
He speaks an US Dialect? When which? Or is that normal US-English? Gretings from Germany😁
Speaking of weird bikes can someone do a video on the Honda NM4?
im sorry but the honda rune is not a failure, If anything it shows the integrity of the company and that they truly care and love their customers.
Nice pizza, Ryan.
Piece of art, well done Honda
anyone remember then Honda NM4 Vultus? Another strange honda bike.
It looks like orchestra - clarinets, trumpets and drums on wheels
Great video as always. Honda wasn't just insane in building this, but stupid to boot.
Can't unsee the uncanny resemblance to stingy from lazytown
I WANT ONE !!!!!
new dream bike acquired
Thanks for the Conan reference.
This video was kind of painful to watch... Watching you ride through that puddle, and even in the snow... Like someone putting a Picasso in the dishwasher.
video starts at 1:40. youre welcome
I’m 84 years old and my last bike was a 1957 BSA Gold Flash.  But if I saw a Rune for sale locally I think I would throw all caution to the wind.  Buy it and ride into the sunset.  In 1958 I saw a Vincent Shadow at a club meet and thought it was the most beautiful bike I had ever seen.  Now I put a second bike on the pedestal.
How they were allowed to spend that much in design and manufacturing setup i don't know .
looks like  whorehouse on wheels!  🤣
wish they could keep producing these. make it the rolls royce of motorcycles and charge a proper price for it.
Sage indeed . L gooru
Hey i have the same identical stove😅
Rune Zune
i only wish they did something like this for the masses. sure, less expensive materials, but keep the look and the specs please.
Its too beautiful and unique to be called a mistake.
For some reason I love this bike - saw one many years ago while on holiday in Lake Powell.  It's even better in the flesh than pictures.  I am not really a fan of cruisers, but this creation is high quality Art.
I can’t believe I get to watch this for free
FortNine - pissing on all other automotive channels since 2016.
what an ugly thing
Quite right!  Bikes are to ride.
That's the most ridiculous bike I've ever seen. Puts the Led Wing in the shade.
Replacement costs:  laughable nowadays.  Regular BMW-parts (in plastic) are even worse ...
Would love to see you do a video on the fury and it's daughters the stateline saber and interstate
I dunno…. To me, a monstronsity like this defeats the entire point of a motorcycle.
Most beautiful bike ever made.
Brought to you by the same Team who Designed my Cadillac XLR.  You have to really want one to buy one and then maintain it for 20 years.
So... why not make SOME MORE of it?
HORRIBLE FORMAT
Bugatti claims they lost a million each time they sold a veyron
I have never seen one, but then again I was not looking until now.
Things got an ass like aunt fanny from the movie robots.
I'm sorry, I've ridden a Honda Dream 300. This isn't a Honda Dream!
jay leno rides hes all the time .Gotta love jay for that
Just for  Love  (QMS)
Was the only bike I regret not getting when I had the chance.  Truly missed the boat
This is one of the best motorcyclea ever made
canadian pizzas are disgusting. you are an artist. love from italy.
Ah tim hortons, these guys must be from      australia
I saw one in person, once...and it was gorgeous.
Gash , Absolutely horrible
Beautifully filmed & edited.
This bike has a Art Deco vibe looking at it.
That bike is ugly AF
At 6'9, some high bars on a Rune might actually get me on a bike that doesn't look like a grizzly bear riding a roller skate. Aw well, I probably oughta see one in real life first.
I saw one of these parked up while I was out grocery shopping over the weekend. I knew it was a gorgeous bike, but I had no idea how special. Just stumbled upon this video completely by chance. Wish I took some pictures with it now!
Wow!  I'd ride that, if I could.
If you want to look like the biggest oddball bizarro weirdo just ride around one of them!🥳🤮😖
Pineapple pizza!!! Sacrilege!!
Ok, now I want it
Wow!! That's a very very cool video!! By the way, I am fortunate to own one exactly like that (without cargo and long seat). Awesome video man! Congratulations!!
You try way too hard or your narration.
this shouldve stayed a tradeshow prototype lol
Amen, stuff is only cool if you can do cool shit with it. Bikes deserve to be ridden.
i wanna see how this bike would look when GHOST RIDER sit on it.........that would be mad
Awesome video !😁
This video helped inspire me to get a '98 Valkyrie... time to live the dream of caring for 6 carbs and listening to 6 pistons fire each at once.
I think they’re cool. I’m sure they’re reliable. Fairly weird, and not something to look to hard for reasons to explain, but I like them. And they work. So.
I loved that machine the moment I laid eyes on one. Literally, a blending of form and function, leaning to form.
Where tf do you find a perfectly paved, perfectly de-iced and perfectly cleared road in the middle of winter and 10 inches of snow all around? How much did yall spend just for that opening shot?
Like the LFA, it's an automotive work of art that's also a daily rider IF you wanted. Kudos to honda for doing something for the thrill of it rather than the bottom line.
Still today the design of Vakyrie is the most gorgeous of all motorcycle design
not a mistake a feat of engineering
Now I want one
I always think they're awesome to look at. It's always impressive to see what they can build. Just not one I would use.
This is the w124 mercedes if it ate shit sales wise.
they prolly made it too reduce their profit tax
I'm not even a car or motorcycle person but this guy looks gorgeous
Now i need to get my license and buy one.. damn!!!!
this video is a piece of art
They made a bike because they love the idea of motorcycles not to turn a profit. That will never happen again.
It is a work of art, no matter how much of a sales flop it is. Rune, especially the Valkyrie, is one of the most beautiful motorcycles ever made.
I bought my first bike from a guy I used to ride with who owned a Valkyrie and wanted a Rune so badly.  They never appealed to me; they're big, bulky, and just not really my style of bike but I can admit they were well-made and handled nicely.  I heard he finally got one and though I never got to ride with him, I hope he enjoyed it.
Are we all collectively gonna pretend this bike isnt ugly?
Your videos are first class productions. Amazing
The front end reminds me of the front ends on Lambrettas & Vespas
💯 my first bike was a 2017 CRF450R. Go Big Red
Its a insanely beautiful bike
I wonder the odds this WA plated example is the one I sat on in 2005 in Spokane as I was picking up my FJR? It looked made of unobtanium then...and even more surreal now with the classic FortNine treatement.  Thanks dude!
Cost 150k per bike to make sold for $25 grand each , grab one if you find it and put it in the shed.  Your looking at the Doosenburg of the motorcycle world 🌎
What we wanted was the classic Valkyrie with the 1800cc and fuel injection.
Never heard of or seen one.. But i stopped riding late 90’s
Hats off to riding such a bike in snow
Merry Christmas to you and your team Ryan
What good is owning a dream thing, if you don’t live the dream! Very true!
This channel is in a motorcycling class of its own.
i saw one on old bike market in vietnam with 21000km being sold for like 45grand im not kidding i can try to find the link again if you call cap  found it it even cheaper now it 35grand
Absolutely stunning motorcycle. Maybe it isn’t super practical, but it’s one hell of an art piece.
7:30 "Buff'eh'" 😂 It's little subtle injections of tongue-in-cheek humour like this that make this channel. Never change, lads.
if pagani made bikes
i own a fully road legal, highway capable honda motorcycle that cost me 1/3 the price of the radiator. only honda would do this, and kawasaki would do similar but on the other end of the looks/performance scale. like the H2. NO european manufacterer would ever do something like this for the community. On the contrary,  theyll overcharge for a worse made bike
Thre`s not such a thing like "too much art" ... unless is Art Deco. I think Honda went just too artsy whith this one.
How many of us have carried a pizza in our lap like that. More times than I want to admit to.  And not just one at a time.
I'd love to see you guys do one on the Honda VTX 1800.  The bike that kicked off the power cruiser market.
i love the ending !
this is the bmw z8, but without the flaws
the best of best motorcycle production in history
The great honda ❤️‍🔥🌟🌟
Honda had to have something to spend there massive profits on? and it appears that they did just that. after all you can't have a butt load of money just lying around.
I haven’t ridden a motorcycle in over 50 years, and come from the bicycle world, but I recently discovered FortNine and am fascinated.  Your straightforward way of explaining the engineering, humorous manner, and high production values are wonderful. (Best for me to live the motorcycle life vicariously at my advanced age.)
This video and channel is so very, very good.
I think you’re an ass for bashing on the katana! 😤
I saw one of these for sale at the Honda dealers on 1st avenue, Burnaby.  Now I understand why it was so pricey.  Interesting idea but not my cup of tea.
I see there are some for sale at around $20,000. Surprised they haven't become uber pricey collector's items.
I came across this channel.  I have zero interest in bikes but the quality of the production and content meant I just watched 10 minutes of YouTube first thing on Monday morning when I should be working!
Honda will always be king
he took 00:01 to 00:012 seen from the anime initial D
It will be mine. Oh yes, it WILL be mine.
Love your room decor.
"Own Experiences" may be some of the best advice I've heard anywhere!
I’ve got the same bike only put 7200 miles on it and it’s still magnificent, Have it next to my other collectibles😎💨💨💵GQ 💯
ahh the Rune... the dream bike I will never own
I would like them to do a quality test of the materials and the bike in general.  From the new Chinese companies: QJ motor, Moto morini, CF moto.  Voge, etc.
i saw one today at bald hill , south of sydney australia , i bet i never see another  !!!
It is a good looking bike.
Wish my dad had a bike, I'm the one converting everyone over to this dangerous but fun pass time
Calling the headlight a foot long and the tank 32 inches is so weird now, even as an American I'm confused when I hear imperial measurements. now, just because ive qirked on japanese cars and bike for sonlong now
If I were a rich man one would be in the collection.
Yes..... but, why so devastatingly unattractive?
"The lamentations of the women and children." 🤣
For the one who own one, hold tight. The value is just climbing every year. Just work of art. Great video, thanks!
I always felt whoever made the final decision to put this in production should have been drug tested. Ive never been able to appreciate it. Maybe i never understood it.
The most Canadian video
the editing on this is fire.
Reminds me of what Toyota did when they decided to make the LFA
I rode a Rune for a few hours. I loved it. Huge torque just off idle. Great brakes and handling. The sound reminded me of one of the old air cooled 6 cylinder Porches. And as you mentioned, NO PLASTIC! The 1837 cc Gold Wing engine is just bulletproof and the King of reliability.
I remember watching a Honda commercial where a guy riding a rune is sliding through shallow water in SLO mo. My cousin said"I want one!"
I know you aren't a car guy...but I think you would appreciate and do a great video on the VW Phaeton....since nobody else has yet.
I've always wanted one.
The only Japanese motorcycle that truly achieved the cooler than cool look is the legendary Kawa Z1900.
perfect video- just what i needed! XMAS
They set out to make something beautiful, and they made something BEAUTIFUL
I’m an old Harley Rider and collector who totally agrees with your philosophy! If you don’t use it you will never know. Great video, I have a friend who has one and we have swapped rides during several trips so I have ridden one and didn’t even know about all of the “exclusive fluff” like the book existed. Thanks again for the video from a very old rider who can’t walk very well but still rides! Today was a great ride.
I want to hang out with Ryan.
Kudos to Honda for building some model cars and motorcycles at a loss just because they can.
Your videos are second to none! A work of art, made to review another work of art!
Wing is king. Not matter how fancy it is. And the Rune is king among kings.
Honda got exactly what they were trying to build. A bike without a purpose or direction  or style, or looks. It looks like what it is. A bunch of parts designed by commitee, arranged to resemble a motorcycle. This gem is so desirable and rare, that in the last thirty years, Ive heard scores of nobody wanting one. If I were given one, it would definitely Rune my day.
So I get why they don't want to make that exhaust ever again, but that front fork doesn't look like it'd be that much more expensive than a normal one. Especially not compared to what cruisers and tourers already cost. If it makes the bike so stable, it's strange we don't see it more often.
great video, writing and cinematography is amazing
"a buddy of mine left for uni and left me his $27000 unicorn"  ...WHAT?!
The videos fortnine is producing are cinema grade
Basically just an stupidly expensive Goldwing you cant get parts for.
I respect it, but there is no denying:... That is one big bubble butt!
What a beast, a work of ART .
When I was a child I always wantef one of these bikes. It's just so cool looking.
this thing like most jap bikes is silly. Silly. I mean above and beyond ridiculous. Who would want to even be seen on this thing.
that is insane, two grand for a LIGHT? I just replaced the custom tail light on my bike, it cost a TENNER, shipped.
An Art Deco nightmare!
i never understood why honda build that horrible ridiculous motorcycle
Wtf is that fork lol
I started watching your channel mostly for the videograpy quality of your videos, but now I feel like I'm falling for the motorcycles too.
This is like the EMS Synthi 100 of motorcycles!
Just saw a beautiful one on craigslist...22k ..
That is the angry-animal-est bike exhaust I think I’ve ever heard. Holy crap.
Great, great video, again.
How fortunate you are to have the experience of owning such a magnificent machine.
Hola puedes poner este video en español plis
With shots this beautiful you should make movies not a YouTube channel
damn i got tensed up just seeing you ride in the winter landscape. that black ice is so dangerous. :)  beautiful shot though
Nice
And then they spent three fiddy on the TV advert?
Honda is one of few brands that can actually "make mistakes", can experiment! And I'am glad for that, because it is the right message. And when it gets right, makes a lot of money to finance other experiments. I believe it is one of the premisses of its founder Soichiro Honda. Honda Rune is one of a kind motorcycle, those six cilinders... I wish I had one.
The most artistic review I've ever seen! Well done! And Rune really deserves this!
Mate, your comments and narration are beyond epic! I laugh out loud every time. Brilliant, Mate. -- Andy
Hands down one of the ugliest things to ever roll on two wheels.  Why they didn't just continue the normal Valkyrie is beyond me. That thing was beautiful.
Not remotely interested in the rune. But as with every video… enticed and enjoyed!
I actually saw one of these recently.  It wasn't that bad but certainly was a matter of taste. It was over styled.
A video as painstaking as the machine.  Props.
I sat on  and balanced one  at the honda tent in 2004 at barber motorsport track. Did not even realize how rare it was at the time.  I was 18, felt huge
If you are lucky enough to buy one, buy a second one for parts. :)
I know a person who bought three of these for investing I wonder how that turned out in 2005
That's a beautiful thing
I remember when my local dealer got one.  I would have bought it right then, except I was told that "massive diaper" was the only rear fender option, so I passed.  That kind of money for a bike that starts with interesting, artistic ideas and ends with an Arlen Ness look-a-like diaper?   Nah.  I was good.
Got to be the most beautiful failure in motorcycle history. It is like a work of art from the Gugenheim museum that you can actually ride. Way to go Honda!
If there was every a takeaway from one of Ryan's videos, hell, ANY video it's his parting words...  "What good is owning a dream thing if you don't live the dream? Own experiences"  ❤
"But if you twist its tiddy"
That's a long bike, almost as long as my 50cc Scooter
Your vids are another level man !!! Appreciate the hard work and passion u put in em !!
I own, and have logged about 150K miles on a GL1500 Valkyrie.  Think of it as a 60s era muscle car.  I've logged a couple of thousand miles on someone else's Rune, think of it as a modern Corvette.  The level of refinement is night and day.  The bike was just a joy to ride.  That particular bike developed a noise.  It took me a few minutes of circling around and going up/down to pinpoint the location.  I told the owner that a bearing inside the case (clutch side of the bike) was gone, and that bearing supported the alternator drive (internally) to where the alternator was mounted to the bike's exterior.  Without telling the dealership what I'd said, they confirmed the diagnosis and the engine was removed, case split to effect the warranty repair.  I was pretty pleased with my diagnostic efforts on that one.  After doing a couple of maintenance jobs on that bike for the owner, I told him I refused to work on it anymore.  There is no simple way to work on things.  You have to dig through layers of parts to gain access to what you want to work on.  Even bleeding the brakes requires more than one sized wrench for the different bleeder nipples.  Prior to the Rune's release, the Valkyrie was voted "Cruiser of the Decade", and for good reason.  Honda's star shone brightly in those days.
I don't understand collectors that buy bikes or cars just to look at them or as investment.  It's boring.
I was just trying to see a review on this wild looking bike but what did i find? A film masterpiece
"Own  experiences; live the dream".  Wise words.  Many thanks.
What made all of this unbelievable is the pineapple on that "pizza"... You never put pineapple on a pizza. NEVER.
We have one in our shop right now with a 6-exit exhaust on it, it sounds insane and is in mint condition.
That is…ugly…very ugly.
You are so entertaining keep up the good work. 🇬🇧😅
Riding when theres snow on the ground. Canadians are bonkers
I need to know can I upsize my ninja 400 tires one size bigger?
Man that thing is hideous, it's so gaudy and and over done, it's like the motorcycle version of the Wagon Queen Family Truckster
Lols the backend is something that only a mother could love
Y U RUNE KLASSIK?!?
That thing is so gorgeous! I was hoping he'd say that you could inexplicably get one for cheap...
that is insane about the 5000 year old clay practice thank you for informing me
... to me a motorcycle has to be either very mobile or fast. When i see such a heavy chopper i start wondering "Why though?" I bet it's really cool to drive though:)
I feel like I'm watching TV... i don't watch shows on YouTube but i watch your stuff from beginning to the end because you make them so well.
Looks better than any Harley
I owned a 2014 Valkerye  for  four years. I got it new with 1 mile on it. Yes it's  not the rune.  But basically  the same thing. I traded it back to the same dealer at 10,000 miles. For some unknown  reason, the bike would decide to not run.  I traced the problem to vapor locking, because  of ethanol in the fuel sold in South  Arizona.  Honda and other experts on the 1832 motor had no idea  why.  So, I traded it in on a 2014 cb 1100 f. This bike is flawless. And dead nuts reliable.  Good riddance  to the car on two wheels.
“There’s more to life than books you know…but not much more.”  Morrissey   😬🥶Tossing *that* book🥶😬
The lamentations of women and children was great
'...but if you twist it's titty...'  😆
It looks like something outta Star Wars episode 1
I’ve never wanted a cruiser. Especially a Japanese one. Until now…
I would be far too scared to ride this bike.
What a stupid looking bike. :D
Honda completely Runed it.
Ryan, once again, you and the team have produced a motoworld masterpiece! Even the brief length of the video is genius. I felt as if you invited me to dinner at your home. You served a wonderful first glass of wine, and having my taste buds awakened, you passed me a plate filled with a tasty hors d'oeuvre. Humming to myself my delight, I begin to imagine the next course, sampling a truly wonderful entree'.  Yet, my reverie fades as I hear you say, "Well, my friend, I hope you have enjoyed our evening, however, thats all I have time for tonight, but please come again." As you extend your arm toward the front door, I am confused, and sad, but too polite to complain about this unexpected interruption. I don't want to say anything to appear ungrateful, or which might prevent a subsequent invitation, so I simply smile understandingly, saying, "Thank you, Ryan," and leave quietly. Outside under the twinkling stars of the cold Canadian night I sit astride the comfy seat of my puny 250 Virago and reflect on the evening so far. "Man! That was awesome." Then I click her into first gear and ride slowly down your driveway feeling, no longer sad, but truly blessed. Why? Just because I know you. At the end of your driveway,  I turn right onto the street and as I twist the throttle I imagine I am the proud owner, not of a puny 250 Virago, but of a mighty magnificent Rune!
Competition for the BMW R1800. Oh wait, nobody wants them either except for the old man from Darcy and the old man.
how can your videos be so good and funny at the same time
It may have been a financial "mistake" but they did something great.
One of the ugliest, most awkward-looking motorcycles ever created. Horrid.
It is beautiful.
The Valkyrie was already one of the most ice-cold cool bikes on earth. If there were a thermometer for cool bikes, the Valkyrie Rune would be the goalpost: 0°K
Too funny unless it's true, then it is comedy platinum gold24.4 ct. I found you pretty funny.
They say that the Rune is so heavy and so awkward to ride that they all have tip over damage.
Ok but 3d print the parts instead and it might be great
Special. Truly special.
Like some weird Judge Dredd bike for the common biker. 😄👍
I'm glad you drive it instead of just possess it. I used to own a 1995 Porsche 993 and drove it year-round in Minnesota. That Porsche AWD worked just fine in blizzards, thank you very much, and the fact 99% of its brethren were hiding in heated garages just made the driving that much more fun.
I have always liked these bikes and all my harley buddies laughed at me😢 well I don't care I like what I like
The first gen Valkyrie is the perfect compromise. I'll never sell mine.
Went to that Tim's in North Van every work day for almost ten years; the "handling" course is about 5 minutes away. Amazing bike, superb production and great seeing the neighbourhood as backdrop.
This makes twice, I have heard you quote the same epic Conan line...Great work by the way!!
I wanted one of these so bad when I first saw it. It rode like a dream even on rough surfaces and felt like a turbo jet. It was just too big to fit in my bike garage.
How are you not afraid of ice on the road?
That stove. It’s now in my mind “the fort nine stove” and I want one. 👍🏽
LMAO on the T-T twister.
I'll stick with my Valkyrie. And my Fury.   Both of which took shit from the moto press
A gross , fat , ugly shitbox . The sort of stuff American dreams are made of .
"Manufacturing value per bike is $150000”...cut to riding through a puddle. Brilliant.
I'd love to have one....  Definitely A step above the.  " valkyrie..."   If you're not in the u.s.a. you'll probably never see one...   Built in America for Americans and was not exported....  ?
good shit but learn how to drive you wont...
I too owned a Rune, very similar to yours including the panniers and like you I chose to have mine as a daily rider, too good not to ride. OH the memories!
It came out too early, should have waited for like 2016
Why are you driving this expensive bike on icy roads??
Prettiest motorcycle ever made
Like this bike
Art? It's hideous 😂
thats  one ugly bike holly jumpin jessus christ
"Own experiences" literally killed all of the buyers remorse I was feeling about my Fazer that I couldn't really afford but bought anyway. Thanks Fortnine
I have solution  buy 2. One for collection and one for experience. You can even say that you saved ¼ million 😊
Judge Dredd wants his bike back.
How do you even get insurance on one of those?  Also, WTF did I just see in that last second???
Vanity project I'm afraid
Yeah, as with others I think this is pretty admirable. Honda doing something as higher goal  and technology, rather than money.  It's art.  The thing is, as they are so unusual and there is so very few of them, their price will hold and they should be expensive collectors items in the future.
I thought Hayabusa was the ugliest thing on two wheels
Honda built an exceptional private jet (HondaJet) because their engineers were bored and wanted a challenge.  This bike does not surprise me.  The only unfortunate thing is that it was built before there were so many "money no object" people; otherwise they could have sold them all for 250k each and made a profit.
O_O
If you've ever built up a bike, or 10, you see a Rune, and it's a work of art to aspire to. Gorgeous.  You would have a hard time approaching its beauty. It's too big for my tastes, but , those aesthetics...
The Rune. The Super Magna. The CBX. Honda isn't making mistakes building these bikes. We're making a mistake by not buying them.
If there is a meeting of the Rune club, would that make it a Rune-scape?
Magic.... Just magic.
Dude,you are a genius of explaining.Seriously.
i have some old tools from the 1920s that were my great grandfathers. they all work and i use them. try finding a 8 hex socket some time. lol  yes they are antique but they were made to be used and to build things. they also feel great in my hands. i feel that i am doing what the makers wanted when they made them.  the Rune is the same. i don't respect custom bikes or cars that don't have rock chips in the paint. motorcycles are working art.
This channel is underrated.
And after another 2 months, I FINALLY got to see, and hear, my friend's Rune......My god I can not believe this work of art was made by Honda, but I am so very glad they did it! And, my friend LOVES his bike. He has already ridden it more this season than his normal Valkyrie!
Great, now I've got a craving for Timbits. Cheers
Only Fortnine can make me feel normal😢 even I own a Rocket 3 full custom by my self 😅
Very nice and special bike
I owned one bike mut whole life at it almost ended me,this short production on the Rune fascinated me.But it abruptly ends!Passes me off
And of course Bikes and Beards saw this video
Saying all that I wouldn't be riding on the daily especially in snow looks like you won't be finding a replacement if you were to wipe it out
Reminds me of a sugar bear front end
That’s the ugliest bike ever made, why anyone would want to buy one baffles me.
Still sitting on a Rune with its stretched frame necessitating those goofy handlebars makes you look like riding a minitractor/cultivator.  Proportion-wise the seat is way too high given the lenght of the vehicle.
Dropping s Rune on the side means either living with the scratched exhaust forever — or buying a second Rune just for spare parts 🥲
I love hondas, but those saddle bags have to go!!!
It was before its time i think.
The pizza cutter example was brilliant
Ever since I bought my '97 Valkyrie I've wanted a Rune!
As someone who never rides a motorcycle; this is the best content on YouTube!
Great show . I would like a go on one but at the same time I do not like the looks of the Rune at all.
so the money "lost" on this bike should be seen as an investment into their brand and image. what an absolute work of art
$225 million?  Sounds like an accounting fake for a write off.  It uses a Gold Wing power train.
Bring a Trailer thanks you for resurrecting a sales deadbeat on the secondary auction market! LoL
😂😂😂fabulous 😂😂😂😂
Saw one yesterday for the first time, my jaw dropped, every aspect of it aesthetically was a masterpiece of engineering and artistic impression, it was just beautiful and perfect !! and totally bonkers!!
Even if I didn't like motorcycles, I would still watch your vids because you're so funny and quick. And the editing is good.
Just an incredible bike,, wow iam speechless.
you forgot to mention how "concept" bikes are designed by ARtistes , , non (never have,never will) riders!   Never mind the fact that it is (always will be) BUTT UGLY  👀  IMHO (a rider of 62 years and several Gold wings)
So you use our idioms, our metric system, you have similar sensibilities...Why do you drive on the wrong side of the road?
Maybe I'm tripping out but i feel helmet shapes are actually regionally refined. My Arai Renegade-V that i brought from Japan fits my head perfectly with no discomfort, unfortunately being Austrians the JIS standard wasn't excepted for use so had to purchase the same helmet bearing the ECE standards which was only recently excepted here in Australia. Straightaway I had some pressures points but have learn to live with it.
Honda makes boring bikes... Honda makes cool bike, no one buys Honda returns to what sells Honda make boring bikes SOYFACE when Yamaha or Suzuki makes something minor
What a hideous looking bike
If Honda Japan built a bike @ $150,000 apiece and sold it for $27,000 just to make a statement then all power to Honda! I wish Honda India had half this class. In India we equate 'Made in Japan' with 'Made in China', shitty people with shitty products.
"Fat bottomed girls,make the rockin' World go round"
That thang is butt-ugly……
A very COLD RIDE
This bike would be fun if half the weight.
That says it all. Superb example.
If Honda considered this a mistake,you have to wonder what they're capable of when they're doing it right....
Awesome video... I know these existed but have never seen one in person anywhere...
For all of you that have seen this video and still think that Harley is better you are as dumb as it gets.
When this first appeared it instantly made all those Custom Chopper builders look stupid! Heck, it even rode properly. If anything it looks even more beautiful today. In fact I'm struggling to think of a more beautiful Motorcycle, ever!
Less than one per dealer ...... soooooo...........i had to go to two dealers to get one ??? I ' m still waiting for 0.4 of a child also ...
F150’s have had a mustang engine since 2011. They pull really nicely. 0-60 in 6 seconds.   Shoulda said a Silverado. They are more like the trucks of yesteryear
holy shit the camera work and EDITING is so good! give that guy or gal a raise
The Rune is big and gorgeous.
What an ugly bike! lol
And here I was thinking 50 degrees (10 Celsius for the European in us) is cold and he rides with 3 feet of snow on the side of the road 😂
The real tragedy of the Rune is that's a reminder of how cool a Honda cruiser based of the Goldwing could really be, but never will exist, just because.
Just sell a few Jets and recoup.
I currently have a 1986 Yamaha Virago xv1100 and a 1992 Suzuki vs800. I bought both of them because they were cheap. Harleys are just too expensive for poor guys like me.  Both are fairly reliable bikes though I've had weird issues with the Suzuki.  My favorite bikes were the in line 4s of the 70s. I wish Honda was still selling new cb550s.
Excellent! Excellent! Excellent video!!  Thank you for an amazing piece of artwork!
For me the back end of that beast is damn ugly! Each to their own.
I know a guy who has a rune and he loves it
And to me it look like an ugly yak.
Damn!
Just going through all the old Fortnine videos to see which ones I haven't commented on. Insert generic comment here
It's so ugly that hurts...
It's a bit of a munter.
100 years from now people will still be drooling over the RUNE. Like a Vincent Black Shadow it will be desired by those who appreciate it what went into it. Too bad you need Jay Leno type money and garage for it. BTW, Jay has one and keeps it perfect for all of us to admire.
Didn't expect to find such a cool video about the personal motorcycle of one of my favorite Japanese super heroes. In 2005, Kamen Rider Hibiki aired in Japan, the titular hero rode a Honda Valkyrie Rune named "Gaika" in his battle to save the world. For those who don't know, Kamen Rider is a superhero series where the cool armored hero always rides a motorcycle, hence the "rider" part of the name. Usually, every season the current hero's bike is slapped with a bunch of stick on sci-fi looking molded plastic parts to make it look spacey or high tech or to match the hero's transforming super armor, but Hibiki's Gaika was unique in that it was completely unmodified for the show. No extra nonsense tacked on, just a nice color-shift paint job to match Hibiki's armor and the team logo on the tank. The Rune was just that good looking a bike.
Definitely a piece of art on wheels.Shall we say Honda being Honda. ;-) BUT, here comes the but... Set in a timeline this Honda Rune, is pretty much the granddaughter, the successor if you will, of the Honda Valkyrie. I have no doubts about the technical qualities and mesmerizing details of the Rune. Which in a single word. Can be described as outstanding. But all in all I wish for a Valkyrie, I lust for a Valkyrie! The Rune, nah, not even a bit!  Some how Honda artists, designer's and engineers missed that SMALL detail! ;-)
The bags look stupid.
How is it that I just found your videos!  Top notch production!  Thank you for the video.
I remember when they first came out.  It's still to this day a pretty unusual looking bike
Fugly. I invented this word decades ago. Very applicable.
Couldn't have happened to a better manufacturer. I'll just say it: F**k honda. 😎😁  I suppose being a tuning fork guy helps further this opinion. 🤷‍♂️
Transition at 0:36 gret job!
Too Big Too Heavy might as well have a car!
That trailing link front end reminds of a hack (sidecar). Can you image if Honda had designed the Rune as a sidecar?
My god that is ugly! I do love that engine though.
Harleys will be like this honda in three or four hundred years later
If you twist the titties.. 🤣🤣
Probably the most awe inspiring bike I’ve ever seen. I’ve come across them in the wild maybe 3-4 times and am gobsmacked each time. But I feel riding it, while that would be entertaining, wouldn’t be as enjoyable as just looking at it,as strange as that sounds.
I don't like cruisers in the least, but even I have a soft spot for the Honda Valkyrie, even the "ordinary" one. Just don't tell anyone, okay?
I appreciate the concept behind the art. I would guarantee you that the engineers that designed these and the people that made them would smile knowing that someone out there is daily appreciating even one of these machines. I imagine that there would be some disappointment in knowing that many of them will sit unused and very few will know the joy of riding one. Part of the joy of designing and building things like those motors cycles is the wonder and joy they bring the user.
WOW! I love this motorcycle!
And you rode it in winter! That takes a special kind of balls!
IMO the rune is pretty ugly.
I wonder how much easier it would be to build that exhaust today with metal 3d printing? Watching your bit on wax casting definitely helped me see the importance of additive manufacturing.
You have a lot of subscribers for someone who gets so very many things completely wrong.
The amount of production value in this video... oh my goodnes.. this is at the same level as tog gear with all 3 presenters... and you my friend are like the jeremy clarkson of bikes... this is superb, but then you say things like... twist its titty... HOW DO YOU MAKE MONEY ON THESE VIDEOS MAN!!!! arent they demonetised by youtube?? Are you like honda?? Spending 125 grand on a video?
It looks pretty sweet from the front. I just... Don't like saddle bags. Even if these ones blend very nicely and has a interestingly shaped snubbed tail.
Love that bike.....
Nicely done
There is really just one question left unanswered  in my mind after watching your video a few times ... Who THE FUCK would let you abuse their Rune like you did?🤯🤣
Great video that i forward to my mates that ask too many question's!! Thanks
Things like this are why I have so much respect for Honda, they just did it because they can.
Well darn, add another thing to the list of things to buy when I'm a trillionaire. I love how this bike looks. It's beautiful.
I think production snark aside, history will record this video as a bit too harsh.  Honda gave us a gift, because it could.  Its a piece of art that reflects Hondas engineering prowess, willingness to take risks and produce more than just numbers.  A bit of gratitude is in order.
In the mountains of NE PA, we dig out older beater Goldwings as our "winter bikes"...they make great snow and commuter bikes.
I’d love to se you do this same video but with a Honda NR750 instead of the Rune
A REVIEW for the 1984-86 Honda CB700SC Nighthawk...  Please?
For $27,000 and how much they spent to make each one, they absolutely were art pieces made of appreciation.
A friend of mine has one. Beautiful machine...doubt I'd own one other than as a work of art rather than something that I would actually use.
one of the coolest bikes! (I saw.. may not say much:)
shoulda named it "the bakery bike"
*GREATEST MOTORCYCLE EVER BUILT!* Yeah I said it!
those engineers would be glad to see someone riding one of these and enjoying it's beauty
where did the timbits go.....
Contrary to so many positive comments, the original valkyrie was the "hot-rodded" version of the gold wing. During this time Honda had reached out to designers and Jesse James built them an amazing and super light cafe racer version of the vtx 1800. Honda didn't do anything with that, but instead decided to revive the valkyrie with the Rune, and while very unique looking, it's not "hot-rodded" in any way, and the parts looked like Honda automotive built it, just like the goldwing of that time. It doesn't look like custom chrome or custom machined and professionally tig welded full custom parts, it looks like Honda, a primarily automotive company, created an assembly line for one of the most expensive, (small) production line built, mediocre in every way, bikes.
Firstly - brilliant video, well done! When I was riding my lowly 2004 Interceptor I used would see one of these from time to time. I always knew they special, but didn't why or how special. Now I have an increased appreciation for the. Thanks.
this video is so beautiful.
It took every penny I could find, plus a dealership loan, for my purchase of a brand new Honda CB750K1 back in 1971. What a sound. What a rush. I never regretted it. Honda delivers.
Owning one with only 500 miles, it's been sitting in the garage for ages. If i get it outside, i am just staring at it for hours.
Its basically a Honda Goldwing in a cruiser frame.  I work insurance claims and everyone of these I get that is a total loss people argue it like their bike is God's gift to humanity.  People think they are worth 10k more than the original MSRP when they definitely are not
Didn’t know this existed but damn, it looks so nice.
Lost wax Santa chocolate... I have no words other than I love this channel.
Well, Suzuki built their eyesore of a bike, guaranteed  to give you  a migraine  everytime you gazed at it....the Suzuki B-King.
What Scorpion helmet does Ryan use?
Still can't believe you took the Rune on icy, salt covered roads??? 😅
love all of your videos
When Clarkson borrowed James May's Ferrari Scud 360 (or something) and spilled chocolate snacks inside lolz
Video editing so on par I keep coming back for the goosebumps.
This is better than Hollywood
Every moto review is movie masterpiece.
on the show floor new wow it wasnt for sale
I worked for one of the largest honda powersport dealers in texas for yearssssss and have only seen ONE Rune. Its a masterpiece to look at. You can kind of see the design inspiration linger in other models though
I was a Honda designer around this time (in Germany not LA, where the model originated) and had knowledge of the development, I was very impressed with what 'we' were doing . . .  ; )
Rune is no mistake, its pure showoff. I've seen it once and i think its brilliant
Quality vid.
Every one of the horizontally-opposed 6 Hondas produced are a nightmare for anyone with a inseam over 30 inches.  The Rune stand out from that crowd by having a worse back end than my first wife.
You lost me at Hawaiian Pizza.
I used to drive my silver 2004 convertible Viper in the snow, too. With the top down.  Even hauled lumber in it once.  Got "Gitr Dun!!" cheers from a construction crew pickup.
Should be tarred & feathered for considering this bike a beater.  Using this bike like you do is asinine.  Yeah- your that feckless
Kiddies can you say - GIANT P. O. S. ? I knew you Could.
More hideous than a Harley.
Holy crap, that bike's a work of art!
New to the channel, The production, and shine on this content is as good as any channel I've ever seen on YT. Unbelivable. New Sub here!
That is the ugliest motorcycle that I have ever seen.
One of the best filmed channels around, and not just for motorcycle content. Keep up the good writing, shoots and fitting soundtracks.
It is a proper Halo models...
Great video thanks for sharing subscribed
These bikes are very expensive honda rune bcz they are rare ....almost 15000$ to 17000$ for a used bike
2 things: Mar 23 2023 there are two of these on New Hampshire CL for less than $7,000, and also different subject, I got stove parts for that Glenwood including the back which I hear burns out.
The Honda rune is the Plymouth Prowler of motorcycles. Very much a product of the era that you either admire or hate outright, but only exists now as a collectors item.
You are the pride of North Van! Picking up some Dave and Mel's! <3
I only now just realised that this is the very same bike model Kamen Rider Hibiki uses....
3D printers would have made that muffler part much easier to manufacture.
I remember looking at one in a dealership. They are pretty incredible looking and quite massive.
Of course a Canadian would get a Hawaiian pizza
Of course a Canadian would get a Hawaiian pizza
Amazing video dude. I didn't even know that this bike existed.
There is no doubt in my mind Honda did this just to not pay taxes that year LOL
This would be an awesome mad max apocalyptic bike
This was a concept bike that somehow made it to production. Everything is obsessive attention detail no budget cap. A work of art. This is Honda’s  Grosser 600 (Mercedes). Also some say the production budget of this video is higher than the amount Honda spent on development of the bike. Top work.
a MISTAKE that became so worth mentioning that even after 20years you still making people buy it for once atleast... or asking why i never bought that......
You might as well drive a car, they are warmer, and carry more passengers.
Was not a mistake, just the Lexus LFA, was not a mistake or a loss. It was a response to “you can’t do it” of the established “cruiser” / super car companies and fan boys .   Victory had the giant cruiser, can’t remember the name, it was a 1,000 lbs also.   Both of vehicles are worth a lot more than they ever sold for. Not a mistake when it gets people to come in and look…
Those Cee Bailey cases are horrible and need to come off. An interesting bike, but I wouldn't want one, just too impractical and irreplaceable. An Interstate would be a better actual motorcycle to own of riidng is part of the reason you buy one. Wouldn't want one of them either.
The Pinnacle of the METRIC Cruiser craze of the early 2000s!  If Honda hadn't been selling Shadows and VTXs to Boomers as fast as they could make them they probably wouldn't have been able to afford to spend $150K on each one of these bikes. Between Y2K and the Global Economic Crisis of 2008 there were countless combos of Metric Cruisers from the wee Kawasaki Eliminator 125 all the way up to the Rune, M190R, Warrior, VMAX, VTX1800, Mean Streak and probably a few other Beasts that with the exception of the M190 have all gone the way of the Dodo. Oddly enough you can still get a Honda Fury....
Jesus h Christ those part prices
An odd looking bike.
Bikes and beards will give you a Norton 850 commando fresh out the crate for that thing
Can you explain to the good people out here how you come up with that figure$
sadle bag very ugly and put original seat
thats a sexy looking bike
Everyone talking about production quality. The writer(s) are friggin crazy!
Фантастический мотоцикл. В Москве ни разу не встречал. Хотя Gold Wing очень много катается по городу. Спасибо! Классный обзор. Удачи.
My god.. it’s ugly as hell
Most of those difficult to produce pieces could probably be metal 3d printed nowadays at significantly lower cost. There has also been developments in heat rejection but I don't know if those would be cheaper than that special metal heat exchanger yet... I wonder if they couldn't actually make a profit on something like this in another ten years.
"And here i've been flogging one to work like a rented husky... ugh !!!"
biker and intellectual thats a rarity
I love those bikes, you consistently make me freeze watching you ride in your native climate. I’d be the Michelin man where you’re dressed like I’d be @ 50. I’m a big pansy I guess… 😂 you’re the MAN
i had one for 5 years... it was an interesting experience...
My squad leader in the army bought one in 2008
That book looks exactly like the commemorative book on the Honda NSX.
The good old days when Honda tried and made cool bikes.
Ice, motorcycle... No.
I was just curious and looked them up on Cycle Trader. 2004 Runes go for around $24K. These things could be actual investments.
I've said it before....this guy and his production teams quality output is easily better than the crap motorcycle programmes on mainstream TV.The cinematography is amazing. How has ne not been asked to make a series on TV? Mental.
What prevents maturation?
Absolutely hate the way you’re treating that bike.
Should not treat that as a beater and just trash it.
Hell of a collectible get two if you have room
I love the exhaust
I want a Rune
Man, you are THE KING of moto content.
What do you wait to try a Triumph Rocket 3? Would be amazing to see that. 2500cc, 165hp, 163 ft-lbs... Or maybe you are afraid? 🤣
YEARS ago , on vacation to Lake Mead , i saw one being driven by one retiree living the dream , parked out front he would drive down to the lake for a coffee
This is not a motorcycle. This is a collectable.
I own two Goldwings, and I love Hondas. But the Rune is the ugliest motorcycle I've ever seen. It looks Goofy. This is just my opinion, everyone loves the Rune because they are told they should
terrible review, terrible bike
No insult at all, due to your experience I'm surprised you didn't notice the really high end machining all over it. What a beautiful machine.
Without a doubt the best motorcycle channel anywhere.  This was so much fun to watch!  And the message at the end is perfect.
Am I the only person to look at that bike with disgust? The only goal was to look good and they came up with THAT!?
ok who built that shortcut....
Love your videos and you must have a set of solid steel ones for riding that highway in those conditions. Spoken as one who has experienced the attraction of black ice.
I'd argue that the Rune is a gift to motorcyclist, not a mistake.
A very good friend of mine just bought his dream bike last week, a red 2004 Honda Valkyrie Rune.... He wanted one of these since 2004, and one went up for sale in Texas. My friend said "Shut up and take my money!" and he drove down with a trailer and brought the bike back to Arkansas. I am excited to see it soon, and it isn't even my bike! I can not wait! He already loves it, and he doesn't plan to keep it as a garage queen.
Any motorcycle called "Rune" should stay in the pages of a graphic novel. It looks like something the good guy escapes the bad guy in a comic strip by riding on. Like a palimpsest of meta in metal.
Sorry! But what a ugly motorcycle!
this is easily the best motorcycle content channel on this planet and arguably, the universe.
I like this abomination
I’m not a cruiser guy, and not particularly a Honda guy…why do I want one of these all of a sudden?!
That casting process for the exhaust is pretty much exactly the same process that Rolls Royce (and presumably other manufacturers) use to make high pressure turbine blades for jet engines.
This was so deep at the end..
I saw the Rune at an Auto show back when it was released here in Australia. I decided that if I ever got a motorcycle licence, it would only be to ride this bike.
Thae That 750 4 on your your tree was indeed my Dream bike way back when, I am happy to see you have good taste too.
I thought those bikes were very cool looking.
Fantastic video. Youve outdone yourself on this one.
honda did what all manufacturers cant do, made a 80s top quality machine with modern tech, exactly what those "if this is the future, id rather the past" people want
One of the guys at work has one.
Beautiful bike.
This is my kind of art!  Once again - thanks for the entertainment.
Can you also do the Honda Valkyrie F6C which is a more affordable option for most.
Fantastic video thank you Ryan
I don't own a motorcycle and have never even ridden anything with 2 wheels (other than my push bike), but the videos on this channel with Ryan's presenting are having me coming back for more. Very entertaining. Thank you and keep up the good work!
Interesting take. Just want to say that Nuviz wasn't a random startup. They stemmed from parent company Holoeye, a German company that contracts with the U.S. government and makes HUD technology for the military. Their product had its flaws, but they weren't a bunch of random hacks. Also, it's "head-up display" not "heads-up display." You only have one head. 😉
This kinda reminds me of a much bigger R18. Imagine you put a Harley badge on them and they would sell out. Not my style but it’s a beautiful bike.
This is a movie! ❤
I don't ride motorcycles. Heck, I ride electric unicycles but fortnine is another league. Great store too.
I live in S/E Michigan and have seen only one on the road. I was traveling west at 70mph on I-96. A rider came by on my left like I was standing still. On a Honda Rune. I loved it. (only last year). Great to know that there are some people who really ride their motorcycles! Thanks for sharing.
This is the BEST motorcycle video EVER! Yes, I owned an Illusion blue Rune. No, not my favorite bike, but turned the most heads.
"the lamentations of women and children". LOL!!!!!  What, are You Conan? :)
You’ve really outdone yourself this time Ryan. Great job! Just riding a bike in that weather deserves 5 thumbs up👍
I had placed a 100 dollar deposit on a Rune at a local Honda dealer, no price was given at that time.  Months later I was call that the Rune was on it’s way here.  So I asked for the final price, 27000 was breath taking for me, then taxes, license, registration and any other local taxes had to be added.  Sorry to say my purchase was cancelled.  I’m very glad I made the right choice.
You should review and daily a first gen venture Royale 83 to 93.  One of the best kept secrets from Yamaha. I am bias I own three and am thinking of turning g one into and adventure bike.
I was lucky enough to sit and balance one in 2004 at a Honda tent at a Superbike race.
The production quality on this video... just 🤯
My 2020  bagger looks like this.well a wee bit
Its good starter bike?
I think the bike is kinda ugly honestly, but I respect the effort that Honda put into it. I also appreciate the support Honda gave to the owners and what it means to have bought one
This bike is actually good for me.
Damm only 180 miles on mine guess i need to stretch her legs more often
I’m a Spyder girl, but I love your videos because I always find something useful and they are like the Masterpiece Theater of YouTube.  Now I’m off to find some magnets so I don’t sit at stop lights so long.  Looking forward to your next video…⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
I'm confused about this bike. That's why I find it alluring. Love the video. My giggle gland is swollen.
What's the story? I remember seeing this in 2004 as a young man. It looked fine but was priced awful. Harley was failing but looked good. I'm glad to see that those ideas were spot on. It's exactly what was wrong with Honda in the 2000s. A Rune is something that had a purpose. The purpose didn't reach those of us with a quest for a clean high cc rider.
Nice KLR shout-out! LOL
This is worse than that video that went viral a while back about the flying tesla... ok not that bad, but JUST SELL THE DAMNED THING lol! Good video.
6:18 Can anyone tell me who and why is that standing in the reflection? or what is that black thing beside him
I feel like a little kid every time I get on my sporty
Mistake, Yes... didn't make a 300 mph Hyaubasa.
And I like anti lock on bikes. I put steel brake lines  on mine and it stopped the front wheel, perfectly, at 90 mph. I'm Alive.
Honda engineering relax...Suzuki made the Intruder. Merry Christmas.
Bikes and beards bought one for around 18k but all that chrome and all the expensive parts were pitted so while they were obviously on the expensive side i think all bikes need to be ridden i think they sold for around 27k but still handled great and super reliable but you wouldn't want to ever drop it.
Awesome video, thanks! Had a Rune and a Victory Vision at the same time and most of the time I went to ride, I was getting on the Vic. Similiar great rides, but the Vic had lots of storage! The Rune, not so much. Not even a place to hold a quarter. Don't think that cool storage you showed on the fender here was stock! So, sold the Rune! Still have the Victory! Curse you Polaris for disontinuing! Such a great line of bikes they had with the Victory!
Today is the first time I ran across your channel. Your really entertaining , your good , OK your really good.
So did you like it or not big guy?
I'm am proud to find out that you are Canadian. Just discovered your channel today after dipping into motorcycle info a couple days ago. Amazing videos. Top tier and above quality.
I don't think they're ever be a bike so beautiful made like this again. It's just a beautiful piece of art. Hats off the all those you designed it and built it.
Omg this is so entertaining lmao
I always thought the rune was ugly, but I bought it a 2014 Valkyrie which I think is gorgeous. There are some similarities admittedly
Seriously? That's how you treat a Rune! Sacrilege!
every frame of that machine is giving me ghoosebumps.  It reminds me of the first time I touched a woman. Oh the excitement. The fear and desperation of a teenage boy....   Thank you HONDA.
5:20 that pizza looks really good
What about the r6c
7:05 wait what!
You got GIVEN a Rune by a friend??? I'm totally in envy of you right now. I've wanted one of these since they first came out, and have never been able to afford one.
I am so proud of the fact that these videos are done by Canadians--and in the snow to boot!  Eh.
I had a dream the other night that my brother owned one of these (he doesn't even ride lmfao), & I borrowed it, & ended up wrecking
Honda should offer to buy all these horrible things back from their owners,dump them in a landfill site,bury them and just forget them
It's like a Pagani bike
Timmy Ho's!
Have to assume here in the US  they were bought by collectors only as I have never seen one on the road.
Ryan reminds me of agent cooper from twin peaks. Quite a good looking guy tbh
U R 1 brave SOB as I fear ice more than anything. Lost it even on a trail bike. Great vid tho from one Canuck to another.
Caster displacement? It's called trail in the real world.
Great video to watch when one is high on weed 😂
it looks like a bike santa would ride
you guys' team making these videos are the big mac sauce of the internet,  everyone watches and subscribes in awe wondering what the secret could be, all the while knowing its thousand island dressing, but not say. Stay successful chaps and never stop making videos or I shall weep. I commented on this video instead of the next because our nerd was gone, next time if our favorite engineer/nerd/physicist is sick DO NOT upload!!!! The team must wait for our star to come back!
Lets do Moto Guzzi V100 next!
I remember Lamborghini Aventador for the first time in my life and i was awestruck seeing something out of this world.  Seeing Rune for the 1st time gave me same feeling. And i consider my self lucky because In India, We only have 1 Rune.
Unsubbed @ Pizza Hawaii... J/K
let my dream be true
This video is going to single hand-idly raise the value of used Rune's
I just wish they made the VTX 1800 look like the concept. New bikes now don't even look like the concepts from the year 2000. Still waiting for the future. Which reminds me, where is the BMW 100 self-balancing concept bike in terms of it's production stage? Hasn't taken one step.
Very entertaining and informational.   I am not a metric bike fan, but for some unexplainable reason, i want one of these.
It is truly refreshing to see a rider making tight turns at low speeds without dragging a foot. I have seen so many YT videos where riders can't even make a U-turn on a two-lane road. Hats off to you my friend.
massive respect to HONDA
these were the first honda that made me say "hey, that looks f**kin sexy"
I've never heard of it, I've never seen one. I'd love to take one for a ride, but I'd be afraid something would cause a 1000 dollar ding.
It was made to be collected, and that's where most of them are. I've only seen one on the road so far and I really don't care if I see another. They gotta be the ugliest bike Honda ever made.
I'm not a cruiser guy, but that really is one beautiful bike.
don't eat that pizza, it looks wrong!
This is actually a uniquely good looking motorcycle
I always love your work!!!  You're a very gifted person.
One ugly bike
I was told by one customer that a lost key means a new ignition module, when the bike was new over $6,000.00. As Honda tends to raise prices on parts as the bikes get older....
That shot between 6:12 and 6:19 : How on earth did you do that? Just how?
what does it do in the quarter mile? speed and et?
Happy to see you guys always pushing ahead creating. thank you !
So, if you crash it. You need to find a donor bike. How much used bikes cost today?
What were Honda thinking making such monstrosity? Heavy, ungainly,  burn the thing.
Super ugly bike wtf
Leaving it out in the snow!!!
Soooo interesting AND entertaining. :-)
The production quality of the intro riding through the forest is incredible!
If I was your friend and I saw how you treated my irreplaceable mint condition motorcycle, I would kick your ass. How would you like to collect that experience?  Great video though.
My dad had one of these when I was younger, now I know why he was so mad when I accidentally scratched the chrome
Honda lost money every time they sold one. This bike cost HONDA more than how much they sold for. It's a fact.
No different to bespoke Car models, just think Honda has done the same.  Maybe American aimed I expect and for the few as this will be a limited edition?
This makes me want to go jump on my Valkyrie, probably the closest thing I'll have to a Rune
Well im a 1500 gl goldwing guy but this bike's just not for me
Ryan is who we like not the new fella
I saw one of these once in Dothan, AL. I thought it was a Boss Hoss at first, but the more I looked at it the more I realized it wasn't. It was parked at a (now non existent Indian dealer) and it took me forever to figure out it was a Honda. There was no Honda markings on it that I could find. Super classy looking bike that flowed and apparently seems to work.
What good is owning a dream thing, if you don't live the dream....
Think I need a fortnine action figure now with different motorcycles to put him on for accessories.
This bike was like the Victory Vision, it may have been great to ride and miles ahead of anything on the road, but was doomed because of its looks.
As a Huge Fan of the Valkyrie the gen 2 Rune has become a Collectors item, i'm almost crying watching you ride it in the snow and slush, when i would Kill to Own one.
Phenomenal, being a Honda guy, you made me look at this brilliant motorcycle from a very distinctive point of view. Thank you for all your passion and dedication in what you do.
I wondered what happened to this thing good video thanks
This is not a motorcycle... this is art
That Is The Ugliest Bike I've Ever Seen...
Bring them back !!!!!! I WILL BUY ONE !!!!!!!!
Flawless video. Thx for shining brightly and standing out  in the world of bike reviews and affiliate links. You are the G.O.A.T.
Can't help but think those roads had been layered with salt..ouch!
Simply an amazing video! What's most amazing is that FortNine keeps getting better with every video. I wonder where the limits are?
It might be a collectors item, but we all know the only real flex is riding the dam thing.
'Tis not the design nor handling which decide the steed we wish to ride,  but the amount of timbits the saddlebags doth hold.
This is a top-tier channel. The presenter, the script, the videography and editing. HATS OFF
It's similar to the Bugatti veyron-a car so under priced it's a case of poor (normal VW buyers) subsidizing the rich. But in this case i'm ok with it. This really is art,where the veyron is an assault to the eyes
I've never heard of an existence of such bike...
JACK.. NO MATTER WHAT YOU SAY THAT IS ONE HELL OF A NICE MOTORCYCLE
I’m not interested in alot of your subject matter but find myself eagerly waiting and watching everyone of your videos. Top notch stuff here gents. The quality is magnificent and I find each and everyone thoroughly enjoyable.
Ironically they made this bike specifically for its looks.....and it might be the ugliest bike i've ever seen
It kind of pisses me off seeing one of these get ridden in winter salt, what a bullshit thing to do. Ride a beater in the salt, come on man
The idea that anyone would call this an "accomplishment" and then state that it weighs 1,000 pounds ready-to-go is insane.
I want that.
"own experiences" I love the conclusion to this episode
Fantastic production! Thank you.
Ryan my dude, as much as I love your content (including the rest of this video), I'm sorry but I have to say it's pretty poor form to show yourself riding a motorcycle illegally on a bike path. As a fellow Vancouverite, I know that specific path and I know the rules say pretty damn clearly you're not supposed to be operating any kind of motor vehicle on any kind of bike path for any purpose at any time. Doesn't matter if it's snowy out and no one else is around. Rules are rules and as a public figure you have to follow them. The issue I have here is as far as I see things, including the footage of you riding on the bike path (without even the standard disclaimer that such behavior is illegal and should not be attempted) in this video in such a casual way, normalizes an illegal and anti-social act, as while you may have (responsibly) chosen a quiet day where that path wasn't seeing any use, they'll inevitably be some dumb kid who'll see this and think " Well heck, if Ryan from Fortnine can do it then so can I, and who cares if there are people riding bikes on the path now, that's their problem not mine!" You're not some little garage operation anymore and with your large audience you have an even larger ethical obligation to promote better motorcycling etiquette than just "Get away with whatever you can." I know this comment will be downvoted to hell, but I say this from a place of wanting it to be constructive as I know from experience how easily stuff like this can come back to bite you in the ass (Had a buddy get a $5K+ fine for operating a drone in a national park and he was found out through a YT video) so hopefully this comment finds you and you're able to take it as intended.
For a bike that supposed to be art, it's one butt ugly piece of machinery.
Yes, Fortnight is must see teevee, er, I mean youtube!
Parts: irreplaceable  Rides: in snow Absolute mad lad
Something like this bike is meant to be put through it's paces. I wouldn't want a show piece just for looks, I need her to earn her keep. Twist the tit and get your money's worth!
Well I am impressed! You road straight through snow, "road spit" and a huge puddle and your bike came out the other side, show room shiny. They even got that part right...  "shiny side up" as they say.
Thank you for doing this one of my dream motorcycles this and the Valkyrie which I now own. I hope to get my hands on a rune in the future.
Yeah yeah yeah, what's up with that pie??? Canadian bacon and pineapple...
bro, you simply the best. greetings from Latvia.
I watch this channel I don’t even own a motorcycle
Ah apple. Thats why theres so much video and so little content.
Bardzo fajny film - dziekuje :)
I like how it’s not even good looking
Einfach nur krass. Wirklich einer der besten Youtuber die ich kenne. Danke für diesen content
Bro the demo on the lost mold concept had me dying. And it was accurate.
Suicide winter ride on ice covered roads. Why?
I have three Hondas but this is one ugly bike.  Not interested.
Speaking of Hondas, would FortNine consider doing a review of the CB500F? I recently bought a 2022 model and have been very pleased with it as a beginner bike. I have never seen another one on the road and I barely hear of it... ever. It's not a super rare bike and its not like its a limited production motorcycle (to my knowledge). I'm just curious if FortNine could review it and give a professional opinion on it.
Ive always been confused about this bike
Are you sure you guys are allowed to say the word Christmas up there in dear ole Canada ?
When are we getting a helmet review for 2022?
Man I only have a 125cc license but I still love your Videos!
Brilliant!
Bet riding in the winter isn’t near as fun as it looks
Honda made a bike with dream.
Got two of these "mistakes" myself and I ADORE them.
your editing skills are better than the motorcycles you review
collectors item
honda spent one million on the cb 750 in 1969 and did sand casting to cut cost in the beginning
Honda cd70 bast bike in the world
Craciun fericit
beauty
Years from now, having “Worked at FortNine” on your resume will get you direct calls from James Cameron and Steven Spielberg begging you to work on their next film.
Thanks for making this vid Ryan. Wow, who knew? Always loved Gold Wings, and was aware of the Rune - but honestly wasn't on my radar. Incredible bike & story! Cheers!
Get along little doggy...
Fortnine if you're a real G you'll link the video at 7:45 so I can watch it on repeat
I remember that in one famous book about sport bike riding was stated that on clean road the grip in wet and dry conditions is almost the same. Is it true and do you think you can make a video comparison on this topic?
Epic!!!!
Fta
The front wheel is NOT 9 inches behind the steering axle. The Steering axis is pointing exactly at the axis of the front wheel. They didn't change anything as compared with any other motorcycle. They just made it look like they did something new. Take a look at it again!!!
The 1 Honda I didn't like....my Valkrey....4.5 gallon no center stand not allot of after market parts......still a Honda guy though.I herd George Cloony bought 5 for he and his friends......I wanna be ur friend George 😃
How is that a 225million mistake
That bald spot at 2:40
I love that Honda goes out on a limb every now and then. Beautiful video!
You hit it out of the Park,  best review I have seen.  Loved it.
Celini. rediscovered casting during the renaissance and lost wax came 100's of years later, but oh well...
Nice boat anchor
Trailing link, technically the best, aesthetically awful. Great video.
I want that pizza more than the bike haha
Is this the most un-Honda Honda ever? I wish they would go back to making interesting, innovative bikes
I loved my Rune, but after 20 years, I found myself riding it just once a year or so.  To many other bikes that weigh less than half as much and have luggage capacity.  The Rune was perfect when a bunch of friends go on a tour for several days.  Everybody gets to ride it for a few hours.  Bliss!  But not so useful for any one trip with just one motorcycle.  Great memories.  And Thanks F9 for reviving those fond memories.
Jesus, one of those silencers looks like it would cost as much as Bezos's net worth.
That’s a cool bike 👍🏻😎🏍️💨💨💨💨👍🏻🇨🇦🍻hope ya wiped the salt of quick 🤓
Oh Yeah That was good
I'd take a beat up 1970's CB350 over that if given the choice: better looks, function and probably performance.
You've ruined it for me.
That’s awesome I want this bike for true if they still have it.
why would anyone want to buy this thing??????
The Christmas Honda is back at it again
Incredible how as far as I know Hondas most alluring low production vehicle is a motorcycle I’ve never heard of
Bikes and Beards have entered the chat.
this was more like athe honda RUIN
Your video makes me appreciate what went into creating this bike, but my god, is that thing ugly.
You don't talk with your mouth full. Were you raised by a pack of wolves'?
What an absolutely gorgeous machine!! I wasn't aware of its existence. An absolute masterpiece of engineering and design!
They're beautiful bikes, there's a couple for sale where i live on consignment for 35k each.
Of all the cruisers ever made so far, it's the only criuser I would ever buy given the opportunity, have seen 2 of them action in person and yes they are a stunning bit of kit to ride not just in the looks department either. One of them belonged to one of my cousin's partner and every time he pulled up to a  local club meet all the harley riders would be either weeping in jealousy or looking at it in pure "I want one" look see ogle mode, which made my cousin and her partner have a good laugh out of earshot of the harley riders. A very special bike indeed.
I would ABSOLUTELY buy one of these...uh...bikes. But first I'd get a sex change, then I would invest in some used Indian mountain toll-bridges then I would join the campaign to abolish stand-up urinals.       As corporations go, it seems Hondas is like Disney - too rich and powerful for their own good. Wallowing in crapulence and borderline insanity.
And another honda for the new year video. Keep going, buddy.
i would sell my wife just to get close to sitting on one.
I am so jealous of you
Not bad for a naked Goldwing.
Live your dream Ryan.
This guy makes north van look so nice
Looks like something Cloud Strife would ride.
this dude is smart as fuck. hes the man
Those F’ing drone shots of the forest. So Cherry!
Content always ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ for me. ☺️
The Rune stands with their oval piston NR750; Honda built these because they can!  A $225 Million dollar mistake?  No, think of it as perfectly legal tax loss write-off.
The pizza cutters are pure genius.
i see this as an absolute victory for Honda, these are like those really low-production high-value cars made by up market automalers.
I was so close to buying one. I opted for the VTX1800c instead.
Fantastic video about the Rune business backstory.  Never knew anything about the costs, which is quite amusing and truly astonishing to say the least.
How does the Rune do on keeping pizza warm in cold temps?🍕
Wow! A motorcycle manufacturered to aircraft quality standards. Remarkable!
A tribute or homage to the Honda brand. I commend Honda for the exercise. A pat on the back to themselves so to speak and well deserved. The part in the video about no plastic brought a smile to my face. I couldn't find Honda Rune for sale for less then $45K when they came out. As one might guess I'm a Honda lover. The list of Honda's I've owned with never a regret is long. The closest I ever came to a Honda Rune would have been the 1983 CB1000 Custom or perhaps my 1980 CB900 Custom, had two of them. I finished with a  2006 ST1300. Best thing for me about Honda was the quick and quite nature of each not to mention the reliability. There was also smaller ones I've owned such as the Honda 1973 CL450 scrambler, 1979 Honda CB650. Honda will always be my go to bike. A ride on a Honda was my escape. My Steel Breeze.🥰
One of the only ones out there that could do it Honda could engineer that monstrosity from some yuppy fruit cake art designers water color book.
It’s a silly motorcycle.
Woaaaahhh 😲😲😲 look's like Type-Z car
That book you threw was 1369.46 and YOU scratched it.
They should never have stopped making the.original Valkyrie.
Seasons Greetings 🎄  This bike tis fucking ugly !
What a Great, Great Video for such a Great Bike!! KUDOS to @FortNine
It’s almost beautiful in its hideosity.
Biggest mistake was calling it a Rune.
What a beautiful bike!💓
Kinda didn't care for your smart-assed attitude.  No, you aren't smarter than Honda engineers.  No you aren't Spielberg either.
-- Nicely done.  (You didn't cover the cost of a 1/12 scale model.)
I want this and I just met it
I can't find the 2021 Christmas episode. Which one is it?
Hey man, just found your channel. I really like your content and presentation. Been watching your electric motorcycle reviews and lineup. Have you every seen the EUCs? (electric unicycles) Speaking about city mobility it might be the way over a motorcycle. Just curious if you had an opinion.
I wouldn't want to loan you a bike. Riding a rare collector's item in the snow and road salt. Way to take care of a friend's ride.
It’s only a “mistake” as far as sales go. As far as design and engineering it’s a success.
The guy who edited this video is a wizard. Change my mind.
Honda did the same thing with the Honda E electric car. Is beautiful
What an art deco beauty! Never heard of it before, but I'm in love.
8:32 I heard "not a single button from the parts shelf" and simultaneously thought "that's a civic display" 😀
I didn't want one until I saw this video.  wow Wow WOW ! THAT DAMN THING IS COOL ! It just screams f$%k YOU to common sense .
I knew two people that owned them, they loved them.
That is the most hideous looking thing I have ever seen wtf
First you'll never catch me dead on a motorcycle. That said, it looks nice and the speed limit in most states is 70 mph. Frankly, I think anyone whoever gets caught driving 25 mph over the speed limit should lose their license for at least 6 months.  Motorcycles are great until they maim or kill you. My wife's first husband was killed on a motorcycle, a friend mine was killed on a motorcycle while his wife basically lost a huge portion of her brain a walking zombie.
Hands down the best motorcycle channel ever created. Every video a lovingly crafted masterpiece. Long may your run FortNine, with your chrome heart shining in the sun.
Great video! I hope you had the Rune professionally detailed after all that winter riding! I own a Rune and live in California. I do ride it regularly but only on dry, sunny days.
The single best vehicle journalist on earth 🌏
I'd love to see you do a video on the Vulcan 2000. It's in a similar state with part availability. They ran from  2004 to 2010 and those who own em have held on to them like a priceless trophy. After all, it had the largest  mass-production V-Twin in existence at the time with 2053cc.
Seen only once. it's something over. Something different from everything else.
They look like the dream bikes i draw as a kid, obviouly i draw them with 8 cyls 😄. I always liked them
That Chrstmas Egg at the back was amazing. Thank you. :)
what an uggly piece of a bike.
This video is brilliant for highlighting not only a brilliantly designed motorcycle, but also Ryan's personal expertise about motorcycles in order to notice all the little details & handling that make this bike more than just a sculpture.
I don´t even onw a bike, or will ever own a bike, but this channel is pure gold.  Exactly what we need in the end of 2022 and now 2023
I worked Techline at American Honda Motorsports for a couple years and we used to absolutely dread getting calls on the Rune specifically. They were few and far between, but when they happened, the whole crew knew not to get wrapped up in your case if they could help it.
That was an outstanding episode!
I have literally never wanted a cruiser more
Yes, what ever the others said. I'm pleased it exists yet I don't want one.
Merry Christmas and all the best in 2023! Never even knew this bike existed; however, it looks like quite the bike!
My gawd is this an excellent channel.   Dude is hilarious. And good, real good.
Those Corbin bags look amazing on it. Had same style on my VTX1800.
Merry Christmas and happy new year fortnine should do one on the honda fury 😉
I remember drooling over this bike when it was in the showroom and all I could afford at the time was a little motor scooter. Almost 20 years later and I still don't have one but I love my VTX 1800r. That Rune is on my list in the top five. One just came for sale last week locally at Lucky U Cycles in Central Florida. I think they're asking $18, 999. The last one I seen for sale looked like it had been left outside it's entire life, it was very sad.
I thought it was awesome. Had a springer style front end. But in reverse order and used shocks instead.
I remember seeing one somewhere and drooling over how pretty it is, now I know why.
i've been licensed for 20 years.  been riding my own bikes for the past 14 years.  i've ridden with countless other bikers, been to rallies, shops, meets, dealerships, and have gone from coast to coast on 2 different bikes.  i've never heard the throttle action referred to as "twisting its titty" until today.
Holy Smokes.  (the bike as well).
I would never have heard of this if not for FortNine........Unfortunately, having once witnessed this ugly-assed crime against all that is holy in motorcycledom, I will never be able to unsee it.
"Own experiences." What an amazing line.
A guy down the road from me has one. He daily’s it. When he’s not taking road trips on it.
i didnt know about this bike model it looks good but it cost honda company lots of money nice review.
A friend bought one when it was released. Paid 34k. My first ride out with him a guy on an old 750 Shadow pulled out of Tims and rode right into him. Sending the bike and my buddy on it's side across the street. Bike had under 300kms on it. I believe it was 18k in damage. Not sure if he ever got the replacement parts.
there are quite a few of them for sale here. but i really dont like the look of the bike. 😂
New old man at 35 dream, gone is the goldwing.
Lesbian bikes 100%
Wonderful video, anyway Bro can you do an old school enduro review like Honda xl250s , Yamaha dt 250 like?
I bought a R1 in 2004. One of the Runes was in the showroom that day and I remember not being able to take my eyes off of it. It is a beautiful machine but the size of it was pretty crazy. I'm a big guy and the Rune made me feel so small lol
3:28 No performance ,no function ,expensive , just like a Hardley ,then - except the bit about "just make it look nice"
they even had a Police version in the works The P-Rune
Reminds of the Triumph
+1 point for the Conan the Barbarian reference "the lamentations of women and children" LOL
Another excellent video. Riding that monster in the snow when a drop will put you in the poor house. How do sit on those grapefruits?
The Rune of many a man. Well, a few!
There used to be pictures of the 4 concept bikes from which the Rune came into existence. If I'd had the option to choose one, I'd have taken the drag race style.      It's a shame that Honda ended the Valkyrie line with the Rune. Had they continued the standard and touring models, upgraded with the 1800cc engines and EFI, they might have dominated the cruiser market. I love my old 1500cc carbureted models, but I wouldn't mind trading in the fuel maintenance issues and getting a little more power.
TY   That was quite a 🎭 Production 🎭
As I have always said and will always say... You don't make videos man, you make experiences. Ammaaziingg job as always!!
Well said! Happy New Year brother 2023!
Only Honda could create a 6-cylinder cruiser with a Vespa front end! 🤦🏻‍♂️
Almost bought a Rune when they came out.  I'm a Big guy. Could not pick the bike up if it laid over. Could pick up my last 4 banger Goldwing. Went with a Shadow instead.  Never looked back. Rune is a thing of Beauty.
Someone please tell me more about that self jumping bike....
Those mirrors are pure edgelord. The rest is cool.
Was it a 11-minute commercial?
This is infinitely cooler than any Harley Davidson ever.
That parting shot is exactly my feeling towards all wheeled vehicles, 2, 4, or more. To see something brilliant wasting away in a collection, not being used? It's a goddamn shame. Cars and bikes aren't investments, they're machines, to be used. Go out and use them!
I bought a brand new cbr250rr in '99 for 10k aud  Best thing I ever did in my life and I've done some things  If you're thinking about a bike l recommend honda, I also recommend new, most importantly buy new if you're inexperienced as you get new brakes and suspension, a fact that prolly saved my life
Awesome cruiser for sure. Really like it a lot.
You’re completely missing the point. They made for the same reasons dogs lick their balls. Because they can. Let’s face it, when the bike was under development, Honda was  making bank. It couldn’t spend money fast enough. So, for  major milestone birthday, what would you do to suck up to the boss? You kick off a project, in the category that reflects his history and his heart. Then,he will never, ever can that kind of project. More importantly, neither will his reports and theirs and so on. So, look at it a bit like a vanity project that grew and grew. Now, click your heels three times and say, There’s no bike like my own, there’s no bike like my own.
Its like a motorcycle that exists in Superman's 'Bizzaro World'! An absolute disgrace to Honda!!  Were the designers doing drugs when they made this ?
5:07 Busted with a pinaple pizza. Hawaii
Dear Mr FortNine, your bike videos are the best in the business: research, visuals, editing, delivery and subtle humour, keep em coming brother
This was not a mistake
I was looking to buy my first motorcycle in July 2021. The dealership had 3-4 Runes setting on the floor. I seriously contemplated getting one of them. Looking back, I'm kicking myself in the ass for not getting the Rune
It's got a dump truck ass on it 😆
I have owned one of these, was on my bucket list & one came up for sale & i had to have it. In Australia only 10 came into the country ,all maroon with chrome option. they sold for $50,000 , Honda kept one, the one i owned was an import from America, same specs & colour, owned it for over 4 years when i decided to sell it. Loved it, certainly a head turner, more than a Harley
too many games, is it good or bad , i guess both...
Those saddlebags are pretty rare and I'm not sure a bike like that should be sold without them. Riding in the snow with something that large does take balls but it sure looks steady.when you ride it ... those front forks must make the difference?
I sold 3 Runes when they first came out  , 2 went to a husband and wife the other to someone that has a lot of bikes.He still has his.
First video I’ve ever seen of yours. Incredibly impressive start to finish, definitely subscribed!
That`s not a motorcycle its an abused catholic choir boy.
If you can afford to buy one , you definitely can't afford to crash it.
Most EXCELLENT!! Thanks
I love Honda, but to me, the Rune was the ugliest bike they ever made. Engineering, yes. But...
My dad was given one of these a few years back. I remember the day it happened it's still one of the coolest things ilve seen anyone do.
I never thought I'd say this, but: "That bike has a weird butt."
Vomit inducing!
The first time I saw this bike I thought Honda tried to copy BMW. And I thought to myself why would they do this this makes no sense.
So two things:  For construction costs see the Bugatti Veyron - sold for one mil, pounds sterling, cost 1.5 mil.  But they made a Mk II Second point: I bet people notice you on that bike when you are riding.  I bet you don't care because the ride is what it's about.  P.S.  The Veyron Mk II can do at least 425 kph and is street legal.  People buy it for that even though they are not allowed to do that except on a German autobahn.  Sometimes logic is not the reason for the build or buy.  I wonder how many other Honda bikes sell because of it.
I don't know how you keep doing it. Unbelievable production quality video! Just like all those that came before and apparently those to still come.
I sat on one in a showroom once.
Wow, a motorcycle with butt cheeks.  Naked butt cheek motorcycle.
Whoa! Didn’t know this motorcycle or this channel existed. Subscribed!!!!!
Great video, thanks for doing it!
I always wanted one, and now that I am looking for a bike……these were something I was interested in…….till now. I had no idea they were rare and collectible. I just like the concept of a gold wing with out all the grandpa parts! Glad I found out parts are crazy before I bought one!
Another video masterpiece!  You make high art my friend.   Happy New Year
It's ugly
THE BEST BIKE REVIEW ON YOUTUBE
I think the camera man/ drone operator, is the hero, here.
Is this bikes n beards RUNE?
I remember the dealer down the street had one. And they had it for a long time. Nobody wanted it.
The Rune was not made to make money. In fact, profit was taken completely off the table. The result is the greatest motorcycle ever made.
Ugly expensive. No thanks.   I thought Kawasakis were the ugliest bikes but Honda have outdone them.   You can keep it.
It wasnt misteake it just came too early.
I’m not into cruisers,but I love it,love the built in panniers. If I was rich I have one.
I hate this bike I hated it at first glance at a motorcycle show. I couldn't believe they did that to the Valkyrie. It's not ugly; it's fugly, not to mention it "ruined" a great line of motorcycles. Sadly, the Valkyrie died with the Rune.
Fortnine never fails to impress. Didn't even know it was 2:14 am here in FL.
С Наступающем Новым Годом!  Спасибо!
And well-made.
I loved these when they came out, but no way I could afford one☹️ I still think they are beautiful 😍
So cool.
And it's ancestor was the Honda 305 Dream, one of which I restored and ride.
When it came out someone told me about it, i was all keen, then i saw it.
Very interesting video, but it was kind of painful watching that piece of artwork subjected to snow and mud.
You Rune'd it!
I'm not a bike guy, but that thing is beautiful
This looks like a POS you'd expect Teutul and American Choppers to come out with. Whatever Honda designer came up with this concept, should be somewhere asking "would you like fries with that order"
I searched it and people are selling their used ones at the new price. ❓️
and the award goes to.... 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
I started this and see that engine and i was like did he spell wrong it looks like a triumph rocket 😂🤪
You can tell Honda is owned and operated by people who love cars and motorcycles, it's why I've been driving a Honda since 1999.  I looked at a Valkyrie Rune years ago, sat on it, and was immediately overwhelmed.  Not by the price, which is actually absurdly low for the build quality, but by the enormity of it.  It's not a bike you can pick up off the ground if you dump at low speed.
"Bikes and Beards" brought me over your way. I couldn't be happier to have found you. You're like this generations "Bill Nye" for motorcycles.   Phenomenal body of work you guys have put together here.
I had two 1998 valkuries  it was the best model had made the rune was the death of the cruiser .Honda,,what where you thinking?
You're making the rest of youtube look bad....
Wouldn't have it !
This video made me hungry.
The bags were not on the base model,  and they look like crap
I don't think it was a mistake. But it wasn't promoted right, dealers here didn't have shit & still don't to this day. The Rune is super cool but PRICEY. All of the Japanese companies were putting out great stuff then it all stopped>nothing. And some of the bikes they once produced that still are look like shit, which are a couple of entries at best. Runes aren't for everyone & I've not seen or heard of a 50,000 mile evaluation on any of them. Cool color, saddle bags must go & so does the music.
tellya I am a long time cruiser-ha8ter but that is one pretty piece of art and I love the front suspension idea
Beautiful absolutely beautiful.
And the same company decided to swap the horn and indicator switch. Break something  that is working. Something was in the Honda air in those days.
Hey FortNine, did I see your bike on Spadina in Toronto a few years ago?
Beautiful machine. Honda knows how to promote. As an engine manufacturer, Honda has won six World Constructors' Championships, six World Drivers' Championships and over 80 Grands Prix, ranking fifth in Formula One history.
Mmm, timbits...
For anyone interested, the Rune he’s riding has a corbin seat and saddlebags
Thanks for this glimpse. When my dear Brother was 7years old, our Uncle Bill took him for a ride on his Harley Police cycle. I don't know if that was the "Electra-Glide" but similar.  My brother never got over that. So at about age 21, he bought a brand-new Honda 750. He then undertook to transform it into a Chopper. Worked for a few years at a Honda Dealership, learned parts, procedures, tools. Took the thing apart and reassembled it as a Chopper with a long front end and a sissy bar. Took it apart again, and painted hobbits and Wizards and Orcs and Dragons and Castles on every paintable surface, including the INSIDES of the Gauges. Even did Runes on the Chrome with a fer-Pete's-Sake Dremel Tool. Rode the thing for 25 years until he was slowed down by a stroke. When he recovered sufficiently, bought a Shadow touring bike of 1990s vintage. He loved those bikes almost as much as his guitars. I suppose if he coulda played the guitars while cruising on his cycle, he would've done that 'till he expired.
Amazing as always :o
The BEST review of ANYTHING I've seen on YouTube. Great work. Professional job.
When Honda built a bike with Italian design goals. Excellent, nonetheless :)  Also: Sweet Dolly Zoom action at 9:15
No one talks about the hawaii pizza, sneaked in as an canadian invention? Well done F9.
Honda Hai! But this one is , well, ugly, expensive, boring....
You're weird looking
when a manufacturer wants to charge as much as a harley this bike is the result. lol
The bike looks like Aunt Fanny from Robots
You are a veritable poet! Congratulations to Honda and to you! Happy 2023.
man, I cant get used to this guy's voice/looks combination... Young, teeny, playful, baby face, with deep, mature, dark and manly voice. Must be in the top 5 most unmatched to the looks, voice.
I just saw one of these for sale for 20K locally. They are such neat bikes. Thanks for sharing the rune experience.
The only mistake Honda made was not estimating correctly the large cruiser buyer. They would rather buy a oil leaking rubber mounted two cylinder designed in the 1800s. Just look how unpopular the Harley Vrod was. The best designed Harley ever put into production. Harley will eventually go out of business. If it wasn’t for their overpriced accessories, they would already be gone.
"Own experiences rather than things"   You can always count on FortNine for some life philosophy with a motorcycle review.  Amazing work as always love you guys.
Masterpiece.... And I'm referring to the video.
Just think about it, one of the company which  brave as to produce a concept vehicle for drivers , and  you mentioned about  it like a waste? No Respect bro.
This channel gets better and better and better and better
First time I every watched this channel and last.  Don't like click bait titles so didn't bother to finish watching the video nor subscribe.
That is a lovely bike
One of the best youtube vids I've seen.  This guy knows bikes and he appreciates art in engineering...he also seems to like to eat.  I don't know if this is a bike channel or a cooking channel, but this guy rocks youtube !!
Superb production values.  As always, great content as well.
The Rune is one of the finest most sought after bikes ever, it's a classic..
I once saw one parked in the street in Madrid, Spain. Got me obsessed for some weeks
I have been a Harley rider for 30 years. Every time I see a Rune parked, I have to stop and 'ogle' it. I think is the most beautiful bike created in the last 50 years, truly a rolling work of art. Thanks FortNine for a great video! I will stop by again.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder...
My 1st gen valkyrie has the carburetor version of that motor, love that flat 6. Sounds like a classic Porsche and power comes on as smooth and linear as a turbine. You could daily that bike and it would outlive you.
Too ugly and too expensive for me...
What a stupid video.  Gave it 2 minutes then couldn't take the ridiculous crap.
Love the vid. Mate had a Valkyrie [same Driveline] and it looked and sounded awesome. The fastest he had the ball's to ride it at was 240KPH and he said that was at 2/3rd throttle, and that it just started to float at that speed. He said it was so easy to ride as well.
nice
As an Integra guy, this notion of Honda throwing cost of production out the window is familiar.   The Honda Integra Type R was an act of love, the engines internals were carefully hand polished by Honda master techs. Each R was sold at a loss to Honda (financially) but a huge gain in notoriety. Which then makes up the sales in other product.  It is proof they are about more than profit. Hence, their excellence. Sets them apart. It shows in this bike.   Soichiro believed one of his greatest joys was finding a new engineering challenge and overcoming it. So a funky bike like the Rune, with its odd front end creating such good handling would likely be up his alley.
What a fugly bike !
I have a spot in my rec room for that , a beauty.
One of the best castor angle explanations ever... with a pizza cutter!
Top notch quality, as always.
Gotta buy 2 then. One for parts.
Amazing Video Man!! Hats off!
I owned one. This thing was amazing.
God I hate this guy.
i don't "ride", I don't want a "bike" but I watched this till the end. Excellent video.
Im not a cruiser type guy, but the rune has a magical kind of appeal to it. It's a different machine from the rest of the line up, unique and beautiful 😍
A modern Bugatti cost 3 times the selling price to produce... sold to rich people, but paid by VW Golf and Passat owners...
I'm not into bikes at all, but your videos are so good, and the production quality is so high, yet the writing makes me look forward to every new video you release. I tell all my bike friends about this channel.
Watch this video turn these into collectors items and 10X the price within a month.  :D  I want one now...  :)
A beautiful machine , I wanted one when they first came out , just a bit too pricey for my budget
God bless you Ryan, I live in Italy and spend hours meditating if it's too cold to take the bike out almost every day. We are talking around 10°-15°... You canadians are another breed, aren't you?
Have always loved this motorcycle.
Good thing Honda has lots of money or this thing could have runed them. 😎
Can you do a video on the marvelous HONDA MB5, sold in the USA for only one year (1982)?  You may know it was a 2-stroke, 50cc 'screamer' that looked like a mini Ducati, and aesthetically was a work of art.  55MPH, 7.1 HP, and 5-speeds, with a useable powerband!  Fun factor:  OFF THE CHARTS!
I owned one for a couple of years and it was a very good cruiser. I bought mine initially to just flip it but I’m glad I kept it long enough to get to know it.
one thing about that bike you can say for sure: it is special.
I got a chance to ride one for a week it was glorious. Nothing before and nothing since.
Could it be that this video is more about the guy making the video than the intended subject  “ the Rune” ?
If anyone wants their hornet 600 to look like this piece of junk with a fairing kit,  let me know,   if there's enuf interest I'll make a mould.
Imagine if this elephant fell on your leg.
Wow!! Great video.  My first time to find you.  Excellent job.  New subscriber now 😊
I've never owned a motorcycle. At 64, I have no desire to own one. I would buy this motorcycle in a heartbeat. Just to look at it. It's an aesthetic masterpiece.
Amazing. Love it. Merry Christmas 5 days ago.
I say this with every one of your videos, but it doesn't make it any less true. WHAT A CINEMATIC MASTERPIECE. Your videos are small gifts that always make my day. Happy new year!
My local dealer had several Runes unassembled in their warehouse several years after production ended. There wasn't much interest in the bike.
This video is absolutely priceless. And so is that Japanese masterpiece.
That was the best looking production motorcycle I have seen. Honda really made a gem of a bike with the first gen Rune
The overall design reminds me of a modern Triumph Rocket 3
I've watched every one of your videos and I still don't have my motorcycle license. Please never stop making the world's best YT videos.
Not so interested in the  bike, but did you actually order a f*****g hawaiian pizza? 5:06 . Thats not right. Pineapple is on it i presume? Might as well put tofu or worse yet, soylent green.
FortNine aways puts a smile on my face. As always this was great.
Never heard of that bike....neat for sure. My 20th bike back in '82 was the turbo....One per dealer but only $4995.00 Still have it looks like new. Had a cbx '79 silver. My cx is faster after I cut the heads.. Shhhhhh. My latest bike is a modified sur ron. More fun than a barrel of bikes..You put some effort into that video...Great job. Oh I'm 66 by the way.
You know his knuckles super cold
Great video content and awesome editing!
Annoying video.
Note to self: NEVER, EVER let ANYONE borrow my motorcycle; ESPECIALLY RETARDS like this complete MORON, that ride a FRIENDS limited edition motorcycle in the RAIN, SNOW, and the biggest puddles of water he could possible find!!! WTH DUDE?? You would be officially OFF my Christmas card/Facebook friend list!!!
No way that's seen winter roads on a daily basis
love you fortnine hope you had a great christmas!
Amazing shots, man. Hats off for the work you put into your videos ...
The only cruisers anyone wants is a Harley, and Harley is trying to make anything but cruisers.
Can't  believe no one  has mentioned the that thing looks like Honda slept with Arlen Ness.
Cinematography is on point
I can’t shut this off fast enough
I can never fault a company that tries to make something unique and their own. I can if they overlook simple end user requirements or they let the engineers decide what you get and what you don't.
That bike is butt ugly!! I liked my 89 gold wing dresser, Super comfort, air ride, the works,!!!
First...I have no idea why this video showed up in my feed.  I'm a Bimmer guy.  Not a Beemer guy, nor a bike guy.  However, I stuck around to watch this entire masterpiece of a video.  Slick production.  Great dialogue.  And the best looking bike I have ever seen!  That Rune is incredible!  And I live 30 minutes away from the building where they made Big Dogs.  I've seen some nice looking Big Dogs, but none that looked as fabulous as this Rune.  I just wish you had more footage of that Blue one.  THANK YOU for this great video.  You made my night!!
i have mine and i will be riding jan 1st  here in southern alabama and i will never sell it thanks
As long as these have been out I  saw more at shows than on the road.  I was stunned to see a guy. In Shreveport show up at Cinemark to go to the movies a couple of times.  They are drop dead gorgeous scoots.  I just love the front forks, the bags, the pipes.   Heaven
Ive always wanted one, but dont have that kinda money
They were selling some used ones at Rick Case powerhouse… beautiful bike! 😮
I went into this thinking huh Honda’s lame cruiser that didn’t sell well to holy crap it’s a Mona Lisa bike
The whole point was to make a bike that looks cool. And they ended up making something that looks like Satan's pyjamas.
only one of the Engineers or designers could give this piece of crap  a good review ... :/
I would buy one in a heart beat !!
Quite a video! I have no interest in motorcycles but the thumbnail drew me in. This creation is going to develop a legendary mythology, no wonder so many of them are already in collections. It's a strange looking machine but what really takes the cake is knowing that Honda lost serious money for every one that they made. Madness! Mark from Melbourne Australia
I can't believe anyone wanting one. 1400+ is more than I would have predicted.
what a great video well done sir
I will never understand the hate this bike gets.  It will always be my wet dream.
Awesome video, man (as usual); however, the Rune was everything I don't want in a motorcycle. Hideous, superfluous, irreparable.
That is one ugly bike.
Stunning looking machine, and that's from someone who doesn't ride cruisers.  Another flawless video, FortNine.
😲😲😲😲😲😲
Wanted one since they came out. Nothing has changed
I so much want one of these!!!
You just single handedly cut the second hand value of these bikes in half, but tripled the value of the parts.
Fabulous video! Your production quality and information presented are tremendous. Bravo, and thank you!!
I believe this motorcycle is manufactured in the US?? No wonder the parts costs an insane amount of money....
Great video and great bike that defies the conventions of making bikes for profit  Hats off to the Honda of yesteryear who took these leaps of imagination to give us something truly beautiful and unique  Could teach the Honda of today (and all other manufacturers) a thing or two as to why we love Motorcyles in the first place
Good Video, Ugly Bike.
Not an effective street machine; a dying dinossaur,looks like;                             avoid
When first saw one in person a West Coast Honda Marketing Manager was showing it off in Little Rock.  When he asked me what my impression was I told him it looked like a 1956 Buick Roadmaster with a set of handlebars attached.  He looked crestfallen, but my opinion hasn't changed.
Wooha! Your videos are prestigious. Feels like I'm watching a movie everytime! 🤓
It's ugly yet beautiful at the same time, it's a compliment to be told your bike is ugly, it's different that's all.
Snow tires?🤷‍♂️😎😏
i wouldnt even ride it in the rain much less snow
excellent presentation and really entertaining
ugly, overweight, over sized and handles like a piece of lead ....everything a motorcycle should not be ...
Meet Ryan, the luckiest man alive...
I remember seeing the magazine ads, when it came out...  I still think it has some heavy Final Fantasy vibes...  And I still think its cool!
Simply stunning
"But if you twist its titty".  First time I've heard it called that.
Excellent ending man
Thanks man to make me discover a new bike through such a great (as usual) video. You’re as special as this Rune bike…
Twist its titty? Haaahahahahaaaaa  this guy cracks me up!
What a beautiful bike, nice review. Of course, this was done as a design exercise, for designers, engineers and parts suppliers. To work on this project would have been a 'reward' for Honda staff, similar to when they brought out the NSX. Even assembling the NSX was considered a privileged job. Like all OEM's, they need to keep up on new materials and processes.
Very nicely produced! Great video editing, funny jokes, if only I was a motorcycle guy...
I love watching your reviews of everything on two wheels!  You are truly the best at what you do sir!  Keep up the good work.  More reviews of more bikes.  You have my dream job
Not related to this video, but can anyone tell me why the Super cub is not available in Canada?
This video made me want to go buy a pizza
At 1000 lbs. you better believe this behemoth has gravity.
I put a deposit on one at my local Hinda dealer when I saw the Rune, but backed out after the dealer added $10k to the price. And only had black.
There is a Rune in a museum in Wetaskiwin Alberta Canada that has NO MILES on it. The bike was ordered by the museum from a local dealer, delivered by truck, and placed in a glass viewing case where it still sits today. What a waste............
"the 2004 honda valkyrie rune makes zero business sense." .. yeah just like buying an apple computer .. ;P
In my humble opinion, Honda's biggest mistake with the Rune was a missed opportunity.  Picture this, a Rune powerplant and driveline in a top level trim package Goldwing.  They would have sold millions.
Never understood the obsession with large heavy bikes for city riding. Touring ok, I get that.
Beautiful bike, but did it ever rune?
Does it get at least 30mpg?   If it does, I'm in.
First thing I did after watching this was check your a Rune on sale near me. Can't afford one now but this could be an awesome 2nd bike that is meant to be shown off only like an old muscle car .
I love my 2004, the only issue I've ever had with this bike is that it eats front tires for a living. 3000 miles and you are overdue for a new front.
Mistake? Au contraire, mon frere. It's a terror weapon, it's a polished targeted missile that works, it is designed and built and polished to scare the living daylights out of everyone. It's prima facie proof that everything which doesn't make a profit isn't unprofitable. It's easy to laugh at the loss of money, the attention to detail, the irreplaceable parts, but it's no laughing matter at all when the realization hits with the sheer fright of understanding deep down in your soul in places you don't talk about, places you'll never admit exist, that the minds and hands which made the Rune are what you're going to be competing against if and when you yourself ever decide building motorcycles near your own domicile is a good idea. Sell that concept to a banker, investment group, or stock market, the business case you can make a good profitable motorcycle nearby when a company like Honda is making a thing like the Rune. Go ahead. Sell it. Then look at the Rune. The Rune is a terror weapon, a thermonuclear business bomb, a statement in an openly published business case about what Honda is gonna do to anyone who jumps in their pool and makes a wave. It's a damn good thing we throw money at real useful weapons like Honda threw money at the Rune. Polish your business case carefully, and Slava Ukraine.
Why in the world would you leave such a bike out in the snow?
i like this guy, he really gets it.
Who the hell wants to ride a 1,000 pound bike in the snow?
The Rune was gorgeous. I would have never put bags on it.
That muffler sounds like a perfect candidate for additive manufacturing.
It is a beautiful motorcycle and better than most custom builds.  It was, in a way, the modern CBX 1000.  Honda saying look at what we can do and it is art.  Great job again Fortnine!
Man, I ALWAYS enjoy your videos! Thanks!
Brilliant production and subject matter - worthy of an Oscar.
Look any way you want, that thing is pig ugly. Not a bike in my mind
Thank you! This video makes Christmas complete!
Business-wise it should be called the "Honda Ruin", design-wise it should be called "Honda Kardashian" because from the side & rear it looks like Kim Kardashians A$$.
My father had one. He had a rattling Harley and went to Honda to look at a Goldwing. The salesman told him how rare and exclusive it was and that’s all he had to hear. I was sitting in kitchen with mom when he came home, she looked at him and said “what did you do?” Great bike, but completely wrong for him. He sold it about a year or so later, and went to a Goldwing trike. Great riding bike. That tail and bags are after market add ons. The bike comes with a slammed fender that looked great and no pillion.
I saw the rune in person at a bike show.  Magnificent machine.
How about a 300lb dual sport with a 500 cc sport bike engine and a top speed of 100 mph?
Same concept as the Bugatti Veyron, a vanity project that costs several time the retail price to make each one so the company loses money on every one. Nothing wrong with that for people with bottomless pockets and companies prepared to spend that amount of cash on a loss making project (wonder what the shareholders had to say about it?). The engineering is innovative and has to be respected and may find uses elsewhere. The looks though.........art to some, a genuine hippocrocadogapig to others including me I'm afraid but beauty is in the eye of the beholder I guess.
This has got to be one of the most American thing a Japanese motorcycle manufacturer would do.
One…ugly..Mo…fo…
One minute was enough for me
It's Just Like A beautiful custom handmade English or Italian firearm with Incredible engraving and a stock of beautiful wood built by a Craftsman to fit you like a glove. You have Two choices it sits in a Safe for the rest of Your life or you take it out Into The Field, and you hunt with it. The first time you scratch it, or Ding the stock you cry. And then after that you just enjoy it, where it belongs out in the field whether you shoot it or Not, or Get Any game, Makes No Difference. Just having it out in The Woods, Where It Belongs. It just becomes part of you. and then when you die your family can't wait to sell it for probably 20% of what it's worth.
they left the design of perfection on the drawing board and left the room,HONDA built the best bike in the world already,then did the same thing with this thing,upsized it ,they all do,they design excellent bikes then try to reach perfection which was already reached,the CB 750 K1-K5 was the pinnacle of success,what they do,changed it,to a a CBX 6 CYLINDER,what happened, ruined it,when you hit the target right dead center,splitting arrows means squat,they all do ,HARLEY did it,make a good bike and leave the design on the cutting room floor,HARLEY made damn good machines,then tried to make 5 different machines out of the same bike,stupid,this HONDA THING RUNE,is ruin,its big bulky,and i wouldn't have it sitting in my driveway,let alone ride the damn over designed piece of junk,225 million is a drop in the bucket with HONDA,kinda reminds me of the two stroke suzuki water buffalo,strange to look at ,wouldn't want to take it home,this one no thanks,i'll drive the past,its fast,its two wheels,gets good mpg,no electronics,no sitting on the side of the road,in this comercial,if you stop on this road of frozen forrest,a bear could eat you and the cell phone,the RUNE,nothing happens to it
The best morotcycle!
The Britten V 1000 had the radiator behind the engine (Spoiler alert - it worked fine). It also had Hossack front suspension (spoiler alert that worked as well and it further shortened the wheelbase). Honda basically redesigned ordinary bike engineering. There is nothing really new or groundbreaking about the Rune.
Ruine would better match the project
the original Valkyrie was a great looking bike (at least when silly high bars were not used). Rune was just plain ugly AND they failed with that silly front end. Edit - They failed on every level.
The rear of that bike is definitely targeting a certain ethnicity
A very well crafted video, to match a very well crafted bike.
After looking at that Pizza topping, I have lost all respect for you!
It's like I'm watching a movie
The bike belongs in the hands of a rider, not a collector.  And I'm sure that's what Honda would've wanted. They were trying to create some loyal customers with this bike I think, that's why losing money on every single one was acceptable.
I don;t think I have ever watched an automotive or MC channel that was sooo well done. The final transition was priceless.
Great looking bike. Terrible looking pizza.
Fantastic. Who writes the script ? Heads above all other automotive reviews.
can you not throw the rune keep book like that. this throwing thrashing dropping good items behavior to look cool, is this western thing that i'm too peasant to understand
Limited production run, thank god for that. Stick pins in my eyes, or look at that thing? Let me think, stick pins in my eyes.
It's a lounge suite not a bike
Merry Christmas and happy new year to all the f9 family! Would love to have one! In Germany, The old valkyrie is hard to find and relatively price stable. The rune was not sold in Europe, I think...
For the dirt id still take the T7 every day of the week, a tourer id take the Tiger, I dont know what country is telling you to do t7 spark plugs every service but its not in my country, and T7 isnt more top heavy then a Tiger, oh and dont drop that tiger on its crash bars, i know tigers written off but not T7’s from that exhaust mount and welded subframe its just another one of those internet myths
This was at the peak of the custom motorcycle craze you could watch bike building all over cable TV and the general public was totally tuned in to it, Honda had to do a custom for their customers too
Fantastic video. Nobody has the production value of FortNine. You guys ROCK!
Not a motorcyclist. Just subscribed. Damn, you’re good at this.
Mistake? Yiiikes
The Rune really is a gorgeous bike though. Art deco to the core. If I had the money I'd be all over one.
this video is just like the 2004 Honda Valkryie....over-engineered and painful to look at.
Hasn't anyone heard of insurance?   Who cares as long as long as you're not paying for it.   That's one of the reasons there is insurance.    What a beautiful looking bike.
What an exquisitely beautiful thing. It gives the impression they set out to achieve a goal regardless of the cost. That's how you create a legacy. Reminds me of the Mercedes 600 Grosser.
The Power of Dream.
Is a beautiful bike. I remember seeing the first one in Daytona years ago. I had to settle for a 1800 VTX that year.
Don't criticise the Central Committee of Honda TsiKH. You have been warned.
i'd buy one tomorrow if i could
Seems like if I ever started riding again I’d be disappointed if it weren’t on this bike
This video is an epic work of art!
I really liked this video made me feel good merry Christmas!
Ive ridden yz 2 stroke 250, 450 ktm dirt bikes. Then I rode an r6. Had more fun on the dirt bike. Can't imagine riding that heavy piece of shhh
It was never a mistake.
Totally cool film. I watched because I'm a huge Honda fan... bought the first Accord off the truck in '76, owned a 4 cylinder 500 1972. And have always admired the company. This Beast is a gem and I don't know if I would call it a mistake ; )
1:21 Hey that's the Timmies down on Marine drive by the Iron Worker's Memorial bridge.
The departing message is the truth.
I was wondering when FortNine would get around to the Rune.
Tim Bits, a Hawaiian pizza all for a Fortnine Buff-EH! The hoser in me approves.
I’ve never seen nor heard of it. Very interesting
Honda built the rune for the same reason that Lexus built the LFA and that reason is because they could.
Honda could build this for 150k per bike but they couldn’t update the ST1300 🙄
I know little about motorcycles, but the intriguing image of the bike caught my eye, so I watched the video.  The production quality of this presentation is absolutely fantastic.  If they give out awards for outstanding motorcycle YouTube channels, brother, you got my vote.  I mean EXCELLENT!  It was a joy to behold.
❤❤❤❤❤❤ Love your meticulous video work. Bravo!
It's so large, bulky, not energy friendly and expensive that it will be an much too expensive cult classic in the years to come.
Rumor was Mr. Ray Black, Honda USA, Torrance, CA wanted this bike and pushed for production.
This was one of my dream bikes. After this video, i won’t be able to afford dreaming about it.
Saw one of these last year at my local dealership, they sold it in a day and a half.
Killer Bike! Looks like it handle's like a Tractor 🤔🤨😕
In 1999 I bought a brand new Valkyrie. I loved that bike. In fact, I loved it so much It lived inside my house going in and out via the double doors in the back of my converted garage mancave in my house. My wife tolerated it. I finally sold it in 2021. When the Rune first came out I went and looked at one, drove it. It was a quality machine, no doubt about it BUT the things that made it so unique were why I didn't buy it. First off insurance was more than it  is for my CTS-V... adjusted for inflation anyway. This is because of the cost of having to replace all those beautifully made parts should an accident happen. Next was the cost itself. I just could not bring myself to pay that much for a motorcycle (never mind that I bought a $105,000 car that is my current toy).  I buy cars and bikes to ride and drive, not to polish and look at and for that kind of money it just wasn't what I wanted so I spent money customizing my Valk and being happy with it. Not to say though that if a Rune comes across my path cheap enough I wouldn't have to make another space in my mancave again though....
9:56 What are those cars?
Thats a great ending, also for this year. Salute 🥂
I had no idea! Love it! Thanks for a great video mate!
It was not a mistake.  Honda knew perfectly well they would lose money on every Rune.  They've done it before and since.  Let us all pray they have not lost their wanderlust for being able to build anything they can think of, and will. .
I have one for sale in Chicago. No joke!  My client is in his 80s and will never ride this bike again. Less than 2kmiles. Will entertain all serious offers.
I have only seen one of these, it was owned by an American chap living in Spain, incredible looking bike. I suspect Honda built it purely because they could.
Hondas Advert matched the product apparently, effing epic
I would have you caned if that was my bike.....
Where's judge Dredd when you need him
The Honda Valkyrie Rune, the greatest production motorcycle ever made.
Like d'avance as a measure of respect
I suppose Honda just seems too generic most of the time.  They needed to show their brand is unique.
Best video of the year. Merry Christmas.
For 14  years I rode a '76 Honda CB-750-Four all over the country.  Purchased in Toledo, Ohio, I rode it from Michigan to Pittsburgh to Florida, and then to Dallas.  Eventually I wound up married living in Fort Lauderdale, and I sold it since the advent of the cellphone makes it just utterly unsafe to ride a motorcycle in south Florida.  When I lived in Orlando, I had a living room with a mirrored wall across from the TV;  I kept the bike in the living room in front of that mirror.  If I wasn't going to ride, I removed the tank and poured out the gas, but it never leaked or stank and my visitors loved it!  My brother lived with me for a while and his cat would jump up and snooze on the seat.  That bike would start with the kick starter all the time, the button was broke for  the electric starter but since it was so easy to start....I never replaced it.  I still get the urge to ride now and then, and a Rune would be cool, but what I really want is an original CBX!  1100 cc air cooled inline 6, they sound like Ferraris.
Sometimes, I just go on Fortnine, select AutoPlay, and then go do something. I have my favorite channel on as background noise, and they can free views. Merry Christmas.
Epic video bro
you never ask for likes, yet you make videos that make me want to press the like button several times in 1 video. Just brilliant, every time
Someone had one of these for sale in my town. It also came with a matching trailer. Can't imagine how much it cost, I never asked.
Fascinating video. A completely hideous motorcycle and I bet none were sold in Europe?
I can't work out which I like the best:  the Rune or the video... Each is a masterpiece.
The production value of this video is great !
The only power cruiser I have desire for... A strong desire
Sounding like one of the best purpose handling motorcycles ever built, (purpose being easy effortless everyday capability,) surprising when it's only goal was to be stylish. Need one
You keep raising the bar with your videos. Thank you and Merry Xmas 🎄
god  its gross  wouldnt be seen dead on it  worse than a Milwaukee tractor
Awesome video!  Love the Tim bits, so Canadian!
THIS MOTORCYCLE ITS THICK
Honda is a beautiful brand
Take a spinon an arch
So if you want something that weighs as much as a Goldwing with none of the practicality and looks ugly as sin... the Rune is your bike.
Excellence production and entertainment as always F9 👏
FOR THOSE  OF YPU  WHO  WANT  A BEHEMOUTH  WITH  TWO WHEELS.
Just love it, Ryan using a Rune as a winter back 😂😂 Another time when we used to get flashes of brilliance from Honda, then they go back to making two wheel two cyl white goods fridges, ignoring their own fine four cylinder engines in latest 750 Hornet & NT1100's ! No-one else picked up on Honda having the cheek to charge 30% more for the 750 Transalp over the 750 Hornet ??? 😡😡
I would have thought that the fork design would make it HARD to steer through "the shortcut", which is slow and twisty. The high rake angle AND the 9 inch front axel trail should make the forks dive hard at low speeds. For example, a chopper with long forks (high rake angle) a slight lean at low speed makes the front tire dive a lot in the direction of the turn, making the bike want to turn even harder with a smaller turn radius. At medium to fast speed this means that the bike rapidly accrues a stabilizing centrifugal force (Yes, I said CENTRIFUGAL Ryan! I'm an engineer!) on the entire bike to stand the bike up vertically. This is why choppers cruise nice and stable down long straight highways, but are terrible for slow speed maneuvering. I would have thought that the Rune would be doubly bad in this regard.
merry Christmas and happy new year to you.
Own experiences. That resonated.
Great.  Now I want one even though it’s completely not my style of bike. Thanks.
tbh the bike is fresh af
Yer script got the poetic chops - "...lamentations of women and children." lol.  Would love to hear your take on what's missing in the electric motorcycle experience.  :)
Is that pineapple on the pizza !?🤢
Well done Honda I didn't think you could top the NR 750 but here we are!
The proverbial answer to a question no one was asking.  Your buddy will likely not be happy you have been riding it through salt, sand, muck and such, not to mention leaving it out in the falling snow.  Great video as always, gorgeous bike for sure.
Something this silly make me glad i am not certified to drive something like that. Also with the inside of the muffler removed making it FAG LOUD i am sure everyone will just be laughing at me.
Not a Honda guy but I like it.
Great vid! Entertaining and informative. Well done!
I love these little gifts of various manufacturers. They're usually far out of my price range, when new... but there are a few examples of these budget-be-damned machines. The 1st gen Bugatti Veyron. The VW Phaeton... all of them freakin' awesome.
Linked brakes means going down on gravel .
...just spectacular...!!!
Just horrible, why would anyone want such a ghastly monstrosity?
Such machines have no chance of success in Europe.
I remember the commercial about this bike. My cousin and I wanted one because the stunt rider was getting sideways and making it look too easy.
Excellent Video Man! The production quality on this channel just keeps going up and up
Back in the 90s I test drove a v-max. My friend said "know what you are dealing with". Oooo but he didn't tell me. I went about 1 mile when a guy on a 450 honda wanted to race. I let him pull about 50 feet ahead and going into 3rd I floored it without touching the clutch. Luckily I was pointing the right direction because I rode a wheely fishtailing the back wheel. I haven't the skill it was luck, I turned around and took it back to Scott. I still believe that I never told him about it the front shocks bottomed out one was flat. An awesome motorcycle and that was an 80s bike. Wheelie at 100 mph. My previous largest bike was a 650 special slow but run as long as you want.
And I thought I was mad dropping £50k on a failed business... making a temperature control jacket as it happens...ps ..It worked, for runners, cyclists, motorcyclists, footballers ( soccer to you) and more. My friend once had a bike called a Honda Super Dream, or Super Plop as we knew it here in UK . The 400 cm version was actually ok.. in the day !! Happy Hogmanay to you. X
Another cracking vid, Ryan, you are The Man ; )
absolutely horrid styling.
the Honda Valkyrie Rune is one of my bucket list bike i want to own!!!!
Best looking production motorcycle ever
Man your videos are so good. I hope your making good money from these. Some of the best content on the web IMO. I learn a lot too! Thanks man
I love linked brakes. It would make a great trike.
It is a gorgeous ride.
Not to brag, noooo way... I own 2 of these beasts. They are as awesome to ride as they look. I got a lot of friends with cruisers, most of them customized more or less. A lot of them frowned the bike seeing it the first time. Like that engine looks terrible (no V-twin), it's too silent, the front/back fender is strange etc. I told them ok, got 2 of them. The blue stays as it was created, the black you can customize. Find a way to make it look better, propose the concept, I'll consider it. Later on all came back to me saying they give up, haven't found the way to make it look better. I'm not surprised, The Rune is just perfect. Ps: the sidebags were aftermarket extras from Corbin. Also that saddle is from Corbin, not the original.
Obviously Fortnite doesn’t edge. What do you mean? “ why build a dream thing if u can’t live the dream”
The RUNE is and always will be my favorite bike !!   Like others have said,  it’s ART.
"So what good is owning the dream thing, If you don't live the dream?" That's Gold Brother.
Most american bike if there was ever one.
Absolutely top tier production, it cannot be understated... I hope you get an amazing production deal some day, you (and your team) deserve it.
Happy New Year!
As always, your presentation was informative, interesting, and fun. Although the Rune was never on my wish list, it was cool to learn about Honda's development process with this model.  I hope everyone out there appreciates the superb video editing in this episode. I can't think of any other motorsports channel that executes such capacity and finesse. Cheers!
Cool review.
Ugly in a way only Honda could design. Honda needs to get back to function defining form like their early days.
Epic bike, epic review! Only Ryan can make us want a bike we've never considered before inside of 10 minutes.
I didn't agree with the mistake part. They set out to build something, had a design contest with 4 different models and built the one that got the best public response
Honda built these to show they could. A statement. We’re STILL Honda. These were NEVER about the money.
The production of this video, time you took for al the angles, drone clips, editing, etc... amazing! Just like the this bike itself!
I owned one, I wish I still had it.
a masterpiece as always
Your videos never disappoint!
Broke my heart to see you drive through the puddle
The rando dude biting it on the mini bike was hilarious.
The bike, yuck, this video, really well done and produced. And I was a pro video/film editor for 25 years. Great job in post dude.
I own a 2014 Honda Valkyrie, and the Runes always looked like sculptures to me. Every now and again in the DC area I see one out on a nice day. If you're ever down here and want to ride a second gen Valkyrie, it's all yours. Happy holidays and a safe new year to you and the crew.
This is like the Bentley under the motors. 😄
Your the Best you know that right.
I did not know that !
A hideous bike in my opinion. I'd have to go back to the Pacifica to find a Honda as ugly as this. The numbers on it's production just adds to the WTF factor. 🤦‍♂️
Damn that sounds nice dude
I love it when I stumble across a video that has little interest it the subject for me, but is so well made with such high production values it is fun to watch. Well done!
We sold 1 rune at the dealer I worked at. I thought it was cool actually! And driving it is 100% better than riding a BIG DOG chopper or some sniff
Nicely done.
Its not about the money…
Love this bike, love your video, you made me want one more and I didn't think that was possible
Dale's Fun Center in Victoria TX has the only known Rune that has not been fueled or fired. Kept inside in a climate controlled environment since it was uncrated off the truck. They also have a few kawasaki sportbikes from the 80s or 90s still in crates. There are definitely cooler bike shops but Dale's has some neat stuff.
Your filming and story telling has reached a new level
This motorcycle is a middle finger to every moto bro, Harley hog, euro guy and offroad priest.
It would be worth buying a big house to put it in the front room, just pure art, but the other half would object to polishing it to keep it looking good.
I was waiting for the next generation Valkyrie with the 1800 fuel injected motor. Instead Honda came out with this $25,000. custom that appealed to very few.
These vids are almost TOO well made . . .
Great video,Great job in everyway.What city was it made?
Phenomenal video bro.
This is the most unapealling piece of metal i ever saw
The production value of these videos is so amazing. I will never ride a motorcycle. I have horrible balancing issues. But I keep coming back to these videos just because of the passion behind them.
Endeavours like this probably make designing (for instance) a new ST1100 (after the ST1300 debacle) impossible .. "They" are still trying to earning back the Rune losses .. Lol
I am reminded of a saying in the Japanese sword collecting community: _"If a blade cannot cut, then it is not beautiful."_
It's a similar story as the VFR750 (Interceptor), Honda apparently lost money on every one sold due to overengineering following the first VFR disaster. It did however save the companies reputation, so probably worthwhile in the long run. Hats off to a company that creates an item because it can, rather than down to a budget.
The V-Max was Yamaha's million dollar mistake. Hardcore bikers liked most of it, but all of the chrome parts were made of plastic.
Own experiences? Great advice 👍 I love it! Dreams are that hard to catch,but experiences are what we create. Hey, love the tongue in cheek by the way, all out great video.
💪👍
❤
Did the internet come to try and kill you for a pineapple pizza?
Anyone can appreciate a company who is willing to sacrifice money and resources just to make something truly unique.
Funnily enough I also give myself a gift at Christmas. This years gift is a Suzuki V-Strom. Merry Christmas to me.....
A motorcycle shop here in Canberra Australia has a few for sale a while back.  They had no price tags on them and I didn’t bother to ask because I didn’t want to know the answer (dream on).  They are a thing of beauty though that I admired from a distance just in case.
that back end got me acting up
What year(s) were they in production ?
I was putting off watching this video cause I don't like cruisers, but boi am I glad I watched it
Good Conan reference!  I really, really like the bike but then I also really, really like Goldwing. Dear Santa...
It was a flex of their engineering ability and an opportunity to make something truly different from anything.
Jesus, it’s like Lizzo in motorcycle form..
rights dude looks good tho. looks like ur riding a spitfire with no wings down the road lol fucking love that you rode it. i would. bikes designed to be ridden man. merry christmas dude
My grandpa bought one when they came out and I got to ride it a few times. Smooth as it gets, heavy, powerful….basically a rolls Royce on two wheels
I don't know much about motorcycles and don't even ride but I've always loved these and how they looked like a work of art. I thought the price was insanely high for a motorcycle but now I see that it actually wasn't priced high enough to make a profit and _was_ made as art. Other bikes I think look good too are the Suzuki Boulevard M109R BOSS and the Kawasaki Vulcan S. But I also love the aesthetics of stripped down old Cafe bikes.
honda often does things for no other reason, but because they can. bikes, cars, personal jets,lawn mowers,generators.they filled the world with reliable 2 strokes long before the first cb750 was designed.
I think they "ruined" the Valkyrie when they went to the "Rune".  I think it's ugly as 5h1t.
How can you guyz make such great videos
Your videos are simply the best on YT
@5:30- ding-dong-ding-dong! For your caster demonstration, you had the axle leading the steering angle for extra INstability! Maybe a bit pedantic, but happy holidays nevertheless!
There was one of these at my local bike/parts store a few years back. It was wild, at the time I didn’t even realize how out of reality this thing was. It just looked like a crazy custom bike that fell through a hole from another dimension.  Best part was they just had it in the pile with all the other big Chungus bikes. I remember it being not cheap, but also not crazy expensive compared to  some of the two year old goldwings and road glides.
Not gonna lie, this one looks stunning.
you have single-handedly ruined my chances of getting my dream bike.
Definitely a gem.. great presentation as usual.
I remember a local Honda dealer had a Rune in Purple when they first came out. It was an incredible sight to see. A total work of art.
I’ve sold 3 of them over the years. I was always told they only had plans to build 1800 (1 for every cc) in 1 production year but got greedy and built around 2000 of them over 2 years🤷🏻‍♂️. Whatever the real story is I think that they’re pretty neat bikes.
I would rather have a Rune than a BMW R-18
I think it looks awesome
Welcome back with a bang! Great video on another brilliant Honda motorcycle that nobody has ever heard of.
That is feckin ugly. Give me a Honda Vstar any day.
I can't believe you actually made me like the hideous thing haha.
Looks like Honda were trying to out-Harley Harley with this design.  Probably go down a storm if you're into American bikes, doesn't really do it for me though
It's sickening to watch this bike being ridden in those conditions.
Very clever video - not so sure about the bike though !🤔
yup, 100% agree. Do not buy things to have them. Buy things that give you an experience. I bought a nice computer to have fun gaming, streaming and playing with friends. I ride my mountain bike because I like to go get my km's in for exercise and do some nature adventuring and tangentially to that I own a camera to take proper photos of my nature adventuring and the neat things I see... then circling back to the computer I then use that to edit the photos and then make prints to give as gifts during Christmas time.
It became my favorite dream motorcycle once i saw it on a Bikes and Beards with Sean reviewing it. This motorcycle could be redesigned by Honda, maintaining its design while changing some of the materials used for its "casket", in order to make it more acessible to the average wallet in the end. After all, i'm pretty sure this one is way more confortable than any of the modern Honda Rebel, including the 1100cc version.
I imagine it could be good, great even, but it's hideous to a dirtbike rider 😳
Ridiculously ugly and terrible proportions, ive seen freshman designers sketch up better looking concepts
Just a little Cascade Loop run past Sedro Woolley on the 6 banger! It's so stable it doesn't even look like there's any torque rock when you twist her titty!!
A beautiful motorcycle. And they are not cheap.
Now I want pizza.
What a great video!! Thank you!
I think it's as ugly as reindeer with mange.
Quite the artistic production.  My hat's off to you FortNine.
I once knew a guy who triked one of these. He crashed it and wrote it off on its first ride after the trike conversion.   He seemed indifferent, but I suspect he was probably somewhat disappointed in himself really.
in that opening sequence, I kept waiting for a patch of ice to take you out !!!
Why the fender in the back has to be so ugly…
holy balls this is the best motorcycle channel on YouTube
Seeing this dragged thru the cold and snow is pretty criminal, kinda gross.  I didn't care for it when it dropped but I like it now.  I'll stick with my 87 Magna though.
Best channel on YouTube.  Proves it every video.  👍
I’m a sucker for bikes that are no longer manufactured. In my garage I got a VTX 1800, Victory 8-ball Vegas, and a Yamaha Roadstar Warrior
5:50 This guy is such a sellout, he used to diss on imperial units but now even uses "acres" figuratively.
Use the metric system already!
5:40 There's no self-alignment when the axle leads and the fork trails
1:57 454 kg 2:23 3 dm 2:25 81 cm 3:02 97 kW; 190 N·m; 27 m/s 4:06 23 cm
It’s pronounced ‘Ruin’
1:18 Is that linkage fork‽ Based
So the Rune was almost the Ruin of Honda's profits?
Sarouman's bike
There are few Youtube channels I would mentally critique with the level of attention and consideration I otherwise reserve for feature films. And fewer still who I end up grading among the finest. Impeccable work as always.
Long ago I saw two of these advertised on craigslist. Haven't seen nor heard of them since.
The back of it looks like Aunt Fanny from the Robots movie
Is it for sale? Been looking for a long time
This is strange, looks like a future retro bike made for a sci-fi movie... Great video!
I still want one. Sickest cruiser ever made in my opinion.
Neighbor had one of these things growing up. Always thought it was wild
Merry Christmas Ryan.
Brilliant!
I almost want to buy one now!!
Honda just do stuff right, and the Rune seems to be justified by every mass-market 125cc workhorse they pop out of their factories, every 'good enough' overweight midsize sports bike that gets written off and replaced in the first year, all goes to fund a bike where someone just made what they wanted.
The Rune is an awesome machine. I’ve ridden 3 different Rune’s. I nearly purchase one although bought a new, left-over 2014 Honda Valkyrie. It’s the superior riding and handling bike of the two. Just try to replace that front tire. It’s a difficult and delicate process plus it’s a one-off tire by Dunlap so it’s expensive. Please don’t ride that Rune in that crappy weather especially if there is salt on the roads.
This video should have been the advertisement.
Very well done.
I love your work Ryan, excellent writing, presentation and production - keep the videos coming!
Had one, sold it. Regretted selling it. It is too bad this one has the ugly Corbin bags on it. Also, the rear passenger floorboards are aftermarket and ugly. This did not come with passenger accommodations when new.
You're calling it a mistake and every respondent loves it to death.
I pooped today....and just because of that I gave this video a like 👍
Honda the GOAT for that!
Had the opportunity to ride one of these when it first came out. A monster of a bike. But worth the ride.
I still remember the print ads for this bike. This might be the most beautiful motorcycle ever made.
Until I saw this video I would walk right but it. I have seen a few of them here in South Florida and thought they were new Valkerie's. Not my style and way out of my price range. I would rather buy 2 bikes for that amount of money.
I dreamed of riding my father's bikes. His PanHead reached firey chariots levels to this red head. Turns out those masterpieces are also outside realistic budgets. When I finally managed to purchase my first street bike, it was a lovely Honda 500. Leaking pride, I called the dad to let him in. 'Great son, what did you get?' Question answered, 'Do you know how stupid you look there?' I clearly had not. Lost my father many years ago, but not before I lessened the sting of his Honda opinion by calling years later about my first HD purchase. Better to have cold feet than look stupid imo.
Most Australians won't take their "pride and joy" out in the rain. Ryan F9 .... "Looks like it's going to snow today, might take my mates $150,000 concept bike for a spin".
who is the idiot who let you ride this bike in the mud and snow???
ever get tired of all the "great video" comments which add nothing to the discussion? like this one? megalomaniac
Please do some cars.  Like weird ones.  Vw golf pick up for example.
HOW CAN YOU DRIVE A RUNE IN SNOW!! THE SAAAAAAAAAALT!! THE CHROOOOOOME!!! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I like it.
The price is irrelevant anything that looks that ugly is a mistake.
A guy at my old job had one. When I first saw it I was truly blown away. I had no idea what I was looking at. Reminded me of a The Game Final Fantasy. Wild looking motorcycles.
I love you and I love your channel 🇮🇳
Suddenly would love to own such a bike.  Didn't even know it existed....
Honda flexed on the motorcycle industry and no one has yet to respond!
I just watched the entire video in 1080p just to soak in the masterful shots 🤩
The design of this bike is still ahead of its time. I would have bought one if I could have found one.
Had my chance to by one back in the day and I now regret not doing it
I’d be down with the looks without that front end side profile. Trailing arm just doesn’t do it for me, would look better with the whole assembly moved back
Love this bike!!
Hhhh😂
Well that was fantastic.
Amazing story; I don't think I'd consider it a loss on Honda's part at all. Merry Xmas (late) and thanks for all the really great videos you make. You're the only guy that makes me want to dump some of my retirement money into a bike! I would, but am reminded of all those mosquitos that I scrape off my windshield of my car each summer--LOL!!
Best mc videos online
I live in the same climate and would never ride in the snow, the absolute balls on this lad. Would also worry about the salt buildup
With all this bike is and with its extreme rarity, and you just did irreparable damage to it with the road salt. Nobody who loves bikes of any sort would do that.
It's a marketing piece, and if you factor the cost as a percentage of sales, it's not even a rounding error on a spreadsheet, yet the return on investment in terms of marketing results: cheap
I wonder if we will get back to a point where a manufacturer does something like this. Let's just build the best bike we can, rather than units sold. Today's market the best products don't get developed the most sellable products do.
Art on wheels! I remember seeing one in person for the first time. I seriously considered taking it home, unfortunately it was already sold. C'est la vie
I have the 'limited edition' Daytona 765 and was thinking of selling it because it's 'precious' and 'limited'. I love how it handles on road and track, but I didn't want to risk the carbon fiber or devalue it. The hell with that; the joy (for me) is in using it as intended. Thanks, Ryan and team!
amazing
I like it. Not sure I would ever buy one though Cheers
As always your videos are unparalleled in production and entertainment. Keep em coming.
This is yet another splendid mini film. I love your work, man. I hope you are rewarded - somehow.
10:18 bruh y’all are ridiculous. This is a YouTube video and y’all putting movie production in this
The rune is as special to the bike world as to fort nine is special to the moto-tubes. 🤌🏻
The rune is beautiful and the attention detail is unmatched. Is it the logical? Not one bit. is it art absolutely...
See you next Christmas!
The only bike I've ever consistently wanted is the Rune.  Even bike guys always think I'm crazy, most find it ugly.  I have always seen it for what it is, a love letter to motorcycling engineering.  The single greatest homologated motorcycle any large company has ever had the balls to manufacture.  And Honda, even now, is still the only manufacturer still willing to push the envelope of what is accepted.  Many fail, but every now and again, something really special is created.
I owned a 2004 blue Rune for one year and put 10,000 miles on it. Extraordinary machine. Incredible attention magnet! Cruising at 90 on the freeway with one hand on the throttle. Rock solid, planted. I have never seen those panniers before, are they aftermarket?
the ad was true. i started this video out thinking its ugly and how much i would change the exhaust, but at the end would not change a thing.
Fortnine makes videos like no one else !!! Merry Christmas to everyone who loved motorcycles!!!
Now the Rune makes sense. It never made sense before. Like a “Hawaiian pizza”, that just does not make sense.
Enjoyed the review as always, but Hawaiian pizza! You’re dead to me. Until the next video obviously.
Imagine if Ryan wrecked this bike before he knew it was so special
Anyone else cringe a bit when Ryan slapped the engine guard bar and you could hear his ring hit it? 😬
big 6 cylinder engine, lots of chrome, still only tall enough for a starving vegan to ride and not look silly!
I think it cool looking
6:12 FortNine is filled to the brim with beautiful shots, but my dear is this one. Many compliments, again!!
Any thoughts of comparing this motorcycle to the 2014-2016 Valkyrie Goldwing? It would be an interesting video.
As anyone who gets grease on their hands knows. Although a engineer can make something absolutely amazing it also comes apart in a very particular way. Sometimes more than liked even. You end up damaging something from forcing it out rather than studying the way it’s placed.  When tru engineering comes into play it is beautiful
Nice production Sir. 1 thing that caught my eye was the miniature "tear drop" mirrors.
I loved where 2 guys had one .. said it took. Forever to replace the rear tire ...it was fast and it was very good looking for it's era ... It didn't have the Corbin saddlebags like this one has in the video
i like it
If Honda can only build quality cars as their motorcycles. Their quality cars ended late 90s.
Great Video and great way of handling sponsorship without the cheesy plug segment.
Mistake?! It was Art! And an instant collectors edition! They could've made their investment back, they chose not to... the Rune was/is a Great Bike!
not reading any other comments, to avoid the obvious repetition admiring the quality and content you made here. amazing!
Also, please do the DN01 next. 😁
I couldn't figure out why the motorcycle looked SO familiar... then you cut in the commercial. That wizard knew what's up.
Holy shit.....I'm not sure what I'm more impressed with....the Bike or the quality of your video.  Well done!
Honda built these to show what they can do. The engineers had a blank slate and thats why there is very little parts from the "parts bin". Having driven one of these about 15 years ago I have to say it was the most planted bike on the road I have ever driven. I would love to have one parked beside my F6C Valkyrie. Mine I have from new, mint, and the rarest color Black Copper only 80 made. For sale at the right money!
I've actually saw one in the wild this summer, end up chatting to owner for ages about this bike. It's actually amazing they were being sold that cheap at some point.
Dude, just awesome
Request to make a video on whether potholes are more damaging or speed breakers.
Didn't George Clooney have one?
Rune? Should have been the 'Rube'! Beautifully built, no question. But bloody hell it's ugly! Then again, beauty is in the eye etc! Got a Fortnine video out of it though, so there is that!
What a nice machine!  And what a nice, very nice vid !    Thxs !
I've had to Google this, I'd never seen it heard of this bike, don't think it made it to the UK Thanks!
That’s one FUGLY bike
I only saw ONE HONDA VALKYRIE rolling and I followed it for several kms until the driver stopped for refuel and I was lucky enough to enjoy it for 20 minutes (touching almost every part and ignoring my wife's embarrassment for my childish behavior). .. And you drove a HONDA VALKYRIE !!!! More than a lucky guy, you are a rich man (here in Luxembourg insurance for this type of "rolling toy" is crazy) !!!
Prestige projects! It encourages innovation.
Great video. There are two for sale in Australia listed at $40k with 20,000km on the clock. I think they just went up in value.
I miss my Valkyrie
Top tier content creation.   Thank you for yet another wonderful episode to close out the year.   Happy holidays everyone!  🎄
You gotta hand it to Honda for designing a bike not for money, but as a sort of "thank you for appreciating art for what it is: ART." The design team, the engineers, every single person that had a hand in this knew they were making something so unique and special that those who could find one would always cherish it
Wow
You sir along with your team are legends.
That Blue one just Pops!😍🤗
Remind me never to leave ride with you. Enjoy your videos.
You know how Bruce Willis's nickname for Kevin Smith in Live Free or Die Hard (2007) is "Dump Truck?" I can't help but think of that when I look at the back of this motorcycle.
this channel is division of perfection.
Never got into its look but it's cool that Honda built it. I've seen a few mild custom Valkyries that I'd rather own, and they're quite a bit lighter. Honda says 794lb so where's the 1000lb figure come from?
comment
Before I watch.....I love the Rune. I like the look and would love to ride one. If I was swimming in $$$ I would have bought one when they came out. First saw in person at a bike shop in B.C, sitting on mirrors and surrounded by velvet ropes, total 'Show' style.   I am a Yamaha guy, but hey it is a Honda, it can't be too bad. Honda makes a good bike. Ok on with the show...I know I won't be disappointed with this 'film'.... - Cheers
And people wonder why production bikes don't look like their concepts.
Crazy to drive that torquey of a bike in the cold? or is this normal Canadian practice? Do they sell winter motorcycle tires for bikes in Canada?
That bike almost runed the  company.
Honda was trying to get a better reputation.
The Ruin makes about as much sense as the CBX I totalled.
My local Honda dealer took one in on trade about 5 years ago and never did sell it. I remember he told me I could buy it for $9k out the door, just $1 for each mile it showed but I didn't want no part of it at the time. He told me it went to auction and brought $14k.
Just butt ugly..
It looks like  a prop model from a steampunk movie.
Create a movie, ur clips are epic!💣💥💥💥
I remember one being ridden around town years ago. I never knew how rare it was, much less the risk the owner was taking.
I rode one for a few miles... it is by far one of the most spectacular motorcycles Honda or ANY manufacturer has ever made. That being said... I couldn't stop busting my shins on the valve covers. Totally worth it.
That ain't me or for me. Sumone might like it
Consider where your soul will spend eternity, heaven or hell.  You don’t want to end up in hell because you rejected the Sacrifice Jesus has made all who repent and turn to him by faith.  We are all guilty of sin.  We lie, steal and look with lust in our hearts.  We are all Guilty before a Holy and Righteous God.  GOD is not just all loving and overlook your sin.  He is loving but sin He will Judge because He is Perfectly good. The Good news is God the Father sent His Son Jesus Christ who was perfectly Holy to pay the penalty for your and my sin out of Love for us.  We can’t keep the Law we break most all commandments.  But Jesus fulfilled ALL by his perfect thoughts, words, deeds and motives for us because we could not. Jesus loved all humans and God the Father perfectly.  Turn, repent of your sin and confess Your thankfulness for what Jesus did for you.  Put your faith in the perfection and the righteousness of Christ.  Jesus was raised from death to give you new life; death has been defeated. Out of love and grace eternal life is promised to those who have faith.          ///////////////////////// / . .
I used to have a toy i think a 1:18 scale from Maisto. I think it's still in my room. Sitting on top of the cupboard.  I was so amazed how different it was from my other motorcycle collectibles. Now i know why.  F9 you the best
The Honda S2000 and Acura NSX made zero business sense, but Honda showed you what was possible and upped the bar a bit!
As always great videography, can't miss Fortnine uploads.
Looks ugly to me.
Honda remind me a lot of Sony. They are going to make this product the way they want to because “they know better than you” and sales be damned 🤷‍♂️.
Shoot, I own a 2022 BMW R18 Transcontinental First Edition that cost me ~ $29k USD, and that bike is a work of art! I worry so much about laying her down that I bought saddlebag crash bars (since BMW doesn't include them) and I've been riding for a couple decades now! LOL
I’d totally love to get my hands on one.
What an interesting video.
I used to sell Honda motorbikes and got to ride a Rune once. Was pretty cool.
What an amazing video. So trick, amazing video,  creative story. Somewhat hard to follow. Still I have been taken with this rolling piece of art since its debut. Awesome video.
"Christmas" is a "pagan" custom
Own experiences. Bam, that says it all!
Mistake or not, something really made me like this bike.
A true beauty!
Best looking bike?  Probably
I bought one Brand New from a Honda Auction at it’s Ohio plant, which was then shipped to me in the UK. I dreamt of owning one and when it arrived in the delivery van at my house and rolled into the driveway …..it was truly “Batman’s Bike” …..an astonishing bike to look at because Honda made it?! I put 2000 miles on it, it attracted so much attention ……yet, in the end I sold it because it was soooo heavy, the suspension had to be soooooo feckin’ hard to cope …….it wasn’t comfortable. At speed it flew and the rock hard suspension managed but sh!t all ground clearance. In reality, as stated, it was a Concept that became reality, amazingly exactly like the Concept. So, I owned the dream, lived the dream, rode the dream ……and sold the dream …..because it was really meant to be parked/displayed imho ……but, my oh my ……Thank You Honda. For 2000 miles …..I was Batman! 😁
Have dinner ready, but suddenly feel like Pizza.
FortNine is a can't miss yearly Christmas special for me. And by the looks of it, for a lot more people too! This is currently the number 26 most trending video on YouTube today. Merry Christmas one and all!
I leave this channel for a few years and the production goes through the roof? 10/10
I saw one of these at a bike show once- I had no idea what it was at the time and didn't realize how special it was. Thanks for the footage well done.
Literal crotch rocket
It's something dark and deep in Honda's cultural DNA. Every decade or so they just say "Let's go for it" - The first NSX, NR750 oval piston, the S2000. None made much business sense but it fulfills the needs of engineers who are given free reign.
I wonder how many people got that subtle Conan reference! 🤣
Wow.  You put a shedload of work into that.  Very enjoyable.
Hear hear Ryan, collecting experiences instead of collecting things makes life a whole lot more fun (and affordable).
Always bring a smile to my face. Another excellent video
I still just need a KLR 650 thanks. But all bikes are interesting.
I have seen and ridden several. The Rune is a masterpiece. But I am way too broke to ever afford one.
Those opening shots are pure dream. Love your work
Really great videos, the quality has something special, and its the imagery.  The bike I could not say, its really something.  I don´t want one, I want one.  Its probably not very reasonable for lot of riders because of its material to life memory.  Honda is really some of best makers of design.
I sold one to a friend and he loves it.  Big hit at Sturgis.  I love these bikes, very special.
The coolest mirrors.
That’s one ugly bike I’m sorry….What a garbage bike…
The most I've ever enjoyed the appearance of a bike before is "that's pretty cool". But that thing, that thing is beautiful
I need a link to the video he watched in the office.
Meh a concept vehicle is a tech test platform plus publicity. It's isn't necessarily a waste of money
Interesting that He referred to his BMW and not Ducati 😊…
"So what good is owning a dream thing if you don't live the dream? Own experiences. Merry Christmas." -FortNine
It's such a timeless design that it wasn't until the ad came on at the end that I realized it was made in 2004 (I didn't read the video details before watching it)!
Nice work reviewing one of the oddest "production" bikes ever built. I was working at a Honda dealership when they came out and we had one on the showroom floor. I sold close to 300 bikes in the year that it sat there and didn't have one serious buyer. This was in the SF Bay Area too, so there was no shortage of people with money to burn on quirky things. I left before it sold and I heard later that the owner himself took it home to add to his collection. Probably doesn't have more than 200 miles on the clock.
I have a friend who owns one and I rode his bike once. Wow, what a beautiful ride. Powerful without being obnoxious and so smooth. I always thought it was due to the front suspension. Fantastic bike!
So you thought you'd get drunk and ride a rice grinder in the middle of winter 🙄
Riding through the puddle and “weeeee” was epic.
The Valkyrie Rune (that's its name in Europe) came out when I was 19 and I wanted one so bad even though I wouldn't have been allowed to even drive it, it just looked so awesome.  Now I'm 37 and I'm sad I'll never be able to get one and that there will never be one like it.
Dude where is Aneesh? His editing was dope!
Love the art deco rear fender.
Do a 2000 VFR
05:40 that was the wrong way around for the way out :)
Wow!  Are there legit awards shows that I can vote FortNine to win?  Wow!  Also, Honda, Wow!
These are one of the rare channels where I DON'T watch videos at 1.25x or faster. Such well crafted genuine videos !
The level of production value alone on these videos is incredible let alone the information value.
The line from Conan the Barbarian was genius! Merry Christmas!
Videography and editing is unreal!! Who works for you 👀
An impressive but supremely ugly beast
Love the Buff-eh joke!
You are so funny! The best Canadian export!
With my life experience with luck I can honestly say I am fortunate to not have a Rune because it would not end well.
There's at least one less left than they made, because I know a guy who got T-boned on one. 😒
Can I please have your motorcycle?  Thank you.
Only someone who hates motorcycles would drive one in the snow and salt.  You should be reported to the motorcycle cruelty association for motorcycle abuse.
Why isn’t anyone talking about him driving a big heavy bike since the snow set in.   I’m sure it wasn’t just at random. Just for the video and someone drove it a few times in a car. At least that’s what I would’ve done 😂
I'll never get tired of your sarcastic mug. Keep 'em coming, please.
I remember there was one of these on display at the Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport when they came out. Beautiful machine.
Asimo was a bigger mistake than that. Going with hydrogen fuel cells is another.
You’re awesome and getting better!!!  Love these!!
These videos are getting better and better. The last frame is a magical elf with a wrench. Is that the warranty elf?
Honda have built some turkies over the years.
I'm impressed.
How about the Honda CR300l rally… RALLY! Also, pull some strings and ask Honda to produce the 450 Rally, thank you sir :)
Old Man you Gottit can I barrow your friends bike?  P  L  E  A  S E    !
Santa should ditch the reindeer 🦌.   Get Honda Rune.!   Sure wish he bring one to me .    Got to love Honda .
Its ugly
Sounds like at this point it's kind of like buying a 1970 Hemi Cuda. You buy it as an investment, not something to terrorize the streets with.
You.must have been the only one to have ridden this in the snow - wow!
Terminaly UGLY!! Would not take one if they paid me!!
That is beautiful,  I'd take one of these over just about any production bike
I have a friend who has a Honda rune he bought brand new. He custom made an exhaust for it. Man it is a cool bike. Very fast too.
Triumph rocket copy.
Lovely video. Honda, contrary to popular impressions, is as batshit-crazy as any company in the universe. Love the Rune…and the original CBX….and the tiny in-line fours, fives, and sixes they raced in the 1960s.     I have actually seen a Rune in the wild. I nearly fainted.
Timbits, pizza and marizipan(?)! Worried about your diet Ryan, just cuz I love you and need ya round to make the best mc vids on yt
Always liked the look of this bike.
It just doesn't get any uglier
you have to appreciate when a company does something purely for the love of the game. sell enough rebels and civics, you can write off statement pieces that people talk about decades later- or even better, keep in museums
А Болту на тест так и не дали 😡
Just shows you how different cultures think very much respect for the Japanese. Building things of your dreams are not always about profit. O my GOD can I say that about western greed.
---- as a former Honda dealer, I have to label this as the most hideous monstrosity of a motorcycle ever  -   this thing makes a water buffalo ( remember them ? ) look sleek and nimble.   I bet the owner is really glad you took his expensive POS out into that winter ride  -   the cleanup will take days and cost him hundreds:  I'll betting the cost will come out at about $1 per pound
fortnine being epic as usual. merry christmas!
You filming with a drone in cypress?
Lol I love this show. The production value is amazing.
What gloves is he wearing?
meanwhile on yammie noob: "bererrrp berrp berrp berp berrrrp ugly wretched thing berrp berrrp berrrrrrrr i don gitit"
875 Lbs with a full tank, which is about 50 Lbs more that a full dress Gold Wimg. . Tank is not baffled as well as it should be, so sloshing gas can rock the bike side to side at a traffic light.
Every FortNine video, I think the artistry and production values can't get any better, and every video, they do.  How can this keep happening?
Got my blue version off ebay about 7 years ago for $ 15,000 USD. Had 7600 miles on it, which worked out just right, in that a used bike has to have a minimum of 7500 miles to register in Cali if an out of state bike.
BMW 1800. Yet Honda dont have the pedigree.
Merry Christmas 🎅 🎄
I've ridden a lot of bikes, but I've never even seen one of those Honda's on the street other than 2 videos, bikes, and Bear and your channel. Thank you for bringing us such a beautiful bike and explaining a lot more about it than I ever knew about the mechanics of the bike. 🎅😎🇺🇸
To be honest, I hate the exhaust and the rear end.   I prefer my 98 valkyrie for styling.  To each their own.
I honestly yearn for this bike
Another great present-ation, thanks and seasons greetings.
Great video as always. I don't even own a motorcycle and probably never will, but Ive watched all of your videos!
Kinda like the bike version of the Lexus LFA
I find it ugly but I own a 98 Valkyrie
did any other bike company made something even like this ??????   honda rules
Excellent just plain excellent. I’ve never seen editing like this … WOW! Impressive as hell and I’ve only watched 2 minutes so far. Forget the bike, you’re talented beyond riding and way into video editing. Very, very impressed!
Imagine the times we used to live in to make that possible. Amplify it x10 today, but stupider.
PURE JUNK
Nice post-credit snippet.
It's an absolutely beautiful machine. But not particularly practical.
I had a 02 GL1800 and I currently ride a 1500 Valkyrie… Honda really got it right with these bikes. The bike you look at is not the bike you ride. They look so big and cumbersome, yet they ride like a much smaller lighter bike. The low end power of these bikes really enhances the rider experience at all speeds. They handle fairly well with lots of predictability. As ALWAYS, great video done insanely well. I love this channel
Well, *that's* ending the year with a bang. Superlative stuff, Ryan.
You've done it again. Brilliant!
Al Lamb's Dallas Honda still has 2 of these on their showroom floor, never sold, never titled. I marvel at the absolute ridiculousness of the Rune every time I go in there.  Is it unique? Of course. Is the "wow" factor there? Oh yes. Is it remotely practical? Not even. All of that being said, it is a marvel of engineering and I don't think Honda ever intended to make money on it from the start, they could never charge enough for it and had no desire  ( or ability ) to mass produce it in the numbers required to offer the Rune at a marketable price. It is a masterpiece of extremes, but I cringed during the whole video with the snow and water and then tossing the one of a kind owner's book casually to the floor. YIKES!
When my parents first moved to Missoula (half way between Glacier Park and Yellowstone Park, my brother and I went exploring the neighborhood. Me with my CT90 and him on his DT175. It was snowing, icy, miserable - and we had a blast. Happy Holidays.
BMW R1200Cl
The bike wasn't built to pad Honda's sales numbers. It was built to prove Honda could build the best custom ever. They succeeded. The Rune's fit and finish is so impeccable, it looks like it was entirely hand built. Makes Harleys look like they should be sold at the Dollar Store...
Watch out for the black ice!
Who is this guy and why do his stories of insight, intellect and incense tickle my ears so? Great video, no better than great, Keep em coming.
How did honda built this back in the day to absolutely butchering the 2023 ressurrection of the Transalp?
This video was so well done the bike was made even better by it.
It’s how I feel about my FTR RALLY
Top quality video ! With some amazing video production too (e.g. the top shot at 05:00)
The faint screech is either a sonic vortex of back pressure, or the lamentation of women and children. I'm dying 😂
Merry Christmas Ryan. I want to thank you for all of the information and entertainment you bring me every year.
As ever a simply superb video Ryan - brilliantly researched and written, wonderfully filmed and fun to watch - top marks for setting the bar so high for all us others….bravo sir 👏🏽 - Oh and Happy New Year…see you at ABR in the summer 🤓
Eh, I'm good. This video is as close as I would need to get to one. Doesn't catch my eye regardless of what else, design, engineering and expense, went into it. Appreciate your time, effort and excellence that went into the education/awareness of the thing though!
Canadian pizza looks gross
One of the me best motorcycles ever designed and manufactured. So much character!
If Honda didn't pay you for that detailed and entertaining review they should at least give you some track days.
I rode one of these when Atlas Honda in Bristol VA got one in, thought about it for a day...then went right back up there and bought a 1800 VTX-R! To this day I still consider that to be one of the better choices I have made in life...
Love the video editing, very clever. Insane bike.
If you told people that don't know this bike. It's the new 2023 Bugatti motorcycle.  They would believe it
That baboon butt rear end is disgusting....
Honda too makes mistakes😊.
Beautiful bike but I'm more impressed with how you filmed it and the transitions are awesome.
So I'm not a motorcycle guy but I find myself watching and enjoying your content. They're always entertaining and informative. The production values may be the best I've seen on YouTube. Well done to you and to everyone involved.
My dad has 2 of the first gen valkyrie. When the rune concept came out he was salivating over it. Shame wasn't ever able to buy one.
Dope channel........I like everything you've done . Your crazy for riding your bike in the snow that just hit Washington state. I can't get out the driveway
...... not riding it to keep the miles low is like not banging your girlfriend. You are just saving it for the next guy........ Merry Christmas and keep riding the dream.
5:40 him not rotating the cutter correct is kinda anoying to be hounest... But ffs the rest is so satisfying ta watch as always
I love it !
Another masterpiece from Fortnine, superb, thank you to all concerned.
Bruh, I loved the styling of it. Damn shame it is so expensive...
❤
That thing is purely what dreams are made of. It is a work of art and beauty, but I would never want to own one. Sometimes it is a blessing to perform the art of appreciating things, but not wanting them. And thank you for proofing this is motorcycle also shines in the art of engineering.
I remember the ads in the magazines… hell, I’d still buy one!
And.....Ryan wins YouTube again!
Own Experiences... My moto for the next years. You are totally right. Merry Xmas and an excellent 2023
I have seen the Rune in IRL a few times and I love that bike.  I would love to own one.
It accelerates like an astronomical constant...that's a genius line
Taking a classic bike out on damp salty roads....ouch! My OCD can't take it!
We'll all be Runed! The Rune is up there with the oval pistoned Honda NR750 for "what were they thinking" creations. Ultra rare and fiscally crazy motorcycles. Four wheeled examples that come to mind are the Bugatti Veyron and Lexus LFA.
Here in Latvia, I saw this bike for the first - and only - time somewhere in 2006-2007. It was parked in an empty part of the parking lot near the nearest grocery store here in capital Riga. I had recently bought my long-time dream - one of the early digital SLR cameras, the almighty Canon 350D - and had it with me all the time. So I took a gazillion of pictures and remembered that this was the most beautiful bike ever made - and the most beautiful bike that would probably ever be made (yes I know Keanu is making something - but I don't think even those things can hold a candle to the Rune). After I spent abt. 20 minutes photographing the bike, one of the most well-known politicians here in Latvia appeared from a nearby house and rode the bike away (the guy was well-known for having crashed an airplane... which he presumably had built himself - also - a former chairman of the national bank - which is probably how he could afford the thing). Anyway. Well done for the video - and best New Year greetings from Latvia.
Sat on a few at dealerships. I remember reaching out to see if I could touch the front of the headlight...nope. 😄 I did buy a new 2003 GL1800 and wished I could also get a Rune to go along with it.
Basically Honda's "NSX of Motorcycles".
Possibly the greatest motorcycle video of all time...
they should have spent the money on a Crosstourer replacement, that's where the profits are, touring Adventure bikes, VFR1200x was let down by its weight, thirsty engine, and lack of equipment, the Africa twin is too underpowered and chaindrive.
Masterfully done.  The video and bike!  Thank you and Merry Christmas!
Ryan you've once again knocked it out of the park! Merry Christmas to you and yours 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿
im not a bike guy but dame your wondefull
Dogs breakfast.....and 3days to clean the salt off the chrome!
What a beautiful motorcycle   Shame it’s so friggin expensive lol
Doesn’t matter what subject it is. FortNine videos are always entertaining and incredibly well made. Thanks for this year, and I’m looking forward to the next one 🏆🙂
Nice one. I wished my collage teacher had taught us the chassis geometry as well with pizza cutters.
I wonder if Honda could make a bike that ran on Tim bits??
So you're saying it runed the company?
the video quality has skyrocketed feels like I am watching a big budget TV show
Every so often manufactures make a vehicle that is not about money it's about showing off just what they can do. I bet although they lost money on each bike sales of other bikes increased so it may not been as financially bad as it appears. It's like racing there is no direct profit in it but the prestige that comes with winning reflects in sales
While I couldn't care less about motorcycles (though I do own one trike) - these videos/production of your are SOOOO GOOOD that every day I find myself looking for one more to watch. Great storytelling and production. Bravo!
You absolutely managed to turn what has been described as a company flop into Honda's heartfelt gift to riders everywhere. Amazing. I'm in tears.
Wow, what a video!
What!?!  Wait!!  Like…. really???!!!  I’ve never seen one, never knew it existed and I’m still processing… the design, the engineering, the aesthetic, that you’ve been riding it through snow and puddles.  This is what the internet is for!!  Me in dressing gown in England on Boxing Day gets a glimpse of something astounding.  Thank you Ryan and team, that was both Christmassy and mind-bendingly trippy.
I'm confused...you ride a mototrcycle in snow? Aren't you scared of slipping and crashing?
Merry Christmas and a happy new year to you mate. Really appreciate the effort you and your team put into these great video's. The wit, sarcasm and humour you inject into each video is what makes you so enjoyable to watch. A big G'DAY from Australia.👍👍
It looks much better from the seated position but from every other angle it's one ugly motorcycle.
I think it is ugly
Ha ha! Hilarious! 7:00 - "She starts low, mournful, but if you twist its titty, you begin to hear this underlying screech - I think that's the sonic vortices of back-pressure, but it could be the lamentations of women and children" PRICELESS, like the bike!
The sound of fossil fuel motors is aweful
Solid cinema even thou i dont like the bike. Your the best in motorcycle creator video
Tim Hortons is so expensive in the UK
A few examples of this beautiful machine made their way to India , with 110% tax on imported vehicles it cost us twice as much to begin with however the bike has greatly appreciated in value here they sell at around 40K USD today. Have been fortunate enough to clock some miles on this legendary machine and   truly a machine like this does come once in a lifetime. Merry Christmas too all.
Merry Christmas, Ryan. Awesome vid as always.
This is my dream bike. Never thought I'd see it here. Those tail bags are really cool.
Great video like Always. Stay upright in this weather.
Amazing video on christmas fortnine.. youve done it again.....
Working in 'lamentations of the women', in a motorcycle video...gosh we're spoiled.
Saw one in the wild at a big bike parts swap meet in Mid-Ohio. Pointed and told my buddy, he said, "So?". I said, "Dude. That is a Rune!" Ditched him and went to go touch it. The radiator is magnificent. I only ride older cycles, in the 2-5k range, but I think Rune is worth every penny, and I was saving up to get one, back in 2005. Gave up in about 2010, and bought my first brand new cycle. A KLR 650.
Amazing production as always
Im glad i stayed till the end XD
Let's just say Honda's continued production on this model was.... Runed.
This is like peak Top Gear. (Before it devolved into the Three Stooges skit show.) Only better.
Its not a mistake that honda made, this was Honda's gift to us
Rune used to be a common name in Sweden. So I associate manly to old men. Not a good looking motorcycle.
Another cinematic masterpiece, I don't know how you constantly do it. The Rune truly is a masterpiece as well.
Similar to my Honda 2014 CTX1300 that Honda only made for 1 year...
The script, the production, the effects, the cuts, the storytelling...top notch. I'd watch your videos about golfing or whatever...
i want to see you do a reaction video to the "motorcycle aliens" skit from "I Think You Should Leave"..... its the very first one, in the very first episode, and its on netflix.......... i know its not your normal thing, but its like 2 mins long, and it would be pretty cool.
Good vid
Honda makes he most non-American of all cruisers, and the Rune exemplifies that. Not my cup of tea, but what a stunning bike nonetheless.
If I was your mate I'd pissed you rode it through that water so you could squeal like a school girl 🤦‍♂️😆
Honda makes the best ATV's no maintenance even required a buddy still has a 15 year old Honda quad that he uses every year and never had a single oil change its whole life. He literally did it just to see if he can and won't listen to anyone when they tell him its never too late to do it now.
Never understood America’s obsession with bikes that don’t go around corners.
This wasn’t a mistake. Why are you saying it is?
6:09  nobody gonna ask how you got this shot?
Fantastic! WOW!
So, how many of you looked on CycleTrader to find one? I did, 20-27k. There are 4…
This man is an artist.
I had to watch this twice, back to back. I was hoping you wouldn't trash the *RUNE* because it's the only custom bike I would like to own, but only if it's *STOCK.* Honda made this machine to prove who they are. They are the --- *King of Motorcycle Makers* ---  So what if they only started after DubDubDos. No one else has the engineering chops to make this bike, let alone the $$$ or ¥ to pull it off. No Hog or Duc or Beemer or MV will ever come close to the zenith of engineering or manufacturing prowess that is the  *RUNE*
Nice bike
Ryan and team, you are all simply the best in the business. Thank you for this. I had never even heard of this bike and you're quality is top notch as always. Entertainment value: through the roof
funny how honda still reigns supreme how ever, started with the 305 dream and with the cb 750 4, not the K series but the 69 honda 4m where it all started
Who else is brave enough to ride in winter?
Love it
Fresh snow on the ground, check.  Neck gaiter, check.  1000 pounds of irreplaceable motorcycle, check.   I miss the bonkers Honda.  The Honda that would do things just to show they could.  Now, people are wowed by parallel twins...  Ooooh, does it come in beige?
I hope it's not salted roads 😵‍💫
It's Frankenstein. Piece from this. Piece from that. Big, strong. Instant classic.
An amazing bike.  And I absolutely love your presentations.  They're more than videos, they are Hollywood quality presentations.
It was definitely something different.
Interesting review, can you also review the Honda DN-01
Very nice Video! I wonder if Jay Leno has one?
I never liked the Rune. Now, I like it even less. Extra heavy and extra expensive, but less repairable. Economies of scale and mass production for the win! Drive something replaceable and affordable. it's easier to have a good time without worrying about your bike.
Harley davidson, you might want to pay attention to this.
Canada requires snow/winter tires on cars in the winter. I’m surprised they don’t have a ban on motorcycles in the winter
Your parts pricing segment does not scare me any more than my bike.  Try buying parts for a 2014 BMW R1200GS.  The LED headlight alone is $1800.
Amazing video as usual
😎
You make is sound like an HD special paint job
World class video production quality 1
Great video!
"twist it's titty" fucking disgusting
My wife loved my 04 CBC Rune, we had to go buy her one of her own so I could ride mine to work each day.  She opted to get an 04 in the Illusion Blue paint scheme, and we each have nearly 70,000 miles on them today.  I can't imagine ever selling mine.
your video-skills and entertainment value gets better all the time .. having started at a high level
I always thought they were stupid and Fugly, Now I want one. I'm going to Kijiji now.
What a beautifully shot, well-produced and efficiently edited video.
Ugliest bike ever created
Merry Christmas Ryan.
My late uncle owned one of these, in Malvern down on the Welsh border. Sadly, since he lived a few hundred miles away, I only ever got to see him ride it in photos, and he passed away before I could travel to see him (and it!) on my own. Even as a kid I was always in complete awe of the thing. I love Honda's habit of occasionally just going waaay off-piste and making utterly weird concept bikes, just because they can.
Honda is like those old chap that silence youngster with "I could create something 100 times better if i wanted to" and they do answear if challenged... Once in a while...
The quote from Arnie in 'Conan the Barbarian' is brilliant!
I think it's a really cool cruiser.  I wish I could safely operate it.  Like the Gold Wing, it's too much for me to handle.  Love to ride but know my physical limitations due to shoulder surgery and age.  Wish the styling came in a smaller version like the Shadow.
OMG! I want say thank you and your team to create so highest quality content! Wow! P.S: and huge thank you to person who make sound quality in so high level: one level, no up and down! THANK YOU
So the LFA of bikes
The fact that they built it years ago. Shows you how advanced they are.
It’s booterful❤
A bike I forgot even existed! Damn man, what a gorgeous bike!! That is the most beautiful use of a Goldwing engine I have ever seen!
I'd rather a piece of pizza
Merry Christmas 🎄you lost me at dads motorcycle in the garage never had a dad.
I was teaching motorcycle riding for one of Honda's Rider Ed Centers when this was released.  This and the Dream 50R were released at the same time and I was asked to go to an AMA road race and help the sales folks with explaining these two bikes (and the rest of the Honda line) for that year.  It was quite the task, especially as I didn't get any info on the bike until I got there.  Well, at least I got to go to the races for free.  The only thing I could really come up with was "Well, the prototype bike got out to the laboratory and onto the manufacturing floor, then out in the wild."
Excellent work, nice content and better production. Congratulations!
Holy $hit. My shop has been typing ripping one of these apart like a gixxer600 because of a small nose our customer didn't like.  $1000 for a master cylinder reservoir...wtf
I will own one someday and I will ride it, Merry Christmas.
Best production on YT for sure!
IMHO catastrophic mistake for Honda from a business perspective in both money & time, from a design perspective, confusing like the Vrod when HD introduced it, just not directed at a target & a bike designed by somebody Not attuned to the market, will there be fans?, certainly but limited appeal, making parts available sketchy.
I can't decide if this bike is ugly or beautiful.    It's both at the same time
"A berried treasure is no treasure at all" 👍
This guy look like sam bankman
Honda > Everything
Regardless of what this is and how and why. Its still a shitty looking cruiser 😅
Is it bad that I can tell you do a ton of your filming up Grouse Mountain?
Soooo beautiful.
Lol and now Harley does the same with vrods and shortya
This video makes me want to watch Elf, with my bike running in the background
She wasn't a mistake. She was just under  appreciated
I've always wanted one of these. It looks so cool and my 5'4" height is able to pick it up and flat foot it.
I delivered TWO of them to a customer last summer. He said he crashed his original one and it was totaled by the insurance company because the front forks and wheel costs $25k+. I have no idea where he found two more to buy. Fyi...he's a rich guy. Lol
That’s going to be a 50k collectible in like 10 years
I’ve sold a dozen of these. Awesome bike.
04:35 God damn
jesus, how well is this video filmed!!!!!!!!!! stunning!!!!!!!!!!! :-)
I've seen this bike in a few MC YouTubes. It always brings to mind the comic book Judge Dredd. Go check out Dredd's bike. Maybe Dredd was the inspiration for this MC.
spectacular video!!
Dammit Ryan. If you keep blasting up and down Mt. Seymour you're I'm going to buy another bike. I'm too old for another midlife crisis.
2004 VTX I rode from Houston TX to Chicago last year. That bike pulled hard !! I could just imagine what this bike would have felt like?
Kind of  like being married to Taylor Swift. What good is a dream if you cant afford to ride it?
where can i put a second thumbs up?
Honda made their money back with the VTX. Now they build some of the  most unappealing motorcycles around.
*A review for a bike I will never get to purchase... even if I get to come across one.* Good job, great show.
That bike is fucking beautiful
Own experiences. Sage advice.
Great ride 👌💪
This dude is so fucking creative I am impressed everytime I watch a video. Each video is a little movie. He should be making his own show on Netflix or something. Imagine if he had an unlimited budget. I totaled my bike in September and broke both arms. I have motorcycle right now and I couldn't even ride one of I did have it. At least I can watch these and still remember what it's like to ride. Thank you!
A deluxe pizza? I`ve been an ardent follower, but that makes me wonder if you know what you`re talking about. That sure as hell is one ugly motorcycle.
does it come in runite blue
7:43  anyone have the link to that video where the forks just drop out from under the dude?
Fantastic,  something I didn't know.
This thing is amazing.
0:01 anyone got a link to these boots?
I've seen one Rune in my entire life and the owner said it this way: "If you want something that gives you the time, you simply buy a Timex. But if you want something that gives you the peace of mind that it was created by a master, you buy a Rolex."  There are finer things in life that cost incredible amounts of money (Real Cuban Cigars, Bentleys, private jets) and the Rune literally "rides" up there with those finer things in life. Every inch crafted to tell it's owner "you are truly riding something special". Great video and an awesome description of this machine!!!
2:40 is that exposed cords on the front tire?
Anybody that has a Rune and wants to get rid of it, drop me a line.. I'm happy to take that mistake off your hands. 😃😃😃
Clearly I'm in the minority - I thought the run was sexy as hell.  Had I been in a position to buy a newish bike at the time they were around I would have been all over it.  Such a fantasticly unique looking bike.
I was never a fan of the rune. To me it’s a chopped up gold wing you were able to get off showroom floor. Cool, but definitely not my dig
I had a Rune for 5years it was great
Kinda sad we never got a best helmets of 2022 video
I want to live in a FortNine video. They’re always so cozy.
Own experiences. Wise words.
if santa rids he rids a rune for sure
What a ugly thing.
It's actually a beautiful bike.
If I had one, I would name it "Poon slayer".
This is like (the Clarkson era) Top Gear for motorcycles….and then some. Amazing work again!
I don't even ride but this guy I'm a huge fan of. He puts together some of the most informative and at times comical videos. Hope everyone is having a good Christmas.
Stupid add
Happy Holidays F9 & Ryan
Do a video on the DN01
Good lord, that better not be pineapple on that pizza!
Once again, a masterpiece
Very cool bike.  I’ve long admired them!   Nice tip-of-the-hat to Conan the Barbarian, very recently 40 years ago! 👍🏼😎👍🏼
Jesus, dude. You are Canadian, use Metric!   I had to keep pausing and Googling the conversion.
Make a review about the original V-max 1200 - that bike is pure madness, thinking of the year of introduction. For riders in the 80's, the full-power models had the myth of a bike like the V-max/Freddy Krueger-bike from "Nightmare on elm-street 4"
This is going to be one of those bikes that are so butifull and raire that someone bikers will assume its a custom cruser with a gold wing engine and rear axle
The cinematic quality is always incredible . All that and Timmies too . 👍👍
Ah man that he went to the Tim Hortons right next to my work😂
Stupendous video! This is Amazon prime paid viewing quality
It's like the anti-indian.
I hate the way that bike looks just as much as I love the entire design process of pure and unadulterated love for art, beauty and riding.
This video is awesome in every way, and the subject is fascinating.
Jeez. Dont care how unique it is - its about the UGLIEST thing on two wheels, ever!
I gave you a like for the pineapple on pizza.
So the rune was built as advertising. With that in mind 225 million isn't that bad.
And sport bike riders are worried about low siding their bike damaging the bodywork………..
Great video, great bike, merry Christmas to all and to all a great bike.
Good god I want that.
Thank you Ryan- you explained the ethos of a concept that would have completely escaped me; as always I am educated and entertained. I have to say though, I find the bike to be way beyond my taste. Even if I could afford one I honestly prefer my Triumph Thunderbird 900; that’s the self justified Luddite for you I guess.😎
For those who didn’t watch the whole video till the last second,  @10:56 DO IT NOW😂
Snow and motorcycles... no thanks man but you are great.
PS.. very cool man cave
great now i want one
To whoever is watching today, wishing you all a Merry Christmas 🎄🎅
Honda: Let’s try and make the most ugliest bike known to man
They should've named it nicki minaj
Ya I wanted but they way way too much money
You can not put a price on art. This truly is a sculpture. I still would like to find a pristine one.
This bike isn't even quirky cool like Saab. It's just stupid and ugly. The guy who designed the rear should be working in any industry other than design and headlights should just be round, stop trying to fuck with them. The front is canted forward in an awkward way and it isn't helped by the stupid cantilever suspension. They could have at least tried to get the fork bottoms somewhere near the axle instead they're damn near at the rubber it's awful. The point of the bike being as close to the concept as possible is ridiculous, concepts are almost always hideous, that's why nothing in production ever actually looks like the concept bike. What actually made it other than the T7?
I wish I could see this as other commenters have put it, 'ART'. With motorcycles, for me, the art is in the engineering. With that kind of art this bike would weight half and have more functional styling. Form follows function, with the chief function to be superior all around road performance. That is not a sport bike with fairings, but it would be hella faster AND more comfortable than this. Because it would be that, however it looked would be 'correct'.  The Rune is an answer to a question I would never ask.
I want one of these bikes.
Did they really use the partial runescape logo in the ad?
For some reason I think the lexus sc430 has a similar vibe. Is that heresy?
Another gold dust review.
Love to have one
I’d buy one any day to add to my collection…. Love it!
I saw one of these at classic car / bike show and I thought it was a custom build, but damn I never knew it was that rare and interesting! it was good that the dude was riding it too and not keeping it locked away
"Own experiences. Merry Chistmas."  I can't explain how important this is... I have classics that people think I'm crazy for driving on the street -- but what's the point of owning a trailer queen?  I love old, rare, bikes... and I love seeing others appreciate them when they see them.
Love everything about this but that pizza lol
I love art deco!😁
Phenomenal video man. Love watching your stuff. So much thought and care put into each episode. Bravo!
I'm just here for the Conan references.
I still have the two page "msrp: your soul" add I pulled out of one of my dad's motorcycle magazines. Thanks for actually driving one around, it looks even better in motion!
Congress is on Welfare ! Because they earn nothing !
And you get to keep all their money ! Fair Trade !
I’d trade all of Congress , for just one ride !
Merry Christmas
The RUNE , the most Beautiful Motorcycle ever Built ! Spectacular
I have a beautiful black Rune in the UK, I'd consider selling for a really good offer but until someone persuades me I'm keeping and enjoying it
You lost me at "twist its titty." Gross.
my '81 yamaha 1100xs was 1050lbs. stock. i had to pick it up a couple of times(don't ask me why) and let me tell you, that was as easy as it sounds. i have never seen one of these. kinda monolithic looking. you joke, but if conan rode a bike, this would be his ride.
If I remember correctly Sean from SRK done a review some time ago.
That's hands down the ugliest motorcycle I've ever seen 🙈
This is a piece of unobtanium that I thought no one would notice when it first came out. Pitty for me…😕
You have really upped your camera and production game! Thanks for the amazing work. Keep it up in 2023.
Never ride in the winter time think I will go with four instead of two
I own an 88 1500 and haven’t wanted one for a while…. Blue or Black please
My fav motorcycle youtuber made a video about my fav bike!
Stellar episode
The oval piston NSR 750 was another example of "let's see what we can do" without concern for cost or production numbers.  Once in a while Honda likes to just show what's possible.  BTW. I bought a Valkyrie, new, in 1999.  Still have it, because it's simply the best cruiser I've ever ridden.  Honda is "hit and miss" though because the Shadow ACE 1100 I had was awful.  Another case of seeking appearance over function.
Merry Xmas!  Thanks for the video
Guess I'll be the one to say it, that bike is fucking hideous...
And I thought the Honda Deauville was an ugly bike ...
I do love the rune ,makes you feel like playing ff7 again lol.
wow santa's motorcycle
Another wonderful F9 Vid. Only you guys make me laugh and focus at the same time with your content. Excellent job. I'm looking forward to 2023.
Art is definitely subjective. Other than  the fact that it is a motorcycle; there is nothing I like about this bike. It is pure ugly.
Dude before I even watch this video, I saw a purple one of these at a Sheetz gas station. Me and like 3 other people were crowded around it wondering what the hell it even was. Learning it came from an actual factory like that is insane lolol
An amazing tribute to motorcycles. Had a chance to buy one years ago. Some days I wish I had. Yet I still love my American VTwin I built.
This was magical! Thank you!
Merry Christmas, brother. And a prosperous New Year.
What a wonderful, strange world you live in. Thank You
Masterpiece as always!
She's Beautiful 😍
Maybe I would appreciate the Rune more if it actually looked good. Sadly, it's hideous.
Only FortNine could combine a reference from Conan and From Dusk Till Dawn, after explaining an ancient casting method using white chocolate. Merry Christmas Ryan and team!
I didn't even know that it existed.  Now I want one
Too each their own. But i think the Rune is one ugly ass looking bike.
Great story - Merry Christmas Ryan 🎄👊😂
I've wanted a rune since they came out, but my God the price keeps it forever a dream.
I've said for a long time... If you aren't going to drive it or ride it, you're better off owning a picture.
I gotta say...everyone loves how over produced these videos are.... am I gonna be the first one to say, maybe a little bit of over production...too many 'in' jokes.... Just get to the point...ya know...
Man the content is so good!
I saw that parts price list... WOW!  Laughing in 2020 DR650.
The Honda Rune is truly a beautiful piece of art
UG-LEE!! Great video.I remember seeing one of these on a showroom floor. Had a good laugh and hopped onto my FXS and rode home.
Definitely artwork and appreciated by us two wheeled aficionados that cannot tell the difference between a $400 bottle of wine and a $10 bottle of Riunite!
And you still managed to make this bike look tiny 😅
The only channel I don’t watch in x2 ,,,,,,,, it’s to valuable to rush
Honda be like "fuck it we ball"
Everytime f9 make a review, i Immediately wanted it, even if the bike didn't sell from where i from
I wish you and your family and the FortNine team a very Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year
So LFA now has a motorbike counterpart.
Fortnine upload on Christmas Eve?? It’s a Christmas miracle!!
What a magnificent work of art. Wow! The bike looks pretty cool, too.
Wow! Huge respect for Honda and the engineers👏
Last 2 seconds were unexpected 😂
Spellbinding!  If Honda had used this for promotion they could have sold millions. After seeing this...I want a Rune. It's beautiful.
I never got the whole buy it to never use it thing. You could give me an ultra rare Lamborghini, I’m not just gonna store it, I want to experience it.
Love the production effort of F9 videos
Wonderful video and an amazing bike I didn't know existed. Merry Christmas Fortnine
Awesome video .   Thanks
Well done.  Thank you!
I wanted one as the most artistically designed bike ever. knew I'd never buy one, but still wanted it because you never know. glad I didn't tho! I never knew parts don't exist! only 1485 made? wow. I thought there'd be like 10,000 of them. now I know why I've never seen one on the road
I suppose Honda put some of the costs down to "learning" or "experience" or "marketing" - they got more than 225 million 's worth of knowledge from this. And great videos like yours - they couldn't pay for.
Thank you for another year of informative and enjoyable videos Ryan. Happy new year to you and your background staff
This the same rune that was on bikes and beard's? It had rust pitting on the chrome if i remember right.
I'm surprised not to read on the top comments any notion of the most important lesson in this video, and maybe of the year from F9: Ride, and enjoy using it for its main purpose. Don't just collect, or cherish beyond actually experiencing what the bike/car/whatever-rideable-object was actually designed for.
I will never part with my Rune. Cherry red, corbin bags as in this video. Piece of art on wheels
This or a Triumph Rocket 3? I'd take this.
You made my Christmas 😂👌👍
Riding that through salt and winter is a sin!
Awesome !
Awesome !
Holy Farking WOW! Not so much the bike (even though it's amazing & I first heard about through the video) but wow, for Ryan & Co & their impeccable timing and amazing production! Merry Christmas, guys and gals! Have a safe & fantastic 2023! Ride safe. 🍻 🍻
The guy that i bought a bmw gs310 from had one of those, he said it was a honda valkyrie f6c, had to import it from the uk to portugal. Only now i get how big of a deal that bike is.
that chocolate casting model was genius
His accent came out at the drive through
I have a 2022 Triumph Bobber Goldline and people keep telling me I'm crazy because the first thing I did was completely tore down the bike to rebuild the engine with better internals and tuned it for over 120hp. But hey, I'm not selling it ever and I ride it every chance I get so I tend not to listen to people who are too afraid to put miles on their bikes. Merry Christmas and enjoy riding the Rune!
You've Rune'd Christmas in the best possible way
Glad to see that I’m not the only one who’s balanced a pizza box in their lap (Hawaiian?).
Although I'll never own one, I was lucky enough to ride one when they first came out at the GoldWing Owners Club GB Treffen. Like nothing else out there! I'd still take an F6C Valkyrie Interstate though :D
Merry Christmas to every people there in Fortnine HQ, you are truly a special gang ❤️
Rune, MSRP, Your soul.     Great video as usual Ryan.  The Rune!! Yeah, I want one.
Henry Ford is rolling in disgust in his grave at this boondoggle...so much waste...so much unnecessary everything.
Can someone please tell me the insurance cost?
Fantastic story - Merry Christmas!!
resuming you have to be an special kind of full to get one, but honda knew that is a lot here and there ...chevy prove that in america and it works with the hammer ha ha
The cinematography is incredible!
Ryan, where can I get a copy of that parts list with replacement costs?
wait, i thought BMW was renounced for Ducati...
So the rune is in the same looks uber alles  stable as the Vultus then?
Thanks for the Christmas present that is this video. 🎄🎅🏼🎁🏍️
There is one for sale on our local auction site.  It was listed about a month ago and no one had made any comments on it... until today.  Every single comment mentions looking up to see if one was for sale because of this video and all mention this video including links to it.  Brilliant.
Quite possibly the ugliest motorcycle ever made . Some say there are still some lurking in crates in dealerships storage facilities around the world because nobody wanted it ! The answer to question nobody ever asked …
A masterpiece of a video as always with f9, same goes for the craftsmanship on that rune. The only horrid thing in the whole video is that Hawaiian pizza. Why o why 😆
Time to switch max HD versio  available, man puts up a show everytime
Laughed at when launch but it's held value well and insurance reasonable. Repairs: not so much.
Perfection. Merry Christmas!
I am not a cruiser guy, but this thing looks absolutely amazing.
Didn't Kamen Rider Hibiki ride this?
And yet, somewhere is Southern California there’s a stripped, chopped and bobbed version. And the owner is proud of what he’s done.
Watching this film raised a serious question for me.......who in their right mind would put pineapple on a pizza? It's wrong.
Man, you're doing such a great job with the scripting, production and humor. I love you f9!
Merry Christmas all.
Ironic that it actually sounds amazing being revved but probably never needs to be revved much at all.
"Mein beemer engine".Its the little things that get me.
More like Honda's $225 mil masterpiece
The Rune is one of those bikes... It's so ugly, it's kind of beautiful.
I too remember sneaking into the garage to sit on my Dad’s motorbike 😊
Shot. I did not know this even existed... now my life is missing something...  thank you Ryan For "Rune-ing" my life (yea, bet now you are mad you didn't think of that One, hu?)
This channel is gold!!! Merry Christmas🎉🎉
"flogging like a rented husky" - you made my day, Sir! ;D
Dear @fortnine Santa. Can you kindly ask the elves and make a nice embroidered FortNinr cap hat for the good boys and girls all around the world (Especially Australian ones). Just a classy red embroidered logo on a black 9Twenty style cap with an adjustable strap. If just 0.5% of your subscribers bought one, you would have about 8000 happy little boys and girls. Just a suggestion 😉.  But seriously guys you have built a awesome brand and we love it. Start slowly leveraging that brand capital and make products we love and trust. A nice quality hat is a good start and moves you beyond the teespring shirts, which many will not buy because of sizing uncertainty.   Lots of love… 1 of 1.62M
I LOOOOOOOOVE youre videos ! Merry Christmas an grets from Germany
Finally... Happy new year!
Dude, that is a fantastic looking motorcycle. Really love the 50s or 60s retro aesthetic.
Fabulous video!  Thank you and Merry Christmas.
Now because of Ryan, millions of people get to lear a lesson about Honda's lil art project and appreciate them more.
So last year you guys had a special with the cbr250rr and I ended up with a 1990 cbr250rr a few months later.  Wish that could happen again with this
Hey Ryan.  For Christmas could you do a “best dash cam” for us please!
"Own experiences."  In a day and age that's seemingly obsessed with owning "things", this is wonderful advice that will lead to an interesting and fulfilling life.
how do they get me to want such a bike
Best demo of lost wax casting ever.
You run the best motorcycle channel ❤
An other masterpiece of the F9 marketing crew, and a Christmas present for  me. Thank you!
Master piece .. MASTER piece... M-A-S-T-E-R   P-I-E-C-E .  Merry Christmas , Ryan 🎅
Saw the open fireplace door and was scared the book was going in there. 😅
And good on Honda not to send one into space!
Beautiful bike :-)
Season’s greetings loving the content and full marks for having two Royal Enfields in the top 5. I have 3 REs (Classic 350, Interceptor and Scram 411) they are great bikes and have certainly boosted my own (very) humble channel 😊👍🏻
I worked at that Tim Horton's hut when I was younger!
And yet my rare unmolested1993 FXRS Lowrider Convertible, Arguably the best Harley Davidson motorcycle ever made... I can still get parts for it. And it has a dry weight of 452 pounds.  It is a highly sought after bike because it was made to last. For a whole lot less back then but worth money now. That Honda is nice but why drive it when the repair cost is more than a car overall. A bike is made to be driven.  Not for show.  This comes from a man who has 1/2 million miles of riding motorcycles.
Absolutely impressed by the quality of video, great cinematography 👍 What do you think about the BMW R1200C (James Bond) and it's smaller sister?  There was another Honda motorcycle looking similar spacy but with an automatic gearbox 😮 what's your take on this?
Great posting, merry christmas🎅🏼
9:57 the way motorcycles are meant to be used. Loved this video, it sounds and look like a very great bike!
So Ryan how'd u wanna spend your Christmas ?  *" I wanna shit on Honda "*
That’s a beautiful landscape. Mind blowing.
FortNine is a Top Gear in the motorcycle world... The most unique style in their playground...
can you make a video about why honda hasn't brought the ct125 to europe yet?
Man i forgot hionda rune exist
I saw this exact same bike half way up Mount Seymour and thought, whoever rode that up here in the snow probably orders pizza with pineapple
That is not a motorcycle. It is the steel throne our Lord and Savior Rossi will ascend to the kingdom on, shiny and chrome.
Great video edit. Looks like a Hollywood super production
Without such a bikes Honda would be just unknown biggest scooter manufacturer. This bike is an investment to the brand
Cool bike, just a shame it's uglier than the sloth in the Goonies.
Another great video from FortNine. Keep it going
The Rune is the one cruiser I've always wanted. If I get a chance to ever buy one, I would in a heartbeat.
Merry Christmas Ryan.
One on TradeMe (NZ) asking NZ$29500....lol the comments, im just as guilty 😃
Top production as usual! I can learn so much for my own videos from this channel 😁👌🔥
Merry Christmas
OHMYGODIWANTONERIGHTNOW!!!!!!!
I’ve said it before, and I’ll say it again: Honda don’t make no trash.  Thanks for an exceptionally well conceived and produced episode.  Mind Bogglingly Brilliant
Yes, it is tragic to see precious things hoarded away out of sight, never used. But it was that ad, the one shown at the end, that undercut the bikes credibility. Seeing that all those years ago made me think it was all plastic.
Best video you’ve ever done, love it long time fan bud.
7up?
The amount of time and reserch went i to that chocolate scene is just awesome 😁
I think you are avoiding the 800 lb butt ugly gorilla in the room.
Back in the day, a good friend of mine imported a Rune into the UK.  My God that thing ripped! It left my Honda 600rr in the dust.  It would always attract everybody in sight at any motorbike meet. Long live the Rune....
Wow. This is such high quality video ! Amazing . Never thought I would want a Honda like this one !
I just love your videos bro!!!!!!!!
That’s one ugly bike…
Love the way you worked in a Conan the Barbarian. Quote.
Merry Christmas and thank's for keeping me sane.
I like this bike. Looks brilliant. Great panniers. I'd rather have a Rocket 3 R, though.       Seasonal greetings.
It's still ugly.
"Own experiences." What a gift to have someone speaking these things into ppl's lives. :) Thanks for living the dream, Ryan. Merry Christmas.
Great, now I have an appreciation for a bike that I still think is not the prettiest girl in the bar. But I wouldn’t mind giving her a ride, just once or twice though.. the bike!
What's crazy is how cheap you can find these. And apparently they're one fast Rhino..
I saw the snow and thought - Yikes 😬half expecting you to "off road" it down a forest trail at any moment 😂. Another excellent vid 👌. Merry Christmas to all at Fortnine 🤶🎅🎄
Good lord Honda, I’m glad you finally got your meds in order.
And there was the Honda Fury: another concept Honda motorcycle which looked completely undrivable, was in fact fun to drive, and had the mad looks of a naked supermodel.
The fucking production value is insane
i''ve seen 2 of these at a rally, I just thought they were unusual. I didn't know what I was looking at
Simply amazing vid - as always.
Honda built a dream bike, but it’s Honda’s dream, not yours.
Wow dude; good show!
Baleen whale radiator
Saw it once on a curb. Googled it, immediatley found it. Loved it ever since.  I felt like you didn't give much attention to the most gorgeous rear of the motorcycle world. But now that i know it rides like a dream i am fulfilled. Thanks!
I wrenched at a Honda Dealer when these came out.  No one touched it, only the best mechanic prepped it.  It sat....for ages.  Beautiful, undoubtedly, but those who were actually in the industry saw it for what it was.  Honda didn't understand what the market wanted.    Had this been priced under a Goldwing through reasonable parts prices, we would have sold dozens of them. Most who saw it loved it, then recoiled in shock at the price.  For the first year it was surrounded by "Velvet Ropes".  After it sat on the dealer floor for a year without a buyer...it became just another motorcycle that we were paying interest on.   Soon, there was a salesman's bounty put on it and still....it sat un sold.  Asking someone to pay nearly double for a cruiser that did everything the VTX1800 did just didn't work.  We used it to draw people in, then show them what they could afford.     Eventually, the owner of the dealership bought it since he understood what this machine was.  A low volume, high quality, collectable machine.  It is probably still in his warehouse with less than 100 miles on it, waiting for the next owner to start it and then leave it dormant for years.
What the crap is that?
There is a Rune just like the one in this video for sale in Deland, FL. They're asking 24k with 3,800 miles!
Ryan wants me to buy a Rune now.
Everything in this video is remarkable. The Hollywood-level graphics and cinematography, riding in the winter especially with only a light leather jacket and gloves beyond summer apparel, the unbelievable expense of the Honda's parts. This clip was a Christmas treat, but I'll leave the esoterica to the refined and the wealthy.
I'd still buy it if I am capable. It's like an art piece in the house.
Its like smoke and mirrors, what's the point, Has Honda engineers and designers ran out of ideas. Bikes are for riding, I have no time for limited editions the average Joe can't afford. Has it come to a point where emissions' control standard have won.
Great cinematography with those 360 cameras.
I loved the Rune from day one. I would go to the dealer and stare at it. I was a teenager, so no chance of purchase. That thing is a literal work of art. You can see how it influenced several other Hondas.
in an age when guys were intentionally building stripped down retro cafe bikes in their garages and back yards, tone deaf honda went in the opposite direction. 80% of riders are not into bling. they want to be steve mcqueen not prince
You are a genius!!! Happy holidays.
Everyone wants a Rune, even those folk that scorn cruisers and swear by the crotch rocket want the Rune.  It's magical.
This is the bike PeeWee would get if he wanted to join an MC.
Must rank as one of the three ugliest bikes ever produced!
These sold so poorly in the US that Honda still had new ones available in 2007 when I was working at a Honda dealer. I believe they still had new stock as late as 2009.
Easy to describe the meaning - a talented job, if I practically do not understand what he says because English is not my native language, and even more so I never wanted to own a motorcycle.  But I enjoy watching these videos with great pleasure and get inspired to become a motorcycle enthusiast. Thank you.
Idk much about bikes but I'm glad Honda made a bike just like in the concept. I'm pretty sure the kid in everyone would like that. Nice baking  Nice video as always And nice fun having.
*The Dieselpunk*
I have ALWAYS wanted one of these. They have never been in my price range and never will. Pure artistry.
And then theres harley laughing it all the way to the bank selling a CVO dad bagger for $55,000+ and costing them $10,000 to make
I think some of those shots set a new standard, even for fort9
Live the dream...I liked that
There's one for sale in NZ. $29K NZ
Every FortNine video is a masterpiece. I'm left baffled both by the video quality and the bike he's reviewing every single time!
"It's quite a manly sensation" 😂
The dealership near my house has a 0 mile rune in the show room. It's the last unregistered rune in the USA and not for sale.
Merry Christmas to the F9 team! Stunning video as always and very very interesting🎄
I had no idea about this bike, and it’s so cool learning about it, but after learning about it, should you even be riding it? 😅
This almost reminds me of the Top Gear episode where James May lent Jeremey Clarkson his Ferrari only for him to vulgarly eat a bunch of snacks in it just to piss him off :)
I'd be really interested to hear what Ryan thinks of the VTX. Love mine. Had to stop often just to look at it in the garage when I first got it. The Rune? Id probably still be staring, speechless.
never heard of this bike ever before
I just did south grade Palomar....
Merry Christmas from up the S2S.
"Own experiences"
FortNine, the production quality we get at an undeserved price. Merry Christmas friends!
Titty twister with luggage for the junk in the trunk , you made my day, thànks
This feels like the LFA of motorcycles - something built with no expense spared and ultimately did its creators no financial favors.
Own experiences, well said!!!     Sadly there are so many that I personally know that are afraid of new experiences. These people ride one of a handful of loops every weekend (when not snowing) and on rare occasion they go out of town and brag about it as if the went from border to border (north to south in my case).    I hope and pray that more people this year truly own experiences, because the journey is well worth it, regardless of what you ride.  Merry Christmas.
Awesome xmas surprise video, great content - I forgot about the Rune!! Made me shudder as it was ridden in the snow as last year I rode my cb500k on a early winter morning and found the one patch of snow on the road and binned it, but was able to carry on to work. I really enjoyed learning about this bike and the video wasn't brilliant as always. Pizza on the lap, I've seen a fella round here do that on his cruiser too, thought he was daff hah.
Magical.
Another great video!!
It's ugly  but reliable I'm sure lol
🐩🥞 might beat out the Honda pc800 in parts costs !! how do i know beause i stopped riding mine less i spend 3,000$ on body parts : /
Great video as always. Such a strange bike. What was the business plan? Was it a halo bike? It is amazing but why?
Why is this free 😂❤
Its the Royal Royce of bikes
I own a harley but i would buy a rune if i could afford it just for its unique look.
such a beautiful bike, you are very very lucky being able to experience one, especially as a daily
What a machine of art!  Thank you F9. Fantastic video
I wonder how many who've ridden one, like, unaware of the rareity or replacement costs.... yikes.  Great vid, in fact, amazing. Post production is best in show.
🍍?
Pretty sick
Damn that is the ugliest abomination I have ever seen.  Just looks like a bike for stupid fat guys who can’t even see their own dicks.
Just like the pleasure of morning snowdrifts wears off if you have to slog through them for months every year, the joys of being boy-sized and looking forward to growing into a big bike wears off if you have to live in a boy-size body for the whole lifetime trip.
Your humor and quality of production  on your videos make your channel better than 99% of all on youtube.  Question- (not expecting an answer back), so basically a rhetoricle to myself- I'm 60 yrs old- should I buy a 2016 MV Augusta Brutale 800RR dragster?
No trailer queens. Ride everything.
As a southener yanky can we get a video on coldweather gear to ride year round?
Some day.... Some how I will get a rune  The Valkyrie was for sale numbers, the run was for artisans.  Also I'll never forgive Honda for not making the techno 1800
I love this motherfucker.
Gross
Hawaiian pizza...... based
Amazing Christmas video. Thanks Ryan! Merry Christmas to you to big brother
all this time I had no respect for the rune at all and now suddenly I want one.
Rune titty twister. You can’t take it with you ride it
Merry Christmas, Ryan!
Shame what Honda has done to their cruiser line the last few years.  But I guess you gotta pay the bills.
Honda builds weird shit sometimes.
Honda doing what honda does best. They really were and possibly are the mercedes benz of motorcycles
Canadian Japanese bromance.
I wanted one when they came out and I still want one. Its one of a kind.
Don't know what's worse, the bike or the pineapple pizza.
Hawaiian Pizza?  😱.
Ultimate dream bike.
I want one.  Anyone wanna swap one for a lightly used ‘07 V-Star 1300?
I just want to applaud FortNine for making not only the funniest moto-videos on all of YouTube, but also some of the most technically educational and very well-produced ones, too.  Bravo, Sir!  The folks at Top Gear should be crimson with embarassment... Merry Christmas, etc.  Stephen White
"What good is owning a dream thing, if you don’t live the dream? Own experiences. Earn Christmas."
damn, to imagine thousands of these bikes may not have even touched asphalt
Honda lost money on every fuel injected CX500 Turbo they built but all that technology went into 1980s cars that spanked the U.S. cars of the malaise era.  It was an exotic bike with turnkey reliability.  When I bought a new car in 2010, I wanted one made by the company with the audacity to build that bike.  Good call, 170,000 miles later, that car has been 100% trouble free, needing only wear items like brake pads, tires, oil changes, the occasional light bulb, and wiper blades.
The  Honda Rune: The stuff dreams are made of.
I have never owned a bike that I couldn't total and replace the next day.........  because I love to ride.
I feel like if this video had come out alongside the release of the bike, it would have sold a lot better. Dude has a scary Charisma for making these Oddball bikes sound insanely desirable
You sound like Tom cruise when you shout while reving the bike..
7:45
Riding a motorcycle in the winter through Tim Hortons, the only way this could be more Canadian is if you rode a moose fueled on maple syrup
I had a chance to ride this bike for half a year, and I can say that it is the best of the best.
Should have spent that money on giving us a modern CBX1000..
Dear, thankyou for this Christmas present--- Honda Rune-- the dream bike of any motorcycle enthusiast !! Just love it.❤️
Great story about a gorgeous creation!  Not unlike the Vespa 946, which is limited production, but at least yearly basis--saw a listing for a low miles 2013 (first year), and fell in love & had to get her!  Though some of the more recent designer versions are ridiculous...  But designed for love of Vespa & is a sheer joy to ride!  (Though not on snowy days for me, yet...).
Wow what a masterpiece
Merry Christmas to all at FortNine !!!
I still remember the first time I saw it, it was a black one and I was wowed about its design. I wish I could have had afford it cause I would've bought it.
I didn't half to wait a month inbetween to get another Fortnine video, what a Christmas present 🎁
Liked the video. Have seen and sat on a rune at dealership. But this bike was never on my wish list.
I love the look of this bike. I'd love to own one.
Beauty!
I saw a video on srk , or maybe bikes n beards . And he took off from a dead stop in 5th gear . On purpose !  I can't wrap my head around how that is possible ???
Great Vid!
Phenomenal bike. It's like the Lexus LFA of bikes imo. Only issue is that since the bike is rare as shit plus everything is one off. With everything as a one off I'd be terrified of someone hurting it. They can't afford the front fender alone. Bike was just a flex atthe time to prove Honda can more than play with the big boys.
I always thought the rune looked really nice, never seen it with the hard cases on it before......barf.
The balls of this man to daily a bike thats basically a concept/special edition bike around winter.  Props to Honda, who basically is the most sensible manufacturer between the big four yet theyre the one who made the Rune, Valkyrie and especially the Fury, which is just astonishing.
The green screen ending with Ryan as the flying elf is priceless... in fact, this entire video is so well fashioned that Honda should give Ryan a Rune for Christmas. Happy holidays everyone
Another epic! Thank you!
Loved your Christmas buffet! Makes me feel warm seeing it!
fluid, but ugly af
I love the Rune! Sadly they are still very expensive in my country.
Riding that thing in salty slush is Whistling Diesel level of disregard for mechanical works of art
With that front suspension and torquey engine the rune would be an awesome tug for a sidecar.  Make one out of solid chrome in a teardrop shape
I did not know men could build such things...
this is one of the greatest motorcycles Honda has ever made.
Super cool. Have a VTX1800 now and don't think I'm into cruisers enough to keep going with them but it's super fun to own a piece of history.   Speaking of, if you wanna do a video with my VTX I'm just out in Aldergrove lol
It's like a Goldwing without gold or wings... Just big
Wish I could hit like twice!
The United States government is a 30 trillion dollar per year mistake so there's that.
Reminds me of Apple's over priced monitor and monitor stand. Costs an arm and a leg.
It is was never a Mistake coming from Honda it is was meant to become worldly seen as what a Master piece would be in its time.
Never seen one is these. Ever. Thank you for piquing my interest in them! There's 1 available in the UK. £20k.... It's lovely though. Now kids, we're having an imaginary Xmas. For the next 15 years. Merry Christmas all at FortNine, and thank you for all your awesome vids
F9, please do the BMW CE 04!
I had no idea this existed for some reason.. And I am like is that home made or something 🤣
still more than what honda spends on its motogp program per year... lol
Been following you for some years. Man , you have become a movie director a cameraman and postproduction in one. All-in-one. You got the eye for it.
seen one in real life. stood there for 15min.
Sigh, If only it didn't have a load in its bloomers.
👍🐿🎄🎁
Local dealer had one…. Couldn’t sell it, now I kick myself not springing on it!
" a rented husky" LOLOLOL
I've seen one in person... Didn't paid too much attention to it except I knew that it was a Rune. This video taught me a valuable lesson, is that I should have slowed down as I have missed so many beautiful details on the bike. Looking back, I walked past a literal piece of functional art.
Actually made me laugh out loud three times.
I have ridden my Moto Guzzi Centauro on Christmas Morning becouse i felt like..... it looked like Shit with all the Salt and dust on it but i washed it off with some water.  A Bike is ment to be driven. Dosent matter if only 1800 Were ever build its still a Bike.
That is such a gorgeous bike. Maybe I'll see one some day. Can't wait to get my own bike one day, won't be like this, but this is a beautiful reminder of how nice this can be.
Merry Christmas Ryan and FortNine family thanks for the quality videos!
This and Kawasaki's H2R are kinda the same. One an extreme in design, the other in performance. Would love the chance ride em both some day.
Screw James Cameron. FortNine is my favourite Canadian filmmaker.
I owned two earlier model Valkyries & when the Rune came out, my thought was "oh my gosh, they've ruined it".  I'm sure it's a fine bike, but I just can't deal with the looks.  My opinion, which is worth what you paid for it.
Are those Corbin Fleetliner bags on there??
your team production value is through the roof man. You could make a feature film length documentary and I'll watch it and enjoy it so much
Love the Conan reference - lamentations of their women….
It’s the VW Phaeton of motorcycling. Looks like a Hyosung
I remember the Rune! I thought it was just a fancy-shmancy cruiser variant of the Goldwing. Kinda cool to hear that it was actually an engineering labor of love. Merry Christmas, F9 crew! Thanks for your hard work.
My friend has one of these.  I had no idea how much the parts were on this thing.
A friend of mine totalled one of these this year.  Tragic.
Pearls before swine.
I think we just found the crybaby jack wagon that has been throwing paint on museum masterpieces.  Knock that shit off !
Yep, as always excellent, thank you and Merry Christmas
The same concept with the Fury. Just only smaller and higher production number.
freaking threw a Conan reference in there.
Another great video. I love the Rune.
How do i superlike your videos like one can a bimbo on tinder
Remember these coming out....   Never my kinda bike and own alot, but I've always appreciated Hondas effort with it....    Especially Honda at these times when I thought the giant H had fallen asleep.   Such a great MC force in the 90s, they just seemed to turn their MCs into soulless appliances.
I worked at a Honda dealer when these came out.  We received one in the color seen here.  Sadly, the tank was dented slightly in shipping, and it was never repaired or replaced while in our care.  Not sure if there was another tank available to replace it and who knows what an undamaged one would cost (or who would be responsible for paying for it).  Everyone ooh'd and aah'd over the thing but no one wanted to buy it.  It finally sold after sitting on the floor for years.  The shop owner took a significant loss on the sale.  Seems like a theme with this bike.
Back when Honda was a visionary company. Please come back to us Honda, we miss you.
Wow that thing is hideous 😂  It’s the Pontiac Aztek of the motorcycle world.
Thanks Ryan & team for yet another impressive installment. I bought a 1999 Honda Valkyrie Interstate (precursor to the RUNE) and am still 'owning the experience' 22 years and 140K+ miles later. I followed all things Rune-related as soon as it was introduced as a limited production Honda offering. While I appreciate all the engineering that went into creating this model, I knew this was never going to be a bike I would lust after. My own take on the Rune is that Honda built it for no other reason than to show that it could. <insert mic-drop here>  Wonder how much it would cost to replace the handle bar on your broken Hallmark CB750 ornament?
10 minutes ago I didn't know that bike existed, then I fell in love with it 🥰, then I was in awe of its handling, poise, manoeuvrability,😍 then my dreams of replacing my 468k MILE ST1100 with a Rune (has to be blue though) were shattered 🥺😭. Oh well.......
I love these seasonal videos!
For a millenials, I once ride a Rune in the town, I love how the feel compared to a Goldwing. Rune is just unique, the stability, the sound and the engine is all different. When my friends in their 20 they all want sports bike. i want this cruiser lol
I love Honda's accounting.  The Rune came about through the same process as the S2000. Throw money into a project just because some executive decided to.  Develop something fantastic. Write off all the R&D as R&D and sell the product way below what any other company would charge.  ... And have it undersell for some reason.
So, good video, but do one on how to decide to and navigate winter riding in snowy and icy conditions.  I live in Minnesota, and it's just not done around here.
My friend's boss bought one as a mid-life crisis/divorce gift to himself.  Rode it once, and locked in his garage. Did I mention it was his first bike? Sold it years later, when tires literally rotted off the wheels, with 17 miles on it. I'm not a cruiser guy but I wept when I heard that story.
lol @7:28 - buff-eh
fortnines first honda vid?
Let’s just rename the Rune the Ryan and have done with it! Happy Christmas F9!
I work in "lost wax casting" or investment casting, and yeah, we make a lot of parts for bikes, but more for aeronautics. It's still a very much alive process and cost effective, too.
Always dug the look of these
I don’t know that I’ve ever seen one with factory saddlebags. Pretty crazy lookin
An excellent episode for Christmas. Thank you and have a safe and Merry Christmas, from the Land Down Under.
Ryan raising the bar on YouTube production levels!   No doubt the Japanese know the riddle of steel too.    Merry xmas guys!
Merry Christmas! Your YouTube videos are always looked forward to much much more than any others! Makes me feel like a boyish whimp not riding my bike in recent winter snow and makes me glad I took up bikes again two years ago! Thanks 🙏
Come on man, pineapple on pizza...
A fantastic review and perfect for Christmas! Stunning engineering but then Honda does this. But will anyone try to do this again... I suspect not. The next future gen will be ion lithium  and not forged from Katana blades... or so the rumour goes...
The Rune was a concept now lost to the sands of time... a major motorcycle manufacturer actually foregoing profit to turn out something really special. It came from the very end of the days when companies were run by people with a passion for the product, rather than bean counters with icy passions reserved exclusively for profit... a time when the leadership of a major corporation could sit back and say "Ah, what the hell, we're rich ENOUGH!", and not be ritually sacrificed at the alter of greed by their shareholders. It is highly doubtful we will ever see such a thing again.
Harley did the reverse caster back when you were still bouncing from ball to ball
It wasn't a mistake at all.  Honda knew exactly what they were doing.  It brought all kinds of attention and publicity for the company.  They showed what they are capable of building.  Honda's reputation for quality and craftsmanship was well worth the 225 million.
i wonder if they could do something as bespoke at a lower cost nowadays with 3d printing (incl. metal printing for stuff like that muffler)
Great video, haven’t heard much about the Rune in ages, cool to see what went into the bike!
If I owned it, rego would read, RUINED
Man, this editing is awesome
Way better than a Harley that was then selling in the 20s too at the time. Of course, all Hondas are better than a Harley
Got it give it to Honda to have put their necks out for this and for actually bringing something to market that looks like the concept, but I have never been a fan of the looks of this bike.
This is the best video you've ever made and I've seen most of them.
God damn ...i want one...how do you do this
Well shit.
Happy Christmas!
What a fantastic road, most bikes would look great rolling along there in between the trees 😀
The only thing I was missing is a trailer behind it!!!!Has it got a power steering???????
This video was so good that I watched all the ads to completion.
Good video, Merry Christmas Ryan
the fork angle is fake. the stearing head angle is normal with the forks kicked out at a extreme angle with trailing links to get the wheel in the right spot. took a lot of engineering to make it look like uncompromised style while haveing conventional geometry underneath. cool bike they should have made a billion of them.
Merry Christmas to you all!
Twist its T1tty? :D :D :D
Only bike I can imagine real santa would ride….
@8:32 .. missed opportunity .. just shy of 17 measly klicks .. 🙃
Amazing cinematography, and you even did your own casting example (which turned out like 100x better than if I had done it, so I'm still jealous even if it took you a dozen attempts!). You make it look too easy, very nice work!
This bike is so sexy I want one so bad 😭
Honda: doin' it for the lolz. Somewhere there's a group of designers and engineers with ties tied around their foreheads yelling "Fuck you, IT"S ART!!"
I love it
I can watch these overhead forest shots until I fall asleep.
Merry Christmas everyone xo
As always Ryan, you have nailed the 60 minutes story style and produced something beyond a YouTube video.  I looked at a Rune in the showroom when it was introduced and thought of another radical motorcycle that is now perhaps the greatest art deco design of a vehicle ever.   The 1941 Indian 441.  Maybe someday the Rune will be appreciated for it's styling.
Merry Christmas happy riding.
That bike is so ugly the tide wouldn't even take it out.
What, no quips inserted about the feckless vegetable in the white house? You couldn't help yourself 2+ years ago.
If you're going to do it, do it big.....
Wonderful video. I remember when they came out—thought they looked cool as hell. Still do.
Another brilliant production, guys! Merry Christmas to you and your production team! Hope it's a good one and an even better 2023!
I always wanted a Rune, but prices are still astronomical.
Merry Xmas to the F9 team.
It wasn’t meant to be a success it was meant to be enjoyed. Honda may have known they were going to lose money they did it out of passion. They’re CRF250L and Rebel 250 sales bankrolled them enough
Hate the bike, love the video.
Excellent video, I remember when these came out, they had one discounted in the showroom to $21,999 nearly 5 times what I was paying for my VSTAR 650 custom and yet I still wanted one.
We had one at the dealership where I worked in sales.  Quite the show bike for sure.   We did sell it to one of our customers with whom the cost was irrelevant.  He liked it, he bought it.   Some of us thought he was nuts, that it would be like an Orange County Chopper ride in a year, worth eight grand.  He's gone now, passed away in an accident in Europe.  I'm glad to know this actually turned into an investment to an extent.  Probably worth significantly more than was paid.
Do they grit the roads with salt 'n sand in Canada like they do in the UK? Because that's an awfully beautiful and shiny motorcycle to be subjected to the ravages of gritted roads.
masterpiece… of content
Please tell me you aren't going to eat something on every video, now.  I don't do mukbangs.  I've been a subscriber for years.  If you eat while you talk,  I have to dry my tears.  Not the happy kind.  Superb video, you--we both and all know.
What a thing of engineering beauty :)
Make a retro looking bike ( like the R Nine T) with that engine Honda! Please!
Beautiful bike and powerful statement. Would love to get my hands on one. Bet you would enjoy the bmw r18.
Я не понял. Почему никто не переводит на русский?
Every video a masterpiece:)
I saw a Rune parked on the street in Zagreb, Croatia about 15 years ago. Probably the only one in the whole country.  Looked like an alien spaceship in that context.
I rue the day I had an opportunity to buy a red Rune and passed on it. (Wracking sobs!)
We only get bean counter approved bikes these days.
I thought that Triumph with a three cylinder boat engine was shite but this Honda makes it look like a trials bike.
I love Honda 😘
A Christmas miracle delivered to my phone Christmas day. Thankyou F9
It's a shame BMW didn't  make a similar bike with the older K-1200 platform instead of the K1200 LT. Now they have the R18 and are late to the cruiser-bagger party once again.
"So what good is owning a dream thing if you don't live the dream"   As true as it gets, too many things we buy that are expensive are never put to good use as we get afraid thanks to how expensive or valued they are. I’m glad my grandfather taught me otherwise when I got my first ride on his dream bike only dressed in a suit as we just had been to a funeral. Many said it was foolish and he just laughed and said that’s the point. I can repair the bike if he drops it, but I can never make this memory again.   Best man I will ever have known, bless you grandpa and merry Christmas FortNine!
Very creative.
I never thought I would ever like this bike. I still think of it as one of the ugliest motorcycles ever made. However, after this I do appreciate it and Honda even more.
MERRY CHRISTMAS
Damn, absolutely gorgeous! If the CCR was my dream car, the Rune was my dream motorcycle. I would ride that bike every day. Nice video. Glad someone is riding it and it's not being held up in a "collection"
Drop that thing and it would rune your day.
It's an amazing bike. I absolutely love the look.   I wouldn't dare keep it locked up in a garage.   It's super stable. The massive size is a bit intimidating at first, but once you get a few miles on her, she has you super confident cruising tirelessly. Always planted and reliable in every situation.  And such art is timeless. Always a beauty to look at.
I think I'm going to cry. I wouldn't want to be seen dead on it (dedicated sports bike freak) but it's just so absolutely awesome.
About ten years ago I had the chance to buy one fairly cheap ($11-$13k I think) with very low miles and passed on it.  Now these things sell for A LOT as I understand it.
Great film. Happy Christmas.
Buff-eh...😄
Merry Christmas and Happy Boxing Day. See you in the New Year.
Holy cow that is a gorgeous bike! I instantly hopped onto Facebook and there's one for sale near me! For $25,000 :/
Conan quote not lost on me Ryan.
When he said my winter beater 🤯 I bout fell outa my chair. I knew they were really rare and pretty much impossible to get replacement parts but I’ve always thought they were ugly but I can appreciate the engineering
But it's soooo ugly.  I don't think I'd ride it even if my friend left the country and gave me one to look after.
Pretty cool video to a bike I've never heard of.
Damn!
Love to watch your videos while eating
Your Nuck'n Futs....
You rode that - in snow?! Crazy.  But hey, if you have time check out Jerry "Motorman" Paladino. Heck of an instructor; not to mention an actual Officer. I remember seeing him and his wife riding a Rune, was that maybe 15 yrs ago? I did not hear their reviews on it, but I could see it in their faces they very much looked forward to riding it.
Now, the triumph rocket, plz✌🏿🤘🏿, Ryan and the entire team are the best. FortNine rules
Another great video,  of all the motorcycle channels on youtube your attention to detail & production are 2nd to none. If Homer Simpson designed a motorcycle the Rune would be the result.
My favorite part of these videos is trying to figure out where in Metro Vancouver is Rya...a Hawaiian pizza? Jebus could you be any more of a Canadian stereotytpe?  Seriously though, I'm glad Honda made these.  While I have no desire to own one I love seeing them and wish I could have seen you driving it in town.  Thank you Kent for making this video happen!
Outstanding video, thank you for this Xmas present fortnine
Just an awesome bike.
As always a great video
This abortion looks like it was designed by the jerks in marketing.  An embarrassment.  Except to the owners who just did not get the joke.  Too bad.
You can talk all you want about Harleys this, Indians that.  The Rune is a rolling bike of mystical art that leaves all others in the dust.
I love my Valkyrie
The lamentations of women and children. This is what is good in life.
Honda gave people what they needed before they knew they needed it.
So much nostalgia. The Rune sat directly in front of my desk when I sold bikes and it was by far the best thing in the showroom. Thanks for taking me back with this one!
surprisingly good message at the end of a cool fast toy video
If memory serves. they were selling at almost twice the sticker price
You know that half ton trucks means they can ahul half a ton in the bed. Doesn't mean anything abkut the trucks weight
Great show … loved it … keep it coming.  BikesRule  StayUpOn2 Blitz
I'm not jealous
Lived experience. Transvestite bike.
HAAWAIIAN??!!
It's a collector's bike anyway.
Good for Honda for making an interesting and unique looking bike. I do wish they would have spent all of that R&D money designing better suspensions for their other models though.
Still have a poster of this bike on the wall next to the posters of the Lamborghini Countach, Jaguar XJ220, and below the McLaren F1. The posters were the the only part of any of them that I could afford. So there the Rune hangs, in good company I'd say
The 65 people who downvoted this are being visited by three ghosts tonight...
hey great video.....but i have a question....what boots are those in the first few seconds... fox comp something?.... love you!
So dope. Own experiences, not things. Go ride.
I’ve loved the Rune for years - it’s an absolute dream bike for me
Awesome job as always!
That is  a truly masterpiece
That thing is an absolutely ass ugly abomanation.
I might be the only person who thinks this motorcycle is possibly the ugliest ever made. The rear looks like the back fender has a tumor growing off it. The front shocks looks like they were designed with spare parts in some apocalypse.
OMG I clicked the video closed just at the last second and saw.....Well I'm not sure what I saw but that shit is hilarious. Kudos on owning a Rune. The best bike ever built in my opinion.
The rune is dumb but you have to love cute little elf-Ryan
The Rune could have been you ruin had you dropped it.
I have to say, I'm a little horrified at the idea of salt getting on that.
Still think the Valkyrie looked better.
This is what santa plans to ride on Christmas when all the kids end up on his naughty list and finally gets to take a holiday.
There’s 1 for sale in UK, £19,995 - no panniers. I expect its now gone …….
Sir, you are a genius and your videos are optical masterpieces.
State of the art content, per usual
Rune ... rhymes with Dune ... bike ... book.  Both kinda sci-fi.  Could have been in Bladerunner.
I remember seeing one of these on a trip down the Pig Trail to Eureka Springs Arkansas. It was like seeing a unicorn in the wild. Absolutely beautiful machine.
Thank you F9, always one of the best gifts in the stocking 🎅🏼👌🏼
Who puts pineapple on pizza? Also, it's neither a pine or an apple. I'm severely triggered now.  The bike however is beautiful and I fully grok it in it's entirety.
Honda is becoming a joke... Africa twin 1100, oil consumption... Hornet and transalp design... Becoming a joke...
My 1st thought was, how many times did you dump it?
Always happy to see another Fortnine video uploaded!
The Rune, the original Lead Sled!😁
My dream motorcycle!
Absolutely Brilliant!  And Merry Christmas to you and yours, Ryan.
6:52... The fuck? That is like Lexus LFA in car industry.
Merry Christmas
That bike looks absolutely awesome
Your contact is so intelligent, beautifully visual, and perfectly hilarious when it needs to be.   I don’t know how you do it.
I'll just get an electric motorcycle and not have to worry about failures and mechanical complexity 😅  Great video 👌
You sir, are a true motorcycling treasure. Thank you and merry Christmas
You are the man, in the same way that bike is ART. Enough said.
Merry Christmas
Best Christmas gift you can get, new Fortnine video! Thanks for this one!
Hey, that's Kamen Rider Hibiki's bike!
You could pick these up used all day long for less than 10 grand here in South Florida. That was 4 years ago. They are already back up to $24,000.
I give thanks to the universe for blessing me with this marvellous machine everytime I take it for a spin. It's only drawback is finding admirers around it when I stop for gas or pop into a store and then having the same conversation again and again. Don't think I'll ever find a bike as enjoyable to ride in the future and certainly not one that looks so smokin hot sexy.
Why was Honda using imperial measurements for its geometry on this bike when Japan and the automtive industry as a whole went metric decades before?
True, a scratch on such a masterpiece would give the same seasonal sensation as backing into that antler door knob
Gotta love Honda for this. Would not be a happy shareholder tho.
I honestly expected him to throw the Rune book into his woodstove. Why else was the door of the stove wide open? He should have faked doing it. A good ending for this dead end motorcycle white elephant.
That was so good! Happy holidays.
I agree 100% own experiences. These people who have warehouses full of classic cars, bikes and even planes that never see the light of day. They sit, kept alive by battery tenders, like people in the Matrix. At least Jay Leno drives and enjoys his collection.  One town over from where I live there's a building the size of a super-center that's some private collector's lair. I've seen it open for fund-raising one time. That's not collecting That's buying stuff so other people can't have it. That's Gollum on his island muttering about his rung.
I will NEVER let you borrow one of my bikes.  You should be punished for ruinning and running your friends bike through melted salty road waste.
Honda is famous for making design exercises come to life.  What surprises me is that the design has aged so well, it's timeless!
It's funny how F9's review of the bike sells it better than original ad.
It's ugly, it's bizarre, it's a freak bike. Not Rune -- instead, "Ruined."
Holy crap I’m having a tuff time watching this video … your friend let you have his bike while he was on holidays? And you got it out in the snow and slop and riding through big dirty mud puddles and leaving it out in the snow ? there has to be more to this that maybe I’m missing? such a nice well kept shiny bike never to be the same once that salt (liquid or solid) gets in all the places you can’t get it back outta, oh well it’s not my bike so keep on treating it like a rental and throttle on lol
Such a nice Christmas gift for us Rune Owners…Should’ve also mentioned the unique tire size. (wish Dunlop can be nicer to us)
Merry Christmas
😎👍🇺🇸  Not really my cup of tea but sometimes you just gotta blow the bank and buy what sings to your soul.  I had that chance. Or should I say, when the needs must. The devil rides. It saw me. It talked to my soul without my consent. Eventually I rode the last available brand new Honda RC30 home.😈
Merry Christmas F9, thanks for all you do
I always see them for sale here in America. Nobody wants them. They're ridiculously ugly, underpowered and overpriced
Hah! Merry Christmas mate. Australia
FortNine. Happy holidays you legends! Just in time to put this Honda on my wish list to Santa.
reminds me of the NH4... only much more expensive
“Own experiences” most epic!
Ryan and Mr. Homeless uploading within 2 hours? This truly is a Christmas miracle!
I have goldwing, so its closed enough...
I love this bike so much. For everything it is and stands for.
Shoulda tuned that flat 6 for 10,000 rpm and 200 horsepower. Then they woulda had something....
Own Experiences!  Best ending on the interwebs.  I am a diehard Valk owner and when they came out with the Rune my crew hated it..  nicknamed the Ruin… anyway Ive warmed to it but never was able to justify the $$ at the time…
Man, even the audio quality and attention to details is top notch. No comment again and again... :)
another masterpiece from FortNine.👍🙌 i sat on a Rune when they were introduced at Daytona Bike Week. i have been on motorcycles, and in the motorcycle industry, for over 40 years… to this day, the Rune stands out in my memory as the most ergonomically correct motorcycle i have ever sat on. i often wondered why this masterpiece had such a short production run… now i know. thank you, Ryan, for explaining why and also for making a very important philosophical point… ”own experiences”.  i envy you your Rune. ride it well, and enjoy it. both of you will pass from this earth in time… “leave nothing behind”. 🙏
Dude, you're good 👍.  I like your channel.
whenever anyone asked which bike I'd want if I could have any, this is it
Kudos for riding an expensive scooter in the rain and snow! I've done that for years with my bikes. Bikes are to be RIDDEN...Period
Wow, awesome
You have got to admire Honda for their vision - back in the early 2000s, they knew Ryan would want something special for his 2022 Christmas video and they had the conviction to go for it. By that reckoning, the 2044 Christmas video should be the 2022 Repsol Honda Moto GP bike!
I remember these making a big wave down here in Australia. Custom bike guys were losing their minds that their 60k+ all out builds were being undercut by a factory Honda.
I almost unsubscribed when I saw that pineapple on the pizza 🍕  Lucky I like your Chanel and it's Christmas 🎄  🤣
Phenomenal.. I worked at Burt Ives Honda, formerly in Columbia, Connecticut. We sold two of those, I got to ride one and the other tech Mike Z. road tested one too prior to delivery. Our salesman, Mark Haddad could sell ice to eskimos.  It’s as stable as a ‘wing once you get moving ever so much.  Didn’t realize I was riding such a gem.  Thank you for all of the effort you all put in Ryan. Merry Christmas to you and the crew.
Seriously that flat six is one of the greatest engines ever stuffed into a motorcycle. Absolutely glorious.
To the Fortnine production crew, the cinematography is legit the best I’ve ever seen in any YouTube video. Please keep up the quality over quantity work. It is as good if not better than old top gear in its heat. Keep up the good work and merry Christmas.
Hats off to the top shelf video editing team.  The Rune is an amazing machine. If it had wind protection then I'd want one.
Beautiful video, apart from being besmirched by the Hawaiian pizza
Ive always wanted one but it would be a garage queen
laughs in XR650L
Thats' one hell of a high priced shiny boat anchor ..... as an aside the video is a keeper
I think jay leno has one of these
The backside and seat looks like shit unfortunately
Doing shit for no other reason than just because you fucking can! A concept everyone who rides understands. I love it.
Nice last minute Christmas present thanks
This bike is pretty sweet.  I'd love to see your take on the 2018 Yamaha Star Eluder.  It was a one year model and I find it quite capable, tho the max lean angle leaves a bit to be desired.  Check it out... If you can find one!
7:48 effortless
Dang You!!  Now I WANT one.  Merry Christmas😢
this is a rolls royce
What a beast. Thank you Ryan and co for another year of entertainment and education. Hope you have a good and relaxing holidays o/
Best MC video ever!
Bring it back, but this time....electric.
Oh yesss... This Honda is absolute stunning.
This video makes me wish I hadn't sold mine...(j/k)
They Ruined the Rune.
LOL. That last shot.  Merry Christmas Ryan and team.  Merry Christmas to all my Ryan-fan brothers. Safe and enjoyable riding to you for 2023. To those that don’t ride, a wonderful 2023 to you as well.
And if you want one today they can be had for about $26.000.
Your saying its too expensive to damage to the point that you dont want drive so it does'nt serve any purpose. Does that mean its art??
Merry Christmas.
“Own experiences”  Powerful, Mr Fortnine
Merry Christmas all at Fort9.
I can't get over how ugly this thing is.
I think I will stick with my Honda trail.
No! Don't let people know about this bike, I don't need the asking price for it to go up more! 😅
Wow! So cool how did I miss that one. Never saw one before.
I LOVE your content - without a doubt, your YouTube is the best on the internet! Your research is the unparalleled, and your presentation couldn't be better! Watching you ride in the snow brought back so many memories for me.... I used to love riding when there was snow about - and I did it a lot on my motorcycles as I had been a Santa for 15 years....and back in Winnipeg, my senior high school year, I rode a Yamaha 250 DT-1 with studded tires to school, all winter. Starting it was sometimes difficult after sitting outside all day in -10 weather...(remove spark plug and keep it in your pocket all day - it will start with a warm, fresh plug down to -25C).
Awesome 👌  merry xmas
Oh wow this was amazing. Incredible music choices and editing, beautiful filmmaking and oh my god: the writing.
I remember these sitting forever on dealer floors when they were new. Beautiful works of art.
Great video! Thank you. 🍻
I've seen these at various bike gatherings in SoCal and admired the finish and details, but never itched to ride one. I had no idea they were so rare!
one of the only other bikes to pretty much look exactly like concept is the svartpilen/vitpilen. arguably on the exact opposite end of the spectrum as the rune.
Thicc hips on that thing.  Makes sweet music too.
I was waiting for this one!  Thank you Fortnine for delivering on the teaser a few videos ago!
Your videos are a work of art, even if I didn’t care about Motorcycles I’d watch them for the production value. Amazing stuff. Going to google Honda Rune’s for a bit.
Best Christmas story ever... Santa if you are listening *nudge nudge wink wink* I think I know what I want for being a good boy this year..... 🎄
I wish Youtube created a "love" button for videos because Fortnine's are beyond a mere like.
its nice to see a fellow  canadian riding in winter. hard to come by now a days. good stuff bud
Too good to ride, but too beautiful to not buy. What a ridiculous problem.
Actually it is not a "machine" It is a computer on wheels. I used to own a 1999 Honda Valkyrie, bought used. It was a machine. Six, count'm SIX carburetors. It was a huge, heavy bike that was no fun at all around town, but absolutely wonderful on the interstates. Better than a Goldwing because it didn't have that huge fairing and windshield that turned the Goldwing into a 2 wheeled car.   Honda built the Rune for only one reason. It was their corporate flagship. It was a rolling example of their engineering and manufacturing abilities. It was a halo bike. It was advertising, plain and simple, and they probably got their moneys worth out of it. And most people who bought them were collectors. And it really wasn't that expensive compared to many Harleys at the time. Once in a while I see one listed for sale online for less than half what they cost new.
Okay I just started watching your video haven't even finished it yet. But I'm making this comment! Careful be very very careful this is a unicorn
There were a few for sale locally for a reasonable price.. until today!
In 1989 Canon made the EF 50mm f/1.0 lens. It still sells for $4000 used, in any condition, and has yet to be equalled.  There was no reason for that lens to exist other than to increase Canon's Prestige.  This motorcycle.
What is this abomination? 😂
Great Video!
On of the most beautiful motorcycles ever made
Wanted one of these for about 5 years and think I'll go on wanting one for another 35-45 if I'm lucky
I've been a motorcyclist since 1967, and all the Rune did for me is make my head shake.
"Own experiences" Mate this will echo into the ages
I would love to know the locations where they filmed this. They looked great! Especially, that hilarious "shortcut".
I had forgotten all about that machine.
Would love to see a Honda CTX 1300 video.
This has to be one of my favourites! What a bike, what a tribute, and what a message. Merry Christmas F9!!
Santa's Slay.
Inexcusably high production quality as per usual
Great video but I was kinda disturbed by the wet winter riding 😮. I’ve got one on my bucket list but they’re quite rare and expensive. I used to not care for them until I heard the work and money they put into each bike. Merry Christmas
Riding your friends bike in the winter, through puddles no less. Still friends???
Honda used the naked Goldwing, the latest model F6C as the standard, without the fancy design and without the shiny chrome... that would be the bike to go for... with the brutal Flat 6 everyone appreciates...
Thats the kind bike Bruce Wayne rides in Batman: Mask of the Phantasm. damn thats nice
Great video. Unusual but beautiful bike
Pineapple on pizza unsub
9:15 lol, this is applicable to this day on most of Honda Canada's street bike models. How far the mighty has fallen! Merry Christmas to F9, thanks for the awesome videos this year!
What's the jacket that Ryan's wearing? Does anybody know?
Well guys u did it again. Good Job, and Merry Christmas.
This video perfectly sums up why I owned a Husqvarna Nuda 900R.  Already sold that bike, but man was it worth it.
Folks from “up north” pronounce the word ruin, “rune”………it all makes sense now…
Super brave for riding a big bike on roads like that!
Want one!
Absolutely a premier video 10/10!
My man did you just simulate a 5000 year old lost wax method with a Chocolate Santa? Legend.
I mean c'mon, it's middle of the night and you just made me go for a ride
Merry Christmas F9
Amazingly informative and equally enjoyable to watch. All the best to you and yours this holiday season, Ryan.
I remember seeing the Rune at the Honda dealer, such a cool-looking bike! I still keep an eye out for one any time I go there. If Harley's defining characteristic as a brand is that they still produce bikes that look just like the one you fell in love with 50 years ago, to me Honda's defining characteristic is that they make super cool, uniquely perfect bikes...for about 2-3 years each. (Not counting their dirt & dualsport models.)
Hi
Have to see more of the out takes of this one 🤣🤣 Bet that flying harness rubbed in all the wrong spots 🤣🤣 Happy holidays 👍
Bet it rides nice but it looks so.... 2004.
Just as many cylinders as a honda odyssey, and almost as big.
Whats the point of owning a dream, if you can't experience the dream. Well said brother.
Cool video men!
Let's turn fuel into noise in 2023 😁
Just watched a video on Fisker Karma, and they say the same things: super unpractical, super expensive, just impossible to find spare parts, and it all for aestronomical money, and this all for no reason other than just being ART.
What's Interesting? That up-to-your-anal-orifice snowy Canada, with icy, encrusted forest trees, has completely snow/ice free, "DRY" highways and streets!!! I'm agog! Yes, Honda's dollar-chasm imbroglio was astonishing, but all money-wise corporations get cash-fat and stupid executives abound to fleece the stockholders, sooner, rather than later (have you bought any "somewhere-in-the-internet" crypt-currency stock?). So, FortNine's flounce-about  into winter aboard a Runic Hondatanic can suffice for "twas the night before..."
Wait, they sold a bike for $27K after spending $150K building it?  My mind is completely blown.
your videos are so beautifull ... thank you!
Ryan, quite honestly one of your best videos, Enjoy your holiday! Rick
I own a Monkey,the very polar opposite of this......or would that be the Ruckus? Anyways, incredible video!
I love the Conan reference
As always amazing work by the whole team. Well done, and Merry Christmas to you all.
Just wanted to let you know, I started watching this channel because of a recommended video a couple weeks ago, and now I’m taking a riding course and getting my license next month. I just wanted to thank you for all of the info you provide to all of us newbies, and helping break old thoughts and habits for those who’ve been riding for years.
Rode a red one. Absolutely stunning to look at and a pleasure to ride. Oh, yeah the Rune is nice too.
If they had got Ryan to do the sales pitch, they would of sold thousands of them, I want one...
Long time watcher, first time commenter…I have to wonder if anyone but viewers read these…anyway.  A Rune is my every day driver. I cannot express enough how thoroughly this video expresses the upsides to this magnificent expression of two wheel art. And like a true work of art, it’s nearly irreplaceable. Finding parts can be a special kind of hell. That said it hardly needs them. Just change the fluids and keep the shiny side up.  As far as production numbers, the VIN numbers on the rune have a section that appears to exist to keep count. Presumably from 0001 to 1500. I’ve seen up to 1480. BUT I have also seen three 0001s and three 0018s that have a different digit somewhere else in the VIN. There’s a pretty well kept together VIN list on the rune riders forum if you care to look.   The best guess is I have heard, and tend to agree with put the original number of bikes at around 3200. With crashes and exports considered we have maybe 2k in North America.  Thanks for the always great content.
Merry  Christmas, Ryan. Thanks for the great vids! :-)
another  perfect video except for the dishonour you played against pizza by ordering Hawaiian
Ugliest bike I've seen in years. No thank you.
2:43 the threads are showing in the front tire? Or my eyes are playing tricks in me?
This video will be responsible for the increased cost of the Rune and I think that's a great thing.
Merry Christmas Eve :)
Always the best videos on YouTube. Cheers to Ryan and the Fortnine team.🍻
And just like that rune prices jumped another 5k over night .. and another childhood dreams grows further away
Great video but aint you worried about ICE?!!? Yipes!
Ryan, you make the BEST videos on YouTube!!  Keep them coming. Please!
Production quality, content and humor is incredible!
I remember getting one out of the crate and doing my PDI on one back then, rode it to the local Harley shop in my test ride just to mess with the "big" twin guys there, that flat 6 is so smooth and had so much torque.....by far not the first thing that Honda build that loses them money just so they can show the world how big their balls are, think NR750, original NSX, RC30/45 for just a few examples.
Always wanted to ride one, just to see.
RyanF9 makes physics so understandable
Wow. Never knew much about the behind the scenes stuff of the Rune, so this was enlightening. Very far from my cup of tea, but I can respect the design and engineering ethos, as well as the finished product. Pretty cool.
I never knew these even existed until I was on a group ride and a purple one was there. I was on a Suzuki M109R which was a bike I spent 2 years looking for because well, silver. The Boulevard 1800 is long gone but damn would this look great in my garage.
Dreamed about that bike while riding the VTX1800.  The bags that Rune, ugh, turned that dream into a nightmare.
Still blows my mind how you drive in that cold as weather
Or you could buy a 2014 Valkyrie, with super low mileage, and it will do the same thing.
It's gorgeous, and looks art deco inspired.  But I cringe that he's driving it on salty winter roads.
Thank You,👍👍👍👍👍♦️♦️♦️♦️♦️
It doesn't look like a a Goldwing at all; it looks like someone said "I want to build a motorcycle version of an Auburn Speedster."  I don't know that I like the looks of this, but I appreciate the craziness it took to get Honda to make it.
For so long I thought only I cared about the Rune.
Dislike for speaking for eating while speaking
Man, the scenery in these videos is always top notch. Makes me want to visit our neighbors to the north. Merry Christmas all!
This bike and Victory and Indian models I think are extremely ugly. My daughter would never come with me into the  showroom at Indian. Even for the cringe  value. Only an American could like these bikes.
These things are worth more now then when new   I had a chance to buy the last one my old dealership sold when I first started in the powersports industry. My current boss ended up with it and the  Rune still is one of my favorite if not the favorite motorcycle Honda has ever produced.
Cool channel, спасибо Райн, тебя смотрят в России.. Благодарю за хорошие видео!.
That thing is ugly but then again, typical import styling Those bags a even uglier than the bike but then again this is my opinion only but considering they sold so few, im probably correct. Probably why i will never buy a glowing also, ugly!
FUCKING INCREDIBLE VIDEO PRODUCTION !
I saw this bike in a motorcycle magazine but never heard Honda has built it. Reminds me of the BMW R18, they are selling today. Whoever is designing BMW's motorcycles looks, they look like artwork. The Rune looks amazing, Bravo Honda.
wow my favorite bike by my favorite YouTuber
Magnificent mistake!
The Rune was ahead of its time. I wish I was able to have one. But I managed to obtain a Valkyrie 1800. Basically, a Rune with conventional suspension. Amazing bike. It just pulls. I'll prolly never get rid of it. It's just a cool bike.
Makes my CB500X look like a hot wheels version of a bike, what a beast 👍
...but I still can't get a modern XR650L, thanks for nothing Honda.
Meeting your heroes kinda deal... Me and buying a Buell two years ago. Yum.
Wonderful job Ryan, quality content as always. What jacket is that?
That Santa casting turned out so well lol
Когда впервые увидел этот байк вживую просто был в шоке от его деталировки и качества исполнения. До сих пор считаю что это лучший заводской кастом в истории. Спасибо за обзор!
You gotta love the fact that Ryan twisted it's titty to hear the underlying vortices
Before I watch this video, I must say this is my favorite motorcycle that I’ve ever seen. And yes it was definitely a waste of money. That’s why it’s such a art piece in masterpiece
The problem with a bike like this is that everywhere you stop, you gather a crowd.  Honda has produced so many bikes that became iconic, from the Super Cub to the Goldwing to the Mini-Trail 50 to the Monkey, but nobody has ever sat down and decided to build a bike INTENDING it to be an icon.
Merry Christmas
Great, but I still disagree on the DD ring skeeeeem ☝☝😃😃
Remove the muffler and this would be perfect
Excellent video.  I just checked her in Japan and on the website I checked on there were 7 in the country and all expensive AF.
I think this bike is awesome, its like a Bugatti in motorbike world without speed and performancce. Still faster than a Harley?
Did you seriously have a special pizza cutter made to prove your point? This is why I love your channel
The fact you had 2 pizza cutters for this video…😂
Why exactly is it, that we get excited every time the wheel gets reinvented.... ?
So Honda can get outside the comfort zone now and again.
You keep lifting your production game F9... brilliant Rune review!
That's honestly one of the most beautiful motorcycles I've ever seen
Its kinda the same with my 1995 MZ Saxon Sportstar 125. Less than 100 are recorded to have been sold in the UK, only 4 are known to be on the road still in the UK, mine being the most recent returnee.  I use it now and again for riding to and from work daily, despite it being such a rare bike here in the UK. It turns heads in the way only an MZ can, I've had folk say I should only use it on dry days or not use it at all, but then....where is the fun in that?
The bike is pure art and so is this channel!
Everybody loves a Buff-Eh
Rune, what is best in life? ;-)
Very interesting bike with a lot to appreciate. I just think its a fugly.
Merry Christmas Ryan
I pray for a world in which pineapple pizza is NOT AN OPTION!
Love that bike but just outside my budget by quite a few thousands of dollars. Merry Christmas, F9.
I'm a simple girl. I see FortNine, I click. Never disappoints!
How do you not freeze riding when it's that cold
I never knew that this even existed and now cannot live without...😍
By Far you make the best motorcycle videos in the whole world !!! Congrats
Yes ! I was waiting for a Rune video ever since I saw it in your garage ^^ Well done and merry x-mass ! : )
Actually, it is very likely that Honda starts off with making a sillicon mold which is then used to create wax versions of the parts that are needed. The sillicon molds can be used a lot more than a single time which is why it is such a repeatable process. The wax versions are then encased into (very likely a type of ) plaster which creates the final mold. Those molds are destroyed and the wax is lost (either melted beforehand or replaced/burned away by pooring in the molten metal, hence "lost wax technique".
Did.....did they make that rune logo like the runescape one by accident, or....?
It makes me wonder why such gushing over design details is so poorly known in the motorcycle world. More attention ought to be paid to the emotional part of ownership. Motorcycles aren't like microwaves or hair dryers, we don't buy them purely for the functionality.
As an owner of this dream machine, I can confirm that everything shown in this video is 100% accurate. Ryan, thanks for testing this bike in conditions I wouldn’t ever have the guts to.
It's awful.
Ryan, your work is amazing.  But the consistent sexual references limit where it can be watched, and who I can share it with. Something to consider.
I thought it might have been marketing budget, but I don't really remember it. The De Costanza bikes I remember.
Brilliant vid on an obscure motorcycle. I loves these.
Merry Christmas Ryan.
It's a heck of a loss leader that's for sure
Thanks for another year of great presentations,Merry Christmas!
You think he ever drives a car?
THIS WAS FREAKING AWESOME!!
Waking up to this in Australia is a fantastic Christmas present. Thanks Ryan and the team at F9. Merry Christmas.
So this is a "retirement motorcycle." ie: purchase motorcycle, disassemble motorcycle, sell parts, retire. Perfect.
The parallels are obvious.    The investment put into this bike, and the return, they don’t make sense.  Just like F9videos.  Are these videos being made to lure customers to the website to sell handguards and sprockets and panniers? Or are they creating art for the sake of creating art?
Babe wake up, fortnine dropped a new video
This video is the only Xmas present I'll get... but what an experience!
a christmas delight. i get a new video from my OG, you and this old tony. thank you. happy holidays
Thank God for the Cinematography because that is the ugliest bike I have ever seen
Owen experiences 👍🤙
Damn its ugly
Thanks for the movie! Merry Christmas!
i gotta say im not even that crazy into motorcycles(theyre awesome i just cant ride) but the way you present your content always brings me back
Metrics please mr Ryan ;)
An acquaintance bought one because he goes for all that hype and he has more money than brains. It's really just a VTX on steroids, it's too heavy and you have to ride like you have a stick up your arse. Nope. Next. Hey...review the Victory Vision...the ultimate recliner on wheels!
Such a gorgeous bike
I wish the very best of the season to Ryan and the entire team.  You have all built one of the best motorcycling channels out there and your fans rush to watch every new release because of the amazing writing, great cinematography, and Ryan's down-home delivery.  Hopefully you're enjoying time with those you love.
What a great message! Many collectors rob others of experiences while denying themselves the experience as well. It's a habit that should be condemned at every opportunity.
Yeah but... rust? I wouldn't drive something I care about in salt.
I can't tell you guys how much I love this channel. It's literally my favorite channel. This team is so creative.
Art has no price tag
id be willing to bet the engineers are very happy you are riding it like that
legitimately my no. 1 dream bike.
Coolest production bike ever.prices of these in decades ahead will be crazy, pleasing owners & Honda execs.
Once upon a time, these things dropped below 5000 Pounds in the UK and I was dying to buy one, and get it to Turkey because there was none here, but i was broke and couldn't do it. Nowadays people ask king's ransom for one. Just my luck!
I gotta say: it's an ugly bike.
Dear Ryan. If you thought they were hard to find before, now you've really done it.
7:46 That clip was just hilariously comical. Cheers Mr Ryan!
Honda can do it
That front tyre!!! 😧
Merry Christmas!
I always liked the Rune.   It feels like a callback to the Dream, in some ways.
Wait for the end
Pineapple on pizza. So wrong...
The production value of these videos is insane, I get frickin chills every time Holy shit
Am i the only one who watches a fortnine video and wanting to like the video twice??
I gottah say. Great xmas gift to me that you made this video. I wanted one of these when i got my 1st bike working. A 02 Shadow Spirit. I read about the Rune. I heard Honda made it specifically just to give to its high up executives and a few to sell to make their own rare collectable. There was no plan to mass produce these beyond the 1500 or so they made. They just made it to show off they could build the best looking bike with no limitations.  One was for sell here in Texas 5 or 6 years ago and was gone the next day.   I have a 2014 Valkyrie which I love after 2 other bikes i restored and sold got me enough to get it.  I wanted to ride it all the way up to Canada one day to visit F9 but thats a long trip.  I see that sponsor money is paying off. Production value has shot through the roof with F9.   Great video as always. DO NOT DROP! should be a sticker on the side of that Rune. 😆  Cheers.
I had no idea less than 1500 were sold.  All the dealers in my area (San Jose CA) had at least one on the floor.  One dealer had a couple.. and they were there for YEARS.  Never seen one in the wild.
That is one ugly bike. I throw up a little every time I see even a picture of one.
What a pig! I wouldn't cross the street to piss on it if it were on fire. However, I would cross the street to set it on fire!! hehe. Merry Christmas everyone!!!
Honda-i Honda
2 of them where/are available at FayMyers motorcycle world in Denver.
You’re living the dream Ryan
Thanks. I've been stalking them for a while and coming up with the excuses to tell my wife why I needed one. After this everyone will think theirs is made of unobtanium. Oh wait, they are, it's just that nobody was really paying attention. Way to F*$k that up buddy! (p.s. Keep up the good work, this channel is by far the best content on the interwebs.)
Merry Christmas Fortnine staff & Ryan thanks for the good video plus that last flying elf bit
Love the look of these bikes, Very 'Judge Dredd' but i like distinctive looking bikes 😊✌👍👌🤘🖖
The front shock thing dont even make sense lol
I hope your pal has a very laid back personality. Treating a pristine, rare , collectable Honda made of unobtanian like some old Harley isn’t going to make them feel very amiable towards you.
Here goes FortNine again, making me want another motorcycle that I wouldn't of thought twice about before...
This is Honda's second 'mega cruiser' a lot cheaper but almost as impressive is the Honda Valkyrie Interstate... Neither considered commercially successful... But both have a cult following
What a message!
You have a new subscriber.   Excellent work sir
Great video as usual. Merry Xmas
The rune is neat.  No arguing, the machine is rolling art.  I like to look at the rune, not ride it, too afraid to have some chud run a stop sign and fugg it up on me.  Rune for me = museum piece, my main choice for a regular riding beast would still have to be the original '97 - '03 Valkyrie.  I freaking LOVE those!
I already loved the naked goldwing-valkery for his naked boxer6.. But now I definitely added it to my Christmas-wishlist!  Happy days FrotNine!
Honda went wrong with Touring Big Hoss Bikes As HONDA CLASSIC Had 10 Type:  1. Real Classic (1910 Harley Davidson Single Belt), HONDA SOLO 2003 2. Muscle Classic (1919-1949) (Indian Scout 600), JAWA 42 BOBBER  3. Super Classic (1930-1949) (Harley Davidson VL 1200), 1998 HONDA Steed VLS  4. Tracker (1953-1969) Harley-Davidson KR, YAMAHA XG 250 Tricker  5. Cafe Racer (1964-1970) (Norton Dunstall 810), Royal Enfield Continental  6. Scrambler (SWM Six Days)  7. Rally (FANTIC CABALLERO 500 RALLY)  8. Dual Bike (YAMAHA XT250)  9. Crossover Dual Bike (Honda AX-1)  10. SUPER SPORT CLASSIC (BRABUS 1300R ABS)  11. Sport Classic (Triumph Speed Triple 1200R)  12. Adventure Sport Classic (BMW R1100, 1200, 1250GS) (HARLEY DAVIDSON 1250 PAN AMERICA)
That pizza looks so good lmao
I was on vacation with my family in Florida at Disneyworld. We rented a car and went to Daytona Beach to swim in the ocean. There was a guy there on a Rune riding it on the sand. That's the only one I've ever seen in public. It seemed to handle the loose sand really well, probably a property of that offset camber set up.
I prefer my Valkyrie. Wish they made more of those
This was when Honda went off the rails. I owned a Honda Valkyrie F6C like tens of thousands of other owners throughout the country, and a member of the largest Valkyrie owners club in the country. We all were clamoring for a new and updated Valkyrie, which was an absolute smash hit for Honda, built in Marysville, Ohio people drove across the entire country to participate in Honda Homecoming at the factory. The Honda Hoot in Knoxville was also legendary, these were the Golden Years for Honda motorycles. Then, they hired complete buffoons in marketing the engineering and they destroyed everything good. The first step to destruction was moving production to Japan and shutting down The Homecoming and Hoot events. Then they hyped and released the Rune as the replacement for the F6C using the Valkyrie name, which was an instant failure. Everyone I knew was like WTF, no one bought one. Honda continued to make massive mistakes over the years like exiting the sport touring segment while it was red hot. They never remodeled the ST1300, and worse, discontinued it.  Then they invested hundreds of millions into DCT transmissions which no one wants. Honda used to make incredible motorcycles but now they are a complete joke. They're now investing hundreds of millions into the adventure motorycling fad which has already run it's course. I don't know how they stay in business.
Runescape
The Headlight looks Exactly like the Scary Ghost Face
Thank you Ryan et al, Merry Christmas!!!
What an amazingly beautiful road view in the beginning! Best as always!
Quality… as always!
My bucket list bike is a '14-'15 Valkyrie because it's the more attainable cousin of this bike. Great to hear about it!
Finally, someone said it. Get something rare, use it. Keeping in a collection seems like a sad way to be. If I ever get an r23, I’m riding it everywhere I can 😊
Merry Christamas Mr. Nine!
These videos are always such a treat. Cheers!
The best motorcycle channel with the best production quality, period.
The front forks look like a prototype for the new(er) Goldwings.
MM77 Approved 👍🏻👍🏻……………..Merry Christmas!!
I own that exact pizza cutter.
Otro nivel.
Ryan knows what is best in life
They really did make the concept come to life.
Always amazing production values and writing
7:07 I lost my breath when I heard that
Electric bikes are the future.
Another great video and this happened to be my favorite bike ever so thanks for the video
thank you that was delicious
Yet another masterpiece by Honda and FortNine.
ive actually seen a rune or two out in the wild. very striking machines
The Rune is still the only cruiser I was ever enamored with. I remember seeing one amidst a sea of custom v-twin monsters at the Hollister cruise in 2004 and it was the only bike that stopped me dead in my tracks. The styling may be "of the era" but its presence is undeniable. Great video!
I have seen this bike in Jay Leno’s garage
Own experiences!
9:05 Did he just say ... 18 ... 18000?
The only motorcycle company to give back in a tangible way .
You give me anxiety riding on potentially icy roads
What a quality this is. Using "the Nutcracker" for bike that busted Honda's balls. Thank Tchaikovsky for FortNine! A+ma-zing quality!
Your content, information, and production quality is better than ANYTHING I've seen on any medium. If this was a television show, I'd be a couch potato like I haven't been since I was a kid!
That’s one lucky Timbits box
Ryan you are a genius.  A veritable wizarding wordsmith. A mythical purveyor of two wheel archaisms…. A Runesmith. Merry Xmas you Legend.  See you next year.
Thus with this dream, Honda made EX5 Dream
dude said "chody"
Your videos are the only Christmas gift I need Thank you Happy Holidays
The most aesthetically beautiful video I have recently watched ❤ Thanks Ryan
The teardrop design language is so loud, if honda could, they would 100% make a piston head that was also a teardrop, just to flex
How did Ryan get one and why does he make it sound like it was by accident?
inspiring message. great video
It's legit one of the best motorbikes ever made... and this comes from a guy that hates cruisers with a passion. Ever since I was like ¿13? I've been like "it's special, it's something else, it's way better than any cruiser has the right to be".  I don't think I'll ever own a cruiser but, if I ever do, it has to be a Honda Valkyrie Rune. One day...
Thanks for the Christmas gift
there have been some UGLY bikes, and this surely is one of them!
So is this the enormous motorcycle Hagrid was riding when he took Harry to the Dursley’s?
Brilliant, thank you. ☯️🙏
The motorcyclists Riddle of Steel.
Fortnine never disappoints, another bike to dream of and never have.
Good for you to actually ride a Rune...Now stop it, clean it, put it in the front room and treasure it like the work of art it is.
Opened YT just to check for new content from  this channel. Wasn't disappointed. 🎄✌️
This bike would make me nervous Honda's chrome back then sucked.
Burn that thing please!
I bet you dollars to timbits that the 'poor Engineer who had to design a massive parallelogram' is a FortNine subscriber and is watching this video right now... (hell, for all you know, he might be me! 🍩)
Jeez- for that kind of money it should be one of the fastest bike on the road
That was AWESOME !!!👏👏  Merry Christmas
Thank you for all the excellent content. Merry Christmas Mr F9! Would you please consider doing a video about Moto Guzzi? Lots of history and fun quirks to explore. Thanks and all the best!
Merry Xmas to everyone.
Fantastic video as per usual. Crazy amazing bike. Now I'd like to speak to you about your nutritional choices.
The voice of Warren Milner explaining the bike 9:15 :)
Holy crap that 6:24 explanation with the chocolate was genius!
The super impractical manufacturing can be supplemented by modern 3d printed stainless steel. So i guess there's a tidy profit to the first person to reverse engineer the dimensions of the parts.
Merry Christmas! My first gift already opened! Thank you Fortnine!
One of the all-time most beautiful motorcycles, it's a rolling work of art. Probably the only motorcycle I would want more than Kaneda's bike in Akira, and only slightly more obtainable
I put away my dual sport at 50⁰ F / 10⁰ C You are riding a Rune in the snow. Merry Christmas, you crazy Canuck.
I remember when these first came out. I wanted one but not enough to pony up that much money.  They are truly a piece of art.
Ok, YVR shut down,  ferries mostly not running,  busses stuck all over vancouver and your out galavanting around on a buddies priceless Valkyrie Rune!  Why not get Pamela Anderson from Ladysmith to ride shotgun?  Oh yeah,  no ferries. Maybe next Christmas?  One can dream.  Thanks again for the early present.
I waded through years of your flippant drowning on just to experience this masterpiece. Totally worth it!
Always loved that bike. Absolutely beautiful
10:56 🤘🎅🤘
It's pretty cold up there in the winter isn't it. Aren't you worried about ice on the road in a big cruiser
Exceptional vid… Merry Christmas 👍🏼
I fell in love with this bike when I saw it on the showroom floor. Didn't realize how lucky I was to see one in a small town bike dealer. The very next year I bought my first bike, a Honda Ascot FT500
When I was in high school, this was my dream bike... After seeing this, it still is. Thank you, and Merry Christmas!
WTF are you doing riding such a beautiful machine in the snow???!!!!
Merry Christmas, Ryan.
🏍🏍🏍🏍🏍🏍
One thing I've always liked about Honda is that, in spite of their staid, dependable image, they occasionally tell their team to just go for it. You get the CBX1000, the CBR250RR, the Rune, the NM4, the GB500TT, all sorts of cult classics.
I'm 49 years old and I've wanted a Rune since the first day they came out! What a machine
A bike fit for santa
Soichiro Honda...laughing in paradise to see his spirit live on...and get ridden..
The Rune inspired me to but my VTX1800N.  The secondary price tag on the Rune is still way too pricey for me.  However,  my VTX was super affordable.
Thanks for the upload,  but I'd never subject a Rune to those weather conditions
Whoa. I've never seen a rune with saddlebags. That's awesome!
I phoned Honda Canada one day to clear up a finance issue that they erred on. While waiting I asked about this bike, the Honda rep said they were never for sale initially but yes you could buy one if you really wanted it. They retailed for 35k (CDN) back then. One dealer had one on the showroom floor for years before selling it although they could return it. It was a bike that said, hey look what we can do! Well just because you can...
Best bike ever.
Forget engineering, you and the team head to Hollywood, great stuff, Merry Christmas!
dam i want one now
225 million dollar gift from Honda
Merry Chrisstmas to everyone in F9!
Amazing
at 6'0 290 lbs, i started on a 2020 honda shadow phantom and absolutely loved it, albeit after a year of riding i started to realize i was a little too big for the big with the wind hitting my chest and now that i was comfortable going 80 mph, the 5 speed didnt have the gearing for my highway commutes cause it just felt like it was screaming trying to push me down the highway and didnt have much left in the powerband, so i decided to upgrade back in june, to a 2022 suzuki m109r, which felt like going from an 80 lb golden retreiver to a 150 lb rottweiler, and i absolutely love it. the size and weight of the bike feels so planted yet the engine sends that thing down the road like its not even there. i would love to see you do a video on the m109r, especially cause suzuki has been making them for so long now!
Reminds me of the one guy who daily drives his Veyron. When asked why, he said it’s his car, why not drive it? Is your dream thing truly worth it if you can’t use it/enjoy it?
"So what good is owning a dream thing if you don't live the dream...Own experiences...Merry Xmas" 🙌🏼🙏🏽
It's unique, it's cool. Financially dangerous to own though 😂
Never heard of this bike till now. Very interesting and entertaining.
is it just me or did that end clip of "rune" have really heavy runescape vibes with the shape of the rocks there
Removing the rear wheel on one of these abominations will definitely RUNE your day.....
I'm surprised  no one has  asked you to direct a full length film.yet , that was great !!! The bike  ain't bad as well  , your channel stands head and shoulders above  all others  CONGRATULATIONS  !!!
"Hey H-D! See! This is how you use the same platform to build different bikes!"  Though I know Honda will probably never build another model like this ever again you have to commend them on having the determination and courage to do it. And actually have it function well while being a ridable concept.
As the gate keeper of a Rune, I have been patiently waiting for this video.  Please consider the Christmas  present delivered!  You sir have nailed it with your unique flair! Happiest of Holidays!
This bike looked like it own by Santa
One of the prettiest bikes ever made. Love them.
As an owner of the Birthmother Valkyrie - I continue to yearn for a Rune to cherish.  But Dang if the Valkyrie isn't just as glorious to ride.
The headlamp makes me yhink of Edvard Munch's painting 'the Scream'
How many puns are in there with Rune/ruin?
👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
Thanks for the video. Honda made this motorcycle because they could and wanted to. And as you discovered, they did it very well indeed, even to the machine shrugging and saying to itself, "If he wants to ride, okay, let's make it happen."
yea! Camera man is back, green screen! But minus 40 C in Edmonton, no can ride winter bikes...I hope this is an IATSE union shoot...
Watching this Chanel is ALWAYS a great movie experience! Congratulations and thank you guys!
I own a first-gen 1500 Valkyrie, and I love it to death.  A decent chunk of what makes the Rune so good translates over to the slightly smaller version as well.  Honestly, apart from being a bit of a handful at lower parking lot speeds, the Valk is about as perfect a bike as you can get.  Which is why it makes me so sad how blisteringly UGLY the Rune is.  A lot of people seem to love it, and aesthetics are a personal preference, so I get it.  But the fact that Honda put so much effort into something that ended up looking like THAT will always boggle my mind.  And I will always be sorry that Honda never put the 1800 flat-six engine into a frame that didn't look like ass.  (Yes, I'm looking at you too, 1800 Valk)  On another note, the little segment at 7:00 about the exhaust note could also be applied to the older Goldwings.  Despite my stock GL1000 having a muffler the size of the moon, and sounding nearly silent at idle, throttle it a little bit and it starts to SCREAM.
Wonder what those Beetle Bags cost him??
Its so beautiful!!!
That Conan reference had me laughing out loud! Great job.
So well made...well done my friend..you are legend..
Merry Christmas Ryan. Another outstanding video.
Well that is one pricey UMF!
Merry Christmas Fortnite. Thank you for making my heart happy with videos about motorcycles. Keep it that way. Cheers
Your very gifted, John Cameron’s son?  Always loved the Rune!  Glad u made a video.
- Look, here’s Judge Dredd!
I like to imagine Ryan always makes sure to include a section like the one at 1:20 in most of his videos just to make sure no one assumes he's american
You really do have to own one to appreciate the craftsmanship of a machine like this. Mine is 2004 with 34K on the clock and no corrosion on the chrome, what so ever. Yes, parts here in the UK are virtually non existent. Mine came with one ignition key and took a year to find keys then had to cut them and programme them myself as honda UK didn't have a clue. Still has a resale value of £22,000
Merry Christmas to me
Great video!  You are living the dream.
On your knees mere mortals, Rune is in the house!
just adding a second like 👍
Still one of the baddest ass looking bike ever built 😊
Europeans celebrate right now. I am sick and alone at Christmas - not too bad for me, but so much better with a Fortnine-Video. Thanks, Ryan.
You weren't quite brave enough to fling the owners' manual into the fire, I noticed 😀
Ryan is a true biker, most of us are dreaming of springtime. Ryan just keeps on going. Great video as per usual.
The Rune is beautiful. It's one of the few cruisers that looks good to my eye. I'd be too afraid to crash it.
Thanks FortNine❤️ To Gifting This Episode To Me🎉..... As A Suscriber I Really Do.This Bike Stays From 2009 on My Facebook As A Dream Bike......And Even Today I was Thinking Of Rune.... It's a Rolls Royce Of Motorcycle....I Have Seen it once In Hyderabad Express way While i was travelling from Mumbai to Hyderabad It's A Masterpiece and still can't believe it was one day design by the Artist..... I'm gonna gift it Soon in 2025 to me ...
I don't care what anyone says.  I have always loved this bike.
Me: nah it’s to cold outside to ride. Ryan F9: nah let’s shoot a video lol
Never heard of it, looks awesome. Hey Honda still makes the Fury.  How about a video on Victory Motorcycles?
Saw one once at a biker bar. Someone sprinkled a few grains of rice under it. The guy never came back.
I don't consider the Rune a mistake.  I consider it an experiment that lost money.  Most awesome production bike ever built, bar none.  And I KNOW you didn't just handle greasy chicken nuggets with your bare hands and then touch that friend's beautiful Rune and get grease all over it, and then casually let that bag lid slam down.  And riding that beauty in the snow and slop is a travesty.
"Own experiences" brilliant as always 👍
Great bike. Touring, cruising, styling all works.
LFA thing... But less wheels
Your video productions are always mind blowing! Learnt a lot about motorcycles, engineering and timbits :)
Haha...always informative and entertaining! Merry Christmas ya'll!
👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾
Honda management: we are short on staff. Use the guy that transferred here from the Manga section and throw money at him. Merry Xmas
Okay! You are the best of all internet sensations! Thank you for making me laugh this morning. Merry Christmas 🤶 🎅! Your touch to all you do with the writers and video guys, priceless.
The Rune and the BMW R18 are literal "lead sleds", weighing 75-100 kilos more than they should. That's what has stopped me from being an owner.
So you daily ride a bike most people just collect dust in their collection with.
Consept maybe, sorry ryan. In my opinion, it's ugly
Merry Christmas Ryan and crew. Thanks for the vid!
Great stuff, as usual
I've held a wee fantasy that one day I would buy a Rune. Upon hearing the price for all of the bits and pieces, I do not think I could comfortably own this masterpiece. But what a grand scoot! Maybe if I win the lottery. Until then, I'll just stick with my Yamaha Roadstar Warrior.
Agreed 👌 use it...   looks best in motion....she's about a Mover  Rune! Yeah buddy that's the way I am. Good vid 👌
I love that motorcycle. I was too young and too poor to get one back when. But I love that bike.
You really ride all winter, what do they do to the roads there, i wouldnt risk riding in winter on a varadero 125 here in Latvia, as the roads are often frozen, often covered in snow and slush. Climate should be comparable.  any video on practical riding in winter with focus on keeping rubber side down, not gear etc.
"The World's Tightest Shortcut" is halfway between my parent's house and my old office (at the bottom of St Davids in North Van).  I use to take it regularly (and illegally) on a WR400 Supermoto.  It's impressive that a Rune can even get through there!
Art once again. Merry Christmas, boys
Its been a while, you did not disappoint.
Love the Conan reference⚔️
Honda is the only manufacturer who constatntly puts out concept bikes just fo rthe hell of saying _"Look what we can do"_
no wonder why the ONLY one I have seen for sale is $25,000....   Now I am not so sure I want one....  Maybe I will just strip down a regular Gold Wing...
And merry Christmas to you sir!
I want a video from you every week ,is it too much to ask ??
Only Ryan F9 rides a Rune on a bike path and calls it a "shortcut" lol
"If you twist its titty..." 😄😄😄
I’ll take the classic style of my 66 Bonneville, over this fugly bike…all day long.
I wonder how much BMW will lose on the R18?  😂
Epic, just epic vid ... ❤️
The Rune is a badass looking bike, reminds me of an old school hotrod.
Hey what color of the motorcycle helmet I should buy while or black thank you what you think
Best FortNine cinematography so far! :) Merry Christmas, guys.
A thing of beauty...
Timbits? Much be some kind of Canadian junk food horror.
Yeh... I can't imagine anyone looking at this and saying... 1000lb cruiser built on a goldwing platform... Yeh, that'll sell.
Merry Christmas Ryan
Makes me think of Judge Dredd's motorcycle, or a concept for a Batcycle
I love me that F9 Christmas Buffet.  Merry Christmas!
if santa had a bike
a work of art and perfection
Just say no to Hawaiian pizza
I always commend manufacturers who invest in showing people what their capable of with zero intention of getting a return from that investment.
Hi Ryan, longtime viewer, first time commenter. Thank you very much for this video! It will go down as one of the greatest Christmas gifts I’ve ever received. I had a 2004 Honda Rune bought new in 2008. It had been boxed in a warehouse until then according to the dealer.  It was my 3rd motorcycle (after a 2004 Honda Shadow 750 and a 2007 Yamaha V-Max). I kept it for 10 years and lived every moment of that dream. It took me across 50,000 miles of North and South Carolina. 9 out of 10 times at every gas station, someone would ask, “what is that?” with that wide-eyed child-like wonder and awe you described. It was a great piece of diplomacy for Honda because, regardless of their brand allegiance, everyone loved it.  It’s been a few years since we parted, but it’s the kind of bike that lives on in your heart.  Thank you for making that feeling fresh for me.
That bike looks SO freaking cool tho
Met a guy on the road a couple months ago on the road. It is one hell of a standout bike. I had never seen in I'm person. It knew it was a rune at a glance way down the road. Stopped and talk to the guy and he had multiples.
Another Honda mess.  I've lost track of how many goofy designs Honda has come up with only to discard after a year or two of dismal sales.  You'd think they would learn from their mistakes.  Those tiller bars are so long, it literally looks like you're sitting on the pillion seat.  I know beauty is in the eye of the beholder, but still...!  If you want outlandish extremes, just buy a Boss Hoss V8 and call it a day.
Thanks for the christmas gift fortnine
Merry Christmas you filthy animals
And at 7:06 mark, God said - let there be light!!
One of the most beautiful bikes ever!❄️😬❄️
Another day another artistic masterpiece video
When I first saw it, I thought it was one ugly ass bike. It's grown on me. Slightly.
I've never understood why anyone buys a limited run...performance oriented vehicle...and do NOTHING but park it... Personally...I'd drive the sh*t out of "whatever" and smile the whole time... Great Upload! 🎄
If I had a Rune it would be a dry weather queen
Would love one of those. but yeah. Thank you F9!
By now it's hard to find worthy compliments for this channel anymore!
Never knew this bike existed and now I want one.
so good.
A 12/24 Fortnine video is an early Christmas present.  Thanks, Ryan!
I've been waiting for this video! I have a '97 Valkyrie that I love.
Merry Christmas FortNine. Merry Christmas FortNine community.
A piece of art can never be a mistake...
No way those hard bags are factory. They almost ruin the styling.
Mmmmm cold pizza again.
Is this another one of the many bikes being produced by certain manufacturers telling us what we will like to ride, again! Or is it me getting old.
Wish I had one "or two" in my garage.
We sold 4-5 of them back in the day and we have 2-3 as regular customer. Man i hate those bike they are a pain to work on..rear tire last like 6-8k km . Everything is ultra expensive and they have fuel injection issue
I think...if one can afford it, one should try to meet( or own, to be honest ) their quirky heroes.  The alternative is to live with what-could-have-been's.  In recent years, I've owned a KTM RC8, followed by a Yamaha MT01, on that premise...and both were soon disappointing. But...hey...here I am, a few years later, with no desire to own either of them again...despite that they did everything they said they would, on the packet.  They just weren't for me.
Merry xmas F9 team
"So what good is owning a dream  thing, If you don't live the dream." . "Own experiences."                                             ~ Ryan F9                                        Christmas 2022
Nothing wrong with the Rune that couldn't be solved with a diet plan and better styling; lots of solid engineering in there, just waiting for better vision to let it out!
Incredible, as always
I wanted one of these when it was released and I still do.  It is excessive like a Boss v8 but with more style.
Merry Christmas Ryan. Can I have that last slice of pizza?
That Honda is wicked!
You gotta hand it to Honda for designing a bike not for money, but as a sort of "thank you for appreciating art for what it is: ART." The design team, the engineers, every single person that had a hand in this knew they were making something so unique and special that those who could find one would always cherish it
well. thsi bike has been on my wish list for a long time. i almost got one for 6k.... oh how i wish i did that
It is impossible to top an F9 video for cinematography, story, and style. It's too high a bar.   Unless you're F9.  Then, you just keep blowing past any previous achievements.  Like they didn't exist.   Wow!
It looks like it could fit in a Final Fantasy game, idk (looking at you, Vultus).
I don't think I have ever watched a fortnine upload and not liked,then jumped straight on eBay 😅
this... this makes me happy.
Merry Christmas mate
Comment for metrics.
Loved the back and forth: Work the bike, realize it is a collector, worry about using a trophy piece, realizing that its beauty and design can only be fully appreciated by using the thing.  Well done my friend…well done.
I don’t even have a motorcycle but I always make time to watch the newest Fortnine video
that thing is beautiful
Vehicles are meant to be operated, no matter the cost. If I had the money, I would buy the rarest machines on the planet and drive them like I stole them, because vehicles are inherently a bad investment...but boy are the fucking fun!
That last shot after the closing card lol what exactly got cut?
Honda has some intense engineering prowess.  They once hauled a malaise era small block Chev overseas into their hands just to show GM that yes, the CVCC system could in fact be implemented effectively on the engine to reduce emissions.  I love 'em for that.
Have to say I think it's ugly 😅
30,000 views per hour!  nice work!
Last time I rode with snow on the ground was june 2011 in Stelvio Pass. Not again even tho I live in Finland...
happy yule heal woden
Own experiences 👍
I have a 2014 Honda Valkyrie Blue (blacked out engine), Love it!   The poor man Rune.   Super cool bike though!
Only Fortnine could make me want a bike I didn't even know existed 11 minutes ago.
I still remember the first time I saw a Rune in person. That is how beautiful and unique it is as a bike. It is a ridable piece of art. I have heard Harley boys call a rune ugly and I immediately stop listening to anything else they say because they are uncultured and unintelligent.
Another Spectacular video from Ryan. Thanks mate.
Next year fat Ryan?
Who do I bribe for a ride on one of these?
So if you bought one to ride it. You'd better buy 2-3 that way you have parts!
Another amusing and informative video, well done guys!  When the new (at the time) 1800 Gold Wing came out, I had high hopes for a 1.8L version of the original Valkyrie (F6C).  Sadly it never came about, and we got the Ruin, er, Rune instead.  ☹
Merry Christmas to Ryan and all the F9 team!
LOL the ending :)
I like the looks, I deeply appreciate the engineering however it is not a bike that "looks so good" that you want to own it.
Very impressive videography. Merry Christmas!
God bless Honda for giving the world this bike. Merry Christmas Ryan!
Could they make one with aircon & call it the Ra/cune? . . . why not? . . Twin headlamps through a black mask; cool : )
I own one, in candy red, and its by far the crown jewel of my motorcycle collection. The design its timeless, just standing there looks like its in motion. Along with the bike, I have also curated a large collection of Rune related memorabilia (original dealership posters and maintenance/parts catalogs, every magazine around the world writing about the Rune...) One thing I would never put on my Rune it's that Corbin seat, saddlebags and passenger seat pegs. This bike was designed and made to be a solo rider. Also, I don't find attractive those aftermarket rearview mirrors. Perfection gets 'runed' with modifications. It took me 15 years to get my hands on one, and I will not ever sell even for a million dollars. Update October 2023: I bought a second Rune, an illusion blue one. Now both Runes will live happily forever with me until the day I die.
Это лучшее, что я видел в этом году! С праздником!
Hmmm?
Saw it in the dealership (wasn't allowed to sit on it), loved it ever since. One sport cruiser concept had the same front end VTX-Techno? maybe?
Honda is frustratingly conservative and then they blow their wad on this overstyled and overengineered monstrosity that appealed to exactly 0.0002% of the post boomer motorcycle buying public.
Not sure what year they were made, but I did see one in the Honda dealership in Kelowna. I recall doing alot of headshaking as I walked around it
Awsome  video
Honestly better then some xmas presents I get
Awesome! I ride my Honda Sandcast as much as I can. Ride 'm don't hide 'm
That wasn't a video, that was a visual experience. Thank you for this outstanding content.
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year to y'all folks
Este tipo se merece todos los premios y reconocimientos del mundo audiovisual..  bueno, él y su equipo, obviamente. De lo mejor que descubrí este año en youtube.
Great video. Very Creative. Love all the camera angles. Great Editing. I appreciate ALL the work you guys put into ALL your videos! Good work and Merry Christmas!
hope they do a super detail cleaning and never do that again.
🕊️ *GRATITUDE* 🕊️  *'Thank you'* ✨☯️✨ *GREAT channel* 🎖️ *EXCELLENT Share!!*      💫❤️💫🧡💫💛💫💚💫💙💫💜💫       *' 🇺🇸🙏🇺🇸*  *GOD BLESS*  *🌎🙏🌎 '*  . . .
Bikes and Beards did a feature on this bike a few years back.  Cool bike.
I wanted one of them bad when they first released them
A Rune in snow, salty snow, dirty water... is the guy still your friend?
Purple one here in town. Owner brings it out now and than.  I absolutely love it. But yea. I’m going to stick with my Arch.
Flawless as always.  I love seeing how many people watch these videos and they’re not even into motorcycles.   Count me as one of ‘em!   Love your work 🙌🏻
6:00 "Only an artist would draw a silencer this chodey" Commentary like this is why I absolutely love this channel, lmao.
4:45....a 1000lb bike on those tight curves?  Nice job....I would have dropped it...and crushed my leg.
Where is that shortcut located? I know in North Van near the refinery but map would help!
Somebody call Spurgeon Dunbar!
Wow.. the cinematography parallels the efforts Honda put into that bike.  Never heard of it until now.. but wow.
How can you ride a Rune in that weather? 😢
good review... how abt a yamaha star venture review
Great Scott's Man it's the Titanic! Get off that thing! We know how that story End's!
They're selling for $20-27k now my lawd
Screw you Ryan @ Fortnine! FIRST you made me want the unthinkable, a Maxi scooter Burgman 650. Then the unkillable but ancient oversized dirtbike, the Klr650. Now you show me the unobtainium made Honda Rune. Will the madness never end? Might as well give me a special on bikes never imported to Canada while you're at it!
Merry christmas fellars! Thank you for the great content
I have one for sale. 2004, mystery blue, 6k miles. I'm asking $225 million....but I'll let it go for $20k.
The last image and snicker are gonna haunt my dreams.
Great video!  I realize looks are in the eye of the beholder, but this thing is as ugly as a mud fence.  Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!
Rune had no wind protection. Fail.
It is a dream bike :-) But it will stay a dream ;-)
I would love to own a Rune. Dream bike indeed.
Fortnine's christmas gift to us.
So the 4cyl 250cc video is a year ago, time really flies by
I always look forward to your videos Merry Christmas and happy New Year
if this was a harley, they would have sold it for 300k lmao  great vid
Nice!
Surprised you guys didn't get harassed for flying drones in around North Van. They get a bit prickly sometimes about that especially around the bridges.  Great video as always though!
These videos are the equivalent to top gear for bikes (when top gear was good)  You need a collaboration with Jeremy Clarkson and Amazon show. Love the quality of your videos.
Possibly BEST production on YouTube ever - how on earth could he better that???
Wonderful video. Merry Christmas!
merry christmas Ryan and F9 team
I actually detailed one of these bikes. They are such an amazing work of engineering and art
Honda really just be making things just because LoL
Genius.....
This is Hondas LFA.
Honestly? I think the Honda is stunning, like something you'd see from Batman: The Animated Series from the 90's (RIP - Kevin Conroy).
I've thought of this before, if you don't use a machine, it never existed.
If this isn't the best channel on YouTube, I don't know what is.
Happy for the new Fortnine vid, sad cause once i watch it there will be no more for a few weeks, amazed at how just two guys can pull off what huge production companies try to do and as always, thanks for making.
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤙👍
still one of the nicest looking bikes ever
Owning experiences is a great advice. Doesn't matter if it's in a big expensive BMW or a tiny Grom.
My favorite Christmas episode was last years 4cyl 250cc baby blade....  I still watch it for fun.. Something about it made me fall in love with motorbikes again...  Thank you Ryan and the FortNine team....  Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year ✌❤🎄🎄
Merry Christmas Ryan and Company. Beautiful bike. Completely unpractical.
Fortnine video’s are the best Christmas traditions of them all
When Valkyrie focus-groups were questioned about this new concept motorcycle by Honda marketing, the customers weren't saying "Rune." They were screaming "ruined!"    ;-)
Love my Valkyrie. I sat on a Rune, but just sitting still it felt real heavy. And that front end, while it might be a nice ride, FUGGLY! That head light? Fugglier. Took all the ugly from an indian, and smashed it into a BMW. It just never was right.
Merry Christmas and happy holidays to Ryan and the fortnine team.
This is a channel that just love how brutally lies to me because this is not a review is a history of motorcycles class and I can't wait for the next one. Team of F9 love your content love you all  and don't even know any of you but every video you put next year I'm gonna watch it at first hour, thank you all. Fairy elf whit a magical wrench on dirt boots... Yes, just yes!
This video is a gateway to do others on the two other Honda ‘concept bike to production models’ the DN-01 and the NM4…..please
Feliz navidad! You make some of the best content of all the internet. Thank for the joy you bring
They were ugly and ridiculous then.... a collector peice now.
Christmas came one day early! thanks Ryan!
The Rune allowed for future projects like the Fury and Stateline. Beautiful bike.
I like the inclusion of the 44t motorized bicycle sprocket , just shows they are only useful as a paper weight or a doorstop
Not many riding through water puddles, that's for sure. lol
Ah Timbits. It's been a long time old friend....
Wow, winter motorcycle ride look fantastic 🔥🤘🏻
Thank you for sharing this beautiful and unique bike with us, I’ve never heard of a rune.
Me first.
The worst thing about most "collectors" is that they are spending money to look cool as owners, instead of users, of dream machines.  This is why Steve McQueen, Jay Leno and Ryan are cool AF.  They actually RIDE, or rode, the cool shit they owned, or borrowed.  Thanks for another cool Canadian winter video!
Hawaiian pizza though..?
I've never seen the bags! And never THOUGHT I'd see somebody rip a Rune through snow and deep puddles!! Long live Ryan F9!!!
Freaking Brilliant!  Merry Christmas.
The Honda Valkyrie Rune is the one to own. Beautiful bikes, lots of power, fun to ride.
It’s horrible to see how many vehicles are just locked away and never move.
You sir are a genius. Thank you so much. Breathtaking video, as always. Merry Christmas to all and to all "Happy riding".
As always another banger video from Fortnine. Merry christmas everyone!
Holy cow homda makes really beautiful motorcycles.
So it’s Lexus LFA of bikes
Best channel on youtube making a video on my all time dream bike Yes please
Merry Christmas fortnine! Another awesome video!  Can't believe your riding in these conditions, your clothes looks minimal, can you make video of your current winter riding gear? Thanks!
When this bike was available, I wasn't a motorcyclist. But I'd sure buy one now.
I don't know much about motorcycles, more of a car guy if anything, but ever since I first saw your video on the Royal Enfield GT650 I've grown a liking towards bikes! I don't know what's considered good or bad in the motorcycling world so your videos help a ton!
I had a '12 VT1300 and was amazed at how much plastic Honda used to make the chrome-like pieces. I suppose that was to pay off the Rune?
The first thing that went through my mind when I saw the Rune, being in this time of the year, is that it looks like santa's sleigh.
great video production
a sort of an ad campaign... like did you know VW had a W12 cylinder all wheels drive, that could do 110mph 24/7 in 120F weather while maintaining a luxurious cabin at 60F, actively smoothing out the road, even speed bumps at 45mph? :)
love those videos, happy holidays everyone !
Another legendary video!  Ya know, people give Honda a hard time for being too conservative and by and large they are but every once in a while they do stuff like this.  I think they made this bike to show off.  The Rune was completely ridiculous and not my sorta thing but if you've ever seen one on the road, they are impressive in the way the BMW R18 is; way too big, way too heavy and for a select few, just right.
And here I thought my 2009 Midnight Cherry Victory Vision was ostentatious... Wow.
Ryan owes me a keyboard for that last shot.  On 2nd thought he owes me nothing. Consider videos like this one payment in advance for many keyboards and many cups of coffee. Merry Christmas, you glorious Canadian bastard!!!
Amen to that brother.  Experience what you can.
Merry Chrysler
Now I want one...lol
own experiences!  best advice for anyone!
Funny coincidence, that engine has the same displacement and almost the same torque and hp curve as the 1.8L Toyota 7A-FE in the 93-97 Corolla. I've seen one Rune in person and wow pictures do not do them justice.
8:40 the front looks like a swiss army knife.
I appreciate the level of production you put into every video. Thanks for an awesome year of content. Wish you the best in the new year, FortNine!
When they came out I went down to Honda to get one the Honda dealer who had known for years looked me right in the eye and says don't even dream about it every part on this thing is going to be impossible to get
Wassup Nigga
One of the coolest motorcycles ever made.
I do not regret becoming a subscriber. Nope, not even a teensy-weensy bit.
Honda used to do this a lot. Overly complicated shit...because they can. (The Rune was actually one of the few 'overly complicated things' that was worth it...if for no one else than collectors.)
It almost feels like we got F9's response to the question on High Side Low Side: Ride, die or save episode. Great video as always. I enjoy Revzilla and F9
All honda Rune owners just nodded in succession as values crept up a few percent.
Agreed, too bad such nice bikes are sitting in garages... I don't like cruisers, don't have a place or money, but I want one :)
Masterpiece video, as always. Cheers!
Amazing cinematography as usual.  Great story on an interesting bike.  Thanks 👍 Merry Christmas!
Ah, Fortnine. Another excellent video. Thank you sir and Merry Christmas!
HAWAIIAN??? unsubbed.      joking of course... maybe.
I had no idea 😳
This thing is a masterpiece. The bike and the video. Great job of making me aware of just how cool this thing is 👍
Thx for that moments man...
I have never heard of "caster displacement". It was always called "trail", the distance between the steering axis intersecting the ground & the center of the tire contact point.  Very easy to change, purposely or not, and huge changes on the handling of cars & bikes!
It really makes me respect manufacturers when they take a concept straight to production. But the low sales also explains why it rarely happens, the Lexus LC500, Plymouth Prowler, and that one Chevy retro-future truck (I don't remember the name) suffered the same fate.
I did not know that Harry Potter sponsored a motorcycle Merry Christmas Ryan thank you
Headlight reflection is a skull, 1:30
It's no mistake, is marketing genius. The collectors seeking these bikes will elevate the class of Honda.  That's worth way more than 225 million. It's like buying into the prestige manufacturing club.
This would fit right in my garage, next to my Holden Efijy and International LoneStar, it looks great and because its a Honda wont ever break :) Thanks for this special Christam video. Every now and then a manufacturer needs a Halo- project that draws in customers even tho it will not make financial sense for that vehicle alone...
I love this video this bike reminds me of the Honda Valkerie in a sense you never see these around I saw one tricked out last summer at a gas station In Georgia in USA
As always great video!
Great video, I don’t like the looks of the bike but I’m somehow interested in it now
Got here at 37 minutes. Patting myself on the back
F9 is the best gift
Happening to be watching this on christmas eve in England. Merry christmas you thanks giving heathens and a tremendous new year to you and your viewers. Forgive the typung im absolutely shitfaced on beer, whisky and herbal cigarettes. Keep it rubber side down folks and remember. Never moon a werewolf.
Man give review on new 2022 ktm rc 390
I saw one in the wild once just months after its debut. Few bikes freezes time and etches an image in my memory.  This one did.
I always eagerly await new Fortnine videos because they're not only a gripping and informative story but they're a cinematic masterpiece, each and ever one of them. Your videos tick every box and scratch every itch. They're perfect.
Those of us that own a 2004 rune know how lucky we are &  choose to enjoy owner ship  for almost 19 years.  Thanks for showing it runs in weather we would never see ourselves.
Never seen one before, so I looked around. There is one for sale up the road from me for £20k and only less than 9k miles on the clock. Goodness knows where you would get insurance for it. I rang all the companies I knew, and none would insure it. I think I will stick with my Harley.
melly chlismels
YUCK
Whatever ryan has to say about this bike, good or bad, i fell in love anyway. What a majestic beauty.
The original generation of the Valkyrie is my “dream bike” but I’ve always wanted to ride a Rune at least once.
Quite possibly, the only motorcycle channel where at least one re watch is de rigeur.   Such is pure gold content.  Merry Christmas.
Hyper-expensive parts are fairly common across all 1832cc powered bikes. The front fender is the best part of a grand, and that *is* plastic.
Merry Christmas 🍻
Another cinematic masterpeace! Made my day. Thank you
Do Canucks know it's Christmas time at all?
Still waiting on that small-displacement in-line four cylinder promised to me last Christmas! Come on, Kawasaki’s… where is my ZX25RR-derived ZX-4R or Zx3R? Heck, I’d take the ZX-25RR as is if you would just sell it here.
I managed to see a Rune in the metal this summer, even got a chance to talk to its owner. And it's somehow even wilder in person than it is in photos. I still can't believe Honda made something that looks so much like a concept into a "regular" production bike
Haven't been this early ever 😂😂😂
I love this guy, his videos are Hollywood standers
Wow!  That was very informative... as usual.  I did not know about the Rune.
If only I could get one I would put it right next to my Tomahawk... that I never got either...
Yo guys merry chistmas :) The biking time will also come soon...
I thought this was the classic let us roast another bike with heartless truth but damn... that is a work of art and engineering made to represent the holy experience of riding a bike with both looks and functionality
That has got to be one of the most ugly bikes I've ever seen
No surprise , another homerun !!!!!!!!Thanks
Merry Christmas everyone. Be safe
Fantastic video as always Ryan.
And how did you end up owning one?
You gotta love Honda for doing stuff like this. That parts price list tho.......sounds nearly as expensive as the plastics on my Africa Twin when I binned it last year lol...
Super cool bike, but my opinion is probably skewed by a great review.
My Caulk is huge
The Rune was actually created for one reason. To dethrone the original Suzuki Katana as the ugliest motorcycle ever built. Did it succeed? That is a matter of opinion.
This is so entertaining... unbelievable directed...this Episode one of the best i ever seen about bikes....👌🏻🏹💯
What's the ignorant people don't understand is that different departments within one company charge each other for parts and labor so in reality they may not have made any money but I doubt they lost 10 cents. I guess you can be special and ugly at the same time.
As a Rune owner...I'm curious as to where the information on the production numbers came from?  I've heard closer to 3k produced.
Thank you for braving the elements to film these fantastic shots at Timmy's.
I kinda liked the Rune since it was introduced, so I built parts of my GL1100 to be a cruiser, like a pre-Rune(r).
So. Well. Done. Merry Christmas.
as a Valkyrie and Goldwing owner, this is the holy grail!  i have only seen one in person, waiting for the Whidbey island ferry of course.  a stunning bike in person that is more "custom" than any turd chopper or bagger.  I'd love one although its a bit much for a daily.  I'll stick with my Valk's F1 sound coming out of the Supertrapps about to hit redline.  Hail to Honda to build such a beauty!  Happy Holidays
Show and tell. 5:32  That pizza cutter tell does not match the show.
The almighty Valkyrie Rune ! Bro I remember wanting this bike so bad as a kid
I thought the same thing as I drove my 1977 pickup to town in a winter storm. I built it to enjoy it and I will fix it again.
30 minute gang over here
When released, the Rune was hard to find. Worse yet, they were very expensive. I chose an St1100, 93 cherry red. It checked all my boxes.
Another puck in the back of the net!
Merry Christmas Ryan and F9 team
Merry Christmas from Brazil... And great video as always...
Perfect  Merry Christmas 🎄 ❤
Amazing
There isn't nearly as much caster as it looks like, draw a line from the steering head on the frame to the front axle and it's pretty much inline.
Thank you :) Merry Xmas!
Great vid !!
Stop adding bikes to my list, dang it!
Outstanding entertainment  Merry Christmas
quality of this video is mind bending.
5:24 also known as rake angle
The FortNine crew always take difficult and irrelevant topics creating these videos that are engaging and completely entertaining to watch.
I can't believe there's already been a year since the CBR250r video. Damn.
Hmmm, feet warmers
Rune-snowplough? Maybe Honda just missed it's purpose?
🙏🏼🙏🏼🎄🎄🎁🎁Merry Christmas FortNine….you deserve an Emmy or the equivalent thereof. The quality of your videos are tops!
An added touch is… it’s ugly enough for 2 bikes (possibly more) merry Christmas Ryan and crew
Cold pizza, and you weren't even drunk...or were you?
Jeez Christmas came early
One of my absolute dream bikes, thanks for doing this video, epic as always
Starts trolling the web for used runes….
A financial mistake? Possibly. Am I glad Honda made it? Abso-f'n-lutely.
What a lump o shit bike.  That will b the day I buy a bike to not ride and enjoy.
That is almost half the weight of a Miata.
530am Christmas morning and Santa F9 has left a present on YouTube.  Seasons greetings all from NZ.
Mein biemer engine 😂
This bike reminds me of the story behind VW building the Phaeton, it was to built to be the greatest luxury car without consideration given to costs or sales figures, every item down to the trunk struts were bespoke and over engineered. In the end a massive loss for the company but a truly incredible and unique product, I had no idea that there was an equivalent in the motorcycle world until now!
I've never seen one in person, what a hell of an investment!
Honda's Forbiden Fruit and its long needed review... I love you, Ryan.
Putting bags on that bike is a big swing and a miss. Ru(i)nes the esthetic 😂
Hell yeah! I was laughing at all the people losing their minds as you rode it through that puddle. I agree that you need to own the memories, and that is a good one to cherish 💕
Such a beautiful video  Only fortnine....
Honda has, at least publicly, crafted more unappreciated-at-the-time (or ever) motorcycles than any other motorcycle manufacturer (to my knowledge).
I've got a 2018 Goldwing. I love the bike. But I might sell my soul to get a Rune. Honda should really look at putting the guts of the Goldwing into a cruiser, the flat 6 is butter smooth and has power to spare. The 7 speed dct is damn near perfect. The suspension makes almost any road a good road. The only thing Honda needs to work on is the seat. Softer padding can't be that difficult to find.
The only sad thing gere ia that Honda does not do these things anymore. The only thing Honda can say now is been there, done that a lot better to all the manufacturers that these days say they are making a V4, or a boxer or any other motorcycle. These days can only say made the most economical engine ever and sold them like hot cakes, the NC... Amazing video as always, Merry Christmas!
😁👍
Bike variety, production quality, and cheekiness are everything that make this channel great. Merry Christmas Fortnine team!
Want to see Pamela Anderson steal a chromed-out Honda Rune from a Russian metal band in terrible CGI? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QjRAlVKV_6Y Merry Christmas. ~RF9
King Jeoffery giving the peasants an early present.
At first glance I thought this was just a Valkyrie which I love but I never realized Honda put so much effort into making a crazy version like this
Never disappoint ☺️
Three or four times a year I see a Rune on the road near my riding area and once, when we stopped at a light together, the rider turned his head to me and gave me a Boba-Fett nod through his shaded helmet shield.  I felt honored.
Never mind your motorcycle physics knowledge. Can we talk about how on point your video editing is? 😁
Video starts Me: That bike is beautiful I want one *googles prices* me: Nevermind
you know its good time when fortnine releases
Christmas came early! It's a motherlovin' FortNine video
What Icon jacket is that?
wait you ride snow without studded tires? bold move cotton.
this is a nice Christmas Gift. thanks Ryan and the F9 crew.
Not a mistake.  I think the Rune is still one of the baddest motorcycles ever built and if I could afford one I would have one!
You love talking about your weiner
I always grab something to eat before I sit down and watch your video as I don't intend to skip any. NOT even the occasional sponsors which I don't mind at all!
For the cruiser bike segment I prefer v twin sound
The old Valkyrie with that carb'd motor, and Cobra 6 into 6 exhaust is still THE most bad ass sounding motorcycle. Ever.
Amazing Video as allways what a creative way of story telling a joy to watch your videos
I love your closing statement!
7:46 Oof!
😊
I bought one in Black 3 years ago.  Bike gets attention everywhere I go.
Can't go wrong with a Conan reference  Especially around Christmas  Who's watching die hard tomorrow?
Americans be like "I would never even dare ride if there's snow out. Way too dangerous. I don't even ride If it rains...just too dangerous"
Yay motorcycle story time
In before a million views.
Merry Christmas Everyone!
FortNine are the only videos I watch at x1 speed
I'll never fault a manufacturer for taking a styling risk. We need more bikes that don't look like everything else.
The Rune is one of the most beautiful motorcycles ever made.  Every now and then, Honda just says (Fuck It), and builds what every they want.
EXCELLENT
Your 650 burgman video made me go and get one 🤣 I can't get enough of it my first 2 wheels and I love it I can't wait to have a motorcycle to Rev engine thou lol
Another hit out of the park.....love all the time you spend on production and editing.  Standing ovation.
Its a Honda so is going to be great, but it looks like something i just left in the Toilet.
Truest words ever spoken.
Ryan has friends in high places, just letting him "ride" that thing for keepsake
Top notch as always!!! "Own experiences". Truer words never spoken.
Wooo!
The final point is one I try to live by. Merry christmas.
Chrismas came early!
Very wise words: OWN EXPERIENCES =)
A FortNine video on Christmas Eve?! 🎄 I must be dreaming. 😊
Hawaiian?  Hawaiian!  HAWAIIAN!?  Eh?
I've regretted that my dealer had a Rune for a while in their Used department and that I didn't check to see how much, that I let it slip through my fingers. Thanks to you, I'm now very okay that I didn't buy this White Elephant. So beautiful!
The fact that 1485 people bought one says a lot - not sure exactly what, but that's what it says....
Their mistake was they didn't continue building them.  A Valkyrie Rune or a Harley Potato Pancake at the same price?
10:54 wtf lmaooo
Merry Christmas Everyone
That old ad lol
No different than the Yamaha Niken
All this work to make a subjectively uglier valkyrie. Honda as a company, and their motorcycle division specifically, has mystified me concerning their choices for years. Just make me a good new vfr please Honda?
santa's bike
Chocolates on a sprocket... 😂
Definitely one of the best looking motorcycles.  Always wanted to ride a Rune.
What a bike. You can tell they spent a ton of money on them. Definitely should enjoy it! Merry Christmas to all
It's like the ford edsel. A great package but boy is it a look only a mother can love.
Brilliant per usual, the telling of a story that I needed to hear but didn’t know it, a transformative experience.  Thanks again Ryan
My tiny little local Honda dealer had one on his sales floor way back in the day. I think it was for sale. I always wanted one.
Fantastic video as always. Thanks for the hard work and dedication from everyone at fortnine. Merry Christmas and happy holidays to you all
Incredible! Would love to rent this for a day and take it through the white mountains in New Hampshire
Once again, Excellent!!!!
Merry Christmas Ryan and the F9 team 🎉
Amazing bike, loved the vid.
My dream motorcycle is a Trike too.
Ho Ho Honda
A Merry Christmas to you all! Les in UK
Best channel on YouTube hands down.
sweet ride!
If Ryan is posting a video it’s definitely going in my favourite
Whew, just got here! Where’s the party?
I made it on time? It’s a Christmas miracle!!
The rune is one of my favorite bikes of all time. It's terrible, but it's phenomenal.
😂
Babe wake up new FortNine video for Christmas
Merry Christmas F9 Team.
best youtuber ever
I cant even dream of getting this rn and in the country i live in its like 10 years of income
I mean, it really did end up looking pretty damn cool.
Honda doesn't make mistakes...
They Runed It
Nah I Pineapple pizza I didn't expect it Ryan
Seeing you put the pizza cutter in your pocket full of sauce made me anxious
Another Incredible VIDEO
I have an 89 gl1500 and boy is it a smooth ride. That flat 6 pulls hard throughout all 5k of the rev range. It's my go to when not on the supermoto lmao
I refuse to believe anything that looks like something Batman would ride could be a mistake
Best motorcycle ever built
It looks like a bike out of the fallout universe.
This bike looks like something Judge Dread would ride
As much as I love the Rune, I'd take CBX for the exhaust note alone.
Merry Christmas and happy holidays everyone
this is the best present, thanks!
I always loved EVERYTHING about the Rune….except the exhaust. You and your team are so creative….love the videos. Merry Christmas.
this shit is very Canadian, my guy
Thank you FortNine for these vids and Merry Christmas to you and your team!
If Ryan is posting a video it’s definitely going in my favourite
Majestic as always
For all its faults, at least the Rune was interesting. Wish Honda would bring more of that energy with its newer bikes. As always, great video and Happy Holidays to the FortNine team.
Quality over Quantity.
I AM ALWAYS SO STOKED TO SEE AN F9 RELEASED VIDEO!
It looked awesome tho. I needed one when I was a kid
Merry Xmas f9
I hate Christmas, but this made my Christmas better. Thanks
13th comment  Wait that's unlucky
Fastest click of my life
Merry Christmas from Bangladesh
It's already super collectable and will appreciate extremely in my opinion
Merry Christmas Everyone
Keep making these 5star videos
Christmas video!!!! Yay🎉
I'm not First because I don't have a H2
YEAAAAH BUDDAY A NEW ONE!
Merry Christmas!
:) seasons greetings
Merry Christmas, Ryan! You are a present that keeps on giving.
I didn't know Honda played RuneScape.
4th one to view the video. Yaay!!
Love you. Merry Christmas.
1st
