to piggyback off of what everyone in the comments is saying, follow me on twitter @Gusbuckets
Time to see how many different outfits they own.
I'm in six grade and that is 100 percent true😂😂
One of the rare videos including all 4 Johnson siblings, though there aren't the parents so this still ranks below videos with 5 Johnsons in them, like Smoke Alarm Sing-Along. I still haven't found a video with all 6.
Me: looks down at phone*  Phone shows Its been 1 minute 15 seconds since the teacher asked a question.   Me: Bangs head on desk*
I think they are stealing from Josh.
the ai generated summary is hilarious
Ai generated video summary : A middle school class discusses their thoughts on stealing. One student, Josh, states that stealing is wrong, and the rest of the class agrees with them. The video captures the students' reactions and opinions on the topic, highlighting the dynamics of a classroom discussion.
@ 2:24 god bless thing a ma jigs
how many students are in that class
Middle school? This is high school too!
I disagree, stealing is bad
What a wonder full waste of my time
this is basically what josh said but stealing is pretty bad
too many cooks
It’s like you don’t realize these things until Gus points them out (i.e. Shotguns in movies, classroom discussions, friends you have growing up, etc.)
It’s sad how accurate this is.
Whoever this josh is he is definetely getting an a for this mindboggling point
Guys I agree with Josh.
as a class discussion I can confirm this is true
Middle school? This was college for me
I will never be able to finish this video
Plot twist: they're all named josh
if your name is josh this is a weapon
Catholic middle school in a nutshell. I think this is an actual conversation we had.
I really liked the part when Josh didn’t like stealing
I was just tricked into watching a 6 1/2 minute video of the same exact joke over and over again.
this must have been the video that took the longest to record for them. they don't seem sweaty enough to have changed shirts at super man speed
I watched this whole video
This Josh guy is pretty smart...
i feel obligated to watch this 6 minute video because this is what I had to go through in middle school for 51 minutes at a time
I watched whole vid and my conclusion is: you know um like I kinda agree with josh stealing is bad
Josh 4 president
this is 10 times funnier in 2x speed
well there 6 mins of my life im not getting back
I'm gonna have to agree with what Josh said for this one.
Why did I watch this entire thing?
Vote for Pedro
Thor is napoleon dynamite
Thor is napoleon dynamite
i have watched longer videos that felt shorter than this
Why did I first really start laughing after 5min
I’ve watched this from start to finish at least 5 times now, and I have to say that I think I also agree with Josh on this. He brought up a really good point when he said that stealing is bad.
And that's on participation being part of your grade
bruh
I think I agree with josh guys.
I forgot who Josh was after a while
Lol nice Napolian Dynamite reference
How is nobody talking about this?? They're copying/stealing Josh's idea about how stealing is bad.
GOLD I TELLS YOU
They are wearing different shirts each shot
In other words, Josh is an absolute genius from the highest tier of humanity and everyone else can only hope to compare
Dude I was digging so hard just to find this video again. I couldn’t remember the name or who made it but I’m so glad I finally found it!
I completely agree that stealing is VERY WRONG and I think shouldn't happen.
I’m in middle school rn and this is kinda true
The blonde guy looks like the guy who played jeffrey dahmer
Let’s just say that vote for Pedro shirt suites him 😂
You know boys… I also agree with josh
really?!?!? none of them said the line: what josh said
josh
yeah ima have to agree with josh here, he really got this question on point.
kinda wished they have changed their voices just a little this could have been on repeat for hours and i wouldn't know the difference lol
i come to this video for validation as someone named josh
3:13
Yep
Stealing is bad
Bro, this is university online with all their "discussion" boards; they just add way more words.
Who is Josh. Someone get this kid a medal 🏅
If you need to watch something that feels like eternity, this is it.
so i gotta say, i agree with josh on that point
I agree with Josh, but I also think he's lying. I think Josh is being the first to say that stealing is wrong so that nobody will suspect that he's the one who has been sneaking into the cafeteria and stealing cheese sandwich crackers, Grandma's cookies, Nutter Butters and Fruitopias.
It's nice to hear that people agree with me, thanks guys.
I’m in middle school now and this is SO true
I like how you drained all of the comedy out of this topic like some kind of comedy vampire. No one could ever do it again
1:32 my man has a vote for pedro shirt on holy shit
So true everyone just says the same thing
Should have had a character where all the different shirts were stacked
You forgot the 8 minutes of silence before the teacher finally makes someone talk
longest 6 minutes of my life
Forgot that kid who says some other kid said it first and agrees with that kid for some reason
Is this the same josh from the youth church group music
You Know, I think Josh has got quite a good point. I'm gonna have to side with him and say stealing is pretty bad.
This vid felt like 30 min
Somehow… mine were slightly less logical
I disagree with Josh, I think that stealing is wrong most of the time but if adobe really thinks I'm gonna pay for their shit they got another thing coming
I watched this as I ate 3 corndogs which I microwaved for exactly 3:43 on medium and came out perfect (for a microwave yk) and This video is Bussin' Bussin' fr tho
A productive and important use of time. STAY ON TASK
How did I watch the whole video 😂😂
3:04 his shirt 😂
I like how unnecessarily long this is Really fits
👍
So true
there are 36 students in this class
THe only thing not relatable is that I do not have 31 kids in my class.
you could put this on loop and not tell the difference
Hold on. Is this the same Josh that you made a video on the roomate cooking video? Ayooo, Josh has backstory now
Raise your hand if you checked the time on the video
All wrong
I just gotta disagree with Josh man. Idk, stealing got me this ps5 bro, so like yeah its definitely good to steal.
The questions where a bit more serious in my class however I have a different teacher now
I had hope that it wouldn’t be I agree with Josh for 6 minutes…But then again this is Gus.
wi is this video 6 minutes long
Whyyyyyy 6 minutes
my name is Josh and I enjoy stealing I just said that to throw everyone off
Props to our teachers for putting up with us
I can’t believe I watched six minutes of this
I think I disagree with Josh
Alternative title: how many different ways can we say stealing is wrong
Pretty accurate
This aged well
Self proclaimed free thinkers when asked about stealing.
I also agree with josh
That’s was funny but it was also the longest  6 1/2 minutes of my life
how did you stretch this out for 6.5 min
Lol how large is this middle school classroom?
I feel like the fact that stealing is bad was not expressed enough in this video, so I would just like to put that out there.
This is incredibly accurate. My English class can attest.
I don't think i agree with Josh.
i kinda like what josh said about stealing being right im there for you josh
This video is actually pretty funny if you skip ten seconds constantly- only stopping to hear them agree with Josh.
This goes on in high school now. The “creative minds” really going to work there.
yup
This helps me fall asleep
Ok the dude with the Blonde hair looks just like Napoleon Dynamite tho XD really sold it with the Vote for Pedro shirt too hahaha
I realized 4 minutes in that they were changing their clothes. also, the discussion format is very much like how it is in middle school.
Who is the Napoleon Dynamite looking guy
There are so many students in 1 class and now 1 kid weird
going off of what Josh said, I believe that certain types of stealing is wrong. stealing through the form of piracy, in my opinion, is okay in most situations, and "stealing" NFTs is absolutely ok and maybe even an obligation
Stealing may be bad I think we need to get the court to decide though
You never feel more powerful than when you say it first and everyone talk about how right you are
Need the hour remix on this
I watched it all the way through lol     I'm a little disappointed there was only one of these: 4:29 tho
Longest 6 minutes of my life
This is how they go
Loved the vote for Pedro shirt.
High school was the same way
I know this has already been said, but I agree with Josh. Stealing is just wrong.
I also agree with josh
Ayyyyy yooo volleyball tshirt
Considering the broad topic of stealing in our society I agree with Josh
Can you change the name to “Matthew” so then people can agree with me
Stealing when you don't actually need what you're stealing is wrong, however there are many people who actually need what they steal (I was at this point once in my life and had to steal food so that I didn't starve), so that's not bad
this was the longest and hardest 6 minutes of my life          Keep up the great work!
This is not a skit on how class discussions went in middle school. This is a documentary on how to reach the minimum word count on your essay
I don't get it. Is this meant as a skit?
My favorite part is when the agreed with Josh.
I was so bored I watched the whole thing
Honestly was just waiting for the "well, to play devil's advocate"
I agree with Josh, stealing is wrong.
Okay, if I'm going to be honest, I really have to agree with what Josh was saying
ECHO!
I agree, stealing is rad
Other celebrities commenting on the Chris Rock/ Will Smith Oscar slap like:
This was the longest 7 minutes of my life
This 6 minute video felt like 6 eons.
god its a whole 6 minutes of this
how many people in this class.
If you didn't watch until the end you will fall up the stairs
This is completely true
my name is actually josh so this feels WAY more personal
I'm glad everyone agrees with me.
Well there goes six and a half minutes of my life I can't get back!
The worst part is that if a kid said stealing is good, the teacher would probably make him feel like an idiot and/or the class would dogpile on him
Me, personally. I honestly think, and this is my honesty honest honest opinion on my honesty and I’m honest about my honesty. I believing stealing, is wrong.
This video is 6 minutes of people agreeing with josh🤣🤣🤣🤣
I want to push back on what Josh said. If people didn’t want their stuff stolen they shouldn’t of let someone else take it. Duh.
I really liked the part where they all said, “Yeah I agree with Josh.”
this is an infinite loop hole
Btw I saw the end coming
Stealing is bad for 6 minutes and 38 seconds...
Came back to this video because I'm sitting in College World Lit and it feels exactly like this
I agree with josh
holy shit the vote for pedro shirt
I have college humanities class like this
why did i watch 4 munites of this expecting anything to change
Conform.
Watching this high makes this feel like a life time
Josh has a good point
This videos 6 mins long but it feels like an hour
i cant believe this went on for 6 minutes (˘･_･˘)
The blonde guy has a neck bigger than his head.
I just wanna say, that i agree with Josh.
stealing is bad
I just want to like... take a moment to thank Josh. Stealing is like... a reAlly controversial topic, and there are just SO many different arguments and viewpoints that's it's like... hard to decide what to believe yourself... I'm sorry, it just like, makes me SO emotional. But Josh did like an amAzing thing today, and he really stood up for his beliefs which is something that not everyone has the courage to do, and like, I know that the rest of the class agrees with me that he reAlly gave us the strength to stand up and voice our own opinions... and like, I know I speak for everyone when I say this:  I kinda just agree with Josh, stealing is just like, pretty bad. Don't do it. And stay in school, kids. Drink plenty of water.
I'm having trouble figuring out who all the characters are.
No idea if my comment got deleted by Gus or by YouTube but either way ok then
I honestly agree with what Gus said. This is annoying.
He has a point. Im with josh on this one
Why did I sit hear and listen to this video for the full 6:38?!?
Im frankly gonna bounce off, honestly what josh said. Peeling is sad.
this video is waaaaaaaaay too long   and that makes it so much better
This was the stupidest sketch ever. I love it
There are 36 students in this class
This shit still happens in my highschool classes
the best part of this video is the teacher pointing at people it's so accurate
This is painfully accurate.  Also: as a teacher you could probably be stoned all the time.
This is too accurate.
I always challenge anything so people see both sides
Josh maid a chain reaction
I feel like the fact that this was 6 and a half minutes long is such a big part of the joke. These discussions really do drone on like this
Dear God it's a stupid age. They are terrified to say anything original
And then I got to highschool and my English teacher decided to hold a debate on whether black lives matter. Real cool stuff.
*josh liked that*
you forgot that nobody raises their hand for the first minute and then the teacher calls on someone in the back who isn’t paying any attention at all
You know he made this because someone stole from him
This hurt to watch just because I remember it do vividly
Took me 4 commercials fo finish this and I regret nothing
God save the teacher with 35 middle schoolers in their class
Taken out of context this is a pretty stupid and dumb joke. But when it's this stretched out it becomes so funny for some reason. Comedic genius.
This is genius.
Why did I watch all of this
This was six and a half minutes  🦨
I agree with josh stealing is bad
i was josh
Kinda cringe not gonna lie.
Plot twist: this was all one take
I like how it goes on for 6 and a half minutes
Josh must be really cool if theres like 15 other people that look like him
I disagree.
HA, I come from the future to tell you that stealing is pretty awesome!!! >=P     Actually, I kinda agree with Josh.
This is strangely wholesome
I think it's a bit of an unpopular opinion but I actually agree with Josh on that
Last dude almost "disappeared"
There are like 60 kids in this class.
all the johnson siblings!!!! yeah!!!!
this is very true expect my class in middle school wouldve said stealing is great
Josh is a poet
I think I agree with Josh.
How many kids are in this class?
I had youtube on in the background while doing some thieves guild missions in Skyrim. I'm here just clearing out everyone's inventory in Haelga's Bunkhouse, and suddenly my ears are absolutely bombarded with "Yeah stealing is bad" and I really didn't appreciate it.
This aged poorly
Now, hear me out on this. It’s probably gonna sound controversial, but i think Josh has a point.
You forgot the kid who's just raising his hand to go to the bathroom and the kid who's only stretching
Napoleon Dynamite really hit the Nail there
This is exactly what my post and comments were like in my college classes when we were forced to have online "discussions"
Gotta be honest, I'm with Josh on this one.
Forgot the kid that would always say “I just want to play devil’s advocate and bring up…”
lol six minutes of "I agree with Josh"
Alternate title, Gus and friends exercise their entire vocabulary
Gotta love josh.
Josh is a bonehead. Nothing wrong with stealing if you don't get caught.
the vote for pedro shirt.....
Too long man
i agree with josh stealing is bad
You should show this to person who stole from your car he will know he dun goofed
they finished one wardrobe of clothes
i agree with joshes opinion on steeling is bad
longest 6 minutes ever
This is exactly why I usually only watch the shorter videos on this channel
I agree with Josh
Favorite outfit at 4:02
So true
Is "Gus"...  Short for... "Gusthopher.?"..
university tutorials are just this but with bigger words (maybe)
I liked the part where that one student agreed with josh
Gus agreeing Also Gus who stole sven’s pb&j’s
At school, I was Josh!
Like I actually have to like agree with josh cus like I don’t like like when my brother like takes my like food and like games and stuff like that
how big is this classroom
yeah i agree with josh
6 mins of this sh*t
i cant believe i watched 7 minutes of this
MIDDLE School - Uni discussion 0.1 of a difference being more pretentious dick weasel's n larger words
“Adding on to Josh…”
This is more like 5th and 6th grade
1 year later and josh still do be spittin facts
was waiting for the one kid who just wants to disagree and takes the stealing is good stance.
I get it, how "CLASS" discussions go. CLASS, guys. Like WORKING class. It's about how our education system fails to convey nuance in topics to kids from an early enough age so when they become adults they can only see things in absolutes.  Which is just to say that I agree with Josh.
i agree with josh personally
3:13 Gus mumbles: “I- I don’t like you”
I think I’m gonna agree with what Gus says about following his Twitter. I think that Gus said it the best so I think I agree with him.
THAT one kid who says i need to go toilet and ends the conversation
No one said "just stretching" when called on, though. But, yeah, what Josh said. Stealing is bad, and I know that's a controversial statement, but, yeah, I mean, Josh pretty much said what I was gonna.
6 minutes of people agreeing with josh. Why did I keep watching?
thanks guys
1000% accurate to school
This is such a boring video LOL Ha ha
This is The most fucking stupid video Ive ever seen. Love u Gus
By the end I forgot who Josh was
Joe Biden in his next speech "We, as a nation, believe in Josh. I too believe Stealing is BAD"
why is this video 6 minutes long?
Halfway through I realized they were stealing from each other
Meanwhile, the teacher is slowly dying inside.
Why is there not a 10 hour cut of this?
What's everyone's thoughts about stealing?
2:54 is that Napoleon Dynamite?
josh
There were 12 kids sitting directly in front of doors meaning two things 1. This room has at least 12 doors 2. This room is a huge fire code violation
back in my early school day I would have said stealing is ok and because I was always a pretty convincing person I always got a few people at least to get behind what I said
You know I learned something today       That stealing is rad erm bad
Tag yourself, I'm 2:15
Did I really just watch 6 whole minutes of people saying that Josh is right?
They *Stole* Josh's frickin' answer
i thoght the joke would atleadt change a bit wth
how many kids are in this classroom
5 entire minutes of this.  The greatest thing ever.
3:07 I really agree with what she said here
I can confirm that this is accurate.
Six and a half minutes well spent
stealing is only okay if you pay for it :)
I fall asleep to this video most nights...
You forgot about someone raising their hand only to say they were just stretching
Way to go Josh
I'm sick of Josh😭
So the ceiling is bad
HAHA
Not in my school , our main teacher was a very smart literature teacher so our discussions could’ve lasted half the period and in high school it was even longer. We talked abt politics , and when I say politics I mean every point , we talked abt sports and what was going on , we talked abt things that were in going on in the world , US politics , the point is it wasn’t like this.
The best part of this video is the teacher calling on them 100%
I used to put my hand up so it looked like I was part of the conversation but would agree with the last opinion
i agree with josh
my teacher made us watch this in class :/
Kinda like what josh said stealing is bad, but to add MY take on it I believe that in some situations stealing can be good
This is exactly how class discussions go online
teacher calls on class clown: what do you think about stealling? class clown: i think... STEALING IS GRATE YEA WOO HOO BABY!
Strange reaction to the class reading Robin Hood
So it worked the same way as politics
Life sucks when your the only one who has a intelligent answer
Me the Smart A** of the class: Depends on the circumstances.
In my experience with class discussions, the video would be over after 4 people and in between there are huge silence gaps.
Josh is a fucking prophet and these kids know
i forgot what josh said
I love the vote for Pedro shirt
i watched six minutes of this
I Believe Josh is right
Six. Minutes.
It's so weird hearing my name so many times
I just watched a 6 minuets video on how stealing is bad. I was waiting for a plot twist the whole tome
THING A MAJIGS!
I think stealing is bad kinda like what Josh said.
I really just watched 6+ minutes of this huh...
1:28 yo the vote for Pedro shirt!!!
love the "vote for Pedro" T-shirt!
.
“Hey guys -josh” made this sound like an intervention or AA meeting lmao
#godsworkourhands
Why long so much grammar good no.
Im going to have to agree with josh on that one
Why the f**k did I watch the entire video??
30 seconds in. This video sucks. Just a repetitive video. Skipped to the end and no pay off.
The kid that agreed with Josh has the same shirt as the teacher
why did i watch this for 6 mins
This is exactly what it's like
Josh is right
Why do the middle-schoolers talk like they’re in a corporate board meeting, and why is this 6 minutes long?
There were class discussions in middle school??
wtf this is 6 minutes of the truth
That was the longest 6 minutes of my life
Moral of this video Stealing is bad       And agree with josh
Plot Twist: They all stole Josh’s Answer
6 min of suport for josh
why is this so long? I'm going insane
2:58 Thor's shirt.
The Vote for Pedro shirt killed me 😂
i feel bad for the teacher lol
uhuh ... like Josh said stealing is very wrong....like when i think of it , it does make much sens.
and then they ask you why do you sleep in class...;-;
i think the main joke here is that everybody stole what josh said
How to brainwash people into giving up stealing coz "stealing is bad" that's what Gus said, I have to agree with him, ahh... Yeah that's it I guess
My class teacher looks exactly like this :O
I don’t want to be controversial here, but I agree with Josh on this one. Stealing is bad.
I decided to watch this right before going to work instead of doing my chores. Time well spent
This goes on for six minutes
It's amazing that he has so many people for this video
“This is kinda like what josh said but-“ That is so accurate
That is littrally my class. It goes like that ore only like 3 people will talk
I think Josh was about right on this one.
holy shit this is so long
Josh................THE LEGEND!!
Idk man, whenever we had a discussion it always got controversial, it was like the whole class was in a debate with each other
Yeah I’m with Josh, stealing is no bueno
This discussion happened in the Pixar studios when they made Ratatouille
I would have to agree with Josh on this one
I just wanted to take a moment to let all the readers here know that I agree with Josh. Thanks!
I also agree with Josh.
stealing is pretty cool lmao
Josh really opened my eyes, i see the truth now. Yeah, stealing is bad.
vote for Pedro 1:26     Napoleon dynamite look it up
Confirmed
God damn how many people you've gotten in that classroom
for how much longer is it gonna last.
My name is Josh. I've always felt like my name sounds awkward & childish when spoken aloud.   This video has totally numbed me to that now. Thanks, Papa Gus & Co.
That's exactly what discussions are going like
Can't believe I watched the same 30 second clip for 6 minutes
If I was in that class I'd be saying yes stealing is bad when the rich do it. But im all for stealing from those thieving rich and giving it back to the people. Also I don't believe it teachers having the kind of authority you do. Bite me bootlickers
You should've added that one kid who got called on but was just stretching.
How big is this middle school class?
Didn’t expect Gus’s sister Hermione to be in this one
guys I think stealing is bad
I agree deeply with josh that stealing is bad
In other words 6 minutes of people agreeing with each other (Twitter Take Notes*)
Most of my class just say the exact same thing but with different ways
This is just every class discussion not just middle school haha
GUS AT 4:00 XD
Damn, office shirts, flannels and Twins jackets. That was totally me in middle school
did i just watch this the whole way through.... wtf
I also think that stealing is bad.
How big is this class?
I had a lot of those t-shirts they were wearing.... Did they steal them? But yes, I would have to agree with Josh
I was waiting for the teacher to shame all the children by saying they should steal and that they’re all morally wrong.
Holy hell how big is this classroom?
They all stole Josh's point.
I would have liked this video more if there was more of Josh on it.
I think we just gotta look at it on a case by case basis. Stealing percentage of wage is wrong but its legal because the government does it all the time. Stealing in the case of piracy in a reletive ethical and legal sense is also wrong, but you could end up breaking laws relating to it without even knowing or any calculated malice being intended since watching that one donated movie on highschool projector still counts as such on a technical level but just isnt enforced. Going further into piracy, you can do it while being ethically in the right for making efforts to preserve media for future generations and study, but only legally in the wrong; see examples of archiving old minecraft versions running through 3rd party launchers, and Library free & donated movie checkout. It would also be hard to make the argument of theft if a media is obtained through digital means since the inherent property of digital media is that its always going to be in a state of infinite replicability. Any tine something is uploaded or downloaded it is cloned 1:1. So how many sales are you actually stealing if you purchase 1 game key, and install it on multiple systems for a LAN party? Or buy 1 key multiple times and then get a DRMless crack of it later to play solely offline during roadtrips?  And in response to something Geneva suggested, is stealing really that wrong if its a dead enemy's gear? They are dead. Im not sure they would get much use out of it or even miss it for that matter.
Alternate title: Gus and friends show off their full wardrobes
What about the kid who was "just stretching"?
but what if now hear me out...what if you needed to steal for a reason
there is 6 minutes of this god forsaken video
This is so, so, so accurate. I am always the first person to say anything, because boring students, and then we spend thirty frickin minutes talking about how right my opinion was.
Got 2.4 million views for just saying I agree with josh for 6 minutes
Got 2.4 million views for just saying I agree with josh for 6 minutes
2:54 That t-shirt made me chuckle
Yeah I think I have to agree with josh on the one
i wonder how low his average view duration is
The longest and most accurate six minutes of my life. Funniest man alive
I would like to agree with josh
You forgot that one kid who would argue just for the sake of arguing
This one is great.  And I also would like to say to Josh is right and I agree with him that steeling is not something that one should condone
Basically the only skit I don't like
Some people need to steal to survive
What happens on the days Josh is absent?
How did u milk this to 6 minutes, LMAOOOOOOO.
Let's take a moment of peace for everyone who watched til the end... Okay moment over. ÆÆÆÆÆÆÆ ÆÆÆÆÆÆÆ ÆÆÆÆÆÆÆ ÆÆÆÆÆÆÆ
Josh counter: 42
well ive been inside this hell for a thousand years so im down with just everyone dying
I love the vote for Pedro shirt
16 years olds: 'The think tank of humanity'
When this is what the discussion in class was the other day word for word
did everyone saw that at every time we changed persons they changed clothe
Just Awesomeness....
This was the longest 6 minutes of my life. Stealing is awesome btw.
School is so poor they couldn't afford separate classrooms.
josh knows the answers to life
If u talk first your the spotlight for 45 minutes
Put it on 2x speed
I need that shirt 2:54
Stop flexing how many more friends you have then me. :(
But what about stealing something from someone who stole from another person to give it back to its rightful owner?
Why did I watch this whole thing
Government in the corner sweating bullets with everybody agreeing with Josh.
Gus's t-shirt is backwards at 5.30. I know it won't change your life to know this. Just an observation.
Screw middle school, class discussions in high school and college went like this too.
I didn't understand the question. Can you repeat ?
Lol the napoleon dynamite refrence vote for pedro
One of the most fondest memories I had in middle school was the time our principle was our substitute for math, all we talked about was how to murder and bury dead bodies. A couple months later I ask our principle to sign my yearbook( my last year in middle school) when he was done signing it, I checked what he wrought and all he said was "don't murder anyone nor bury dead body in high school". I'm pretty sure he won't forget me nor my class.  lol
This is what you get when the teacher says its participation grade
We got 4.2k STEALERS disliking this video
this is exactly right lmfao
Josh stole that opinion.
Gus is joshin me rn 🙄🙄
Why did this go on for so long...
I agree
The only reason I sat through this entire video is because my name is Josh and it felt good that people agreed with me for once.
Adults: didn’t you learn anything in school  The school:
This should be a Masterclass! 🤣 "Gus Johnson Teaches YOU How to Use Two Lines For a Video"
I'm gunna have to agree with Josh on this.
I would like to agree with Gus, that this is how middle school discussions went.
Josh is a loser
this 6 minute video felt like 6 hours, but frankly josh does have a point
Stealing is cringe
My name is Josh and this is the greatest amount of positive support I’ve ever received in my life.
4:53, The office reference?
This is like my highschool
OMG Guys I just CRACKED UP when that one person said that stealing is BAD! XD
Thor is like if sven was a model
The 4th Johnson!:o
Fuck Josh I've been to the point of starvation and stole to fill my belly.
I watched the entire fucking video and after watching, I'd like to also agree with Josh. He made a very good point about stealing being bad
Stealing is bad
❤josh
Faxxxxx
Love the Thing a Majigs t-shirt
1:29
Uh yeah I just wanted to say I agree with josh
I was in a class debate once wherein my entire half of the debate misheard our standpoint, then had to BS our actual arguments, then reached an agreement with the other side. The teacher declared "that's not how debates work," and we then proceeded to debate the purpose and nature or debate against her. It was way better than what she had planned!
yeah i agree with josh
I gotta agree with josh on this
Vote for Pedro
Aww Thanks Guys!
Oh my God that's sooo accurate 🤣
Josh sucks
Bro how many people were in your middle school? This is an entire school participation thing
They should repair this ceiling if it's in such a poor state.
I’ve been “Josh” many times
The one part he got wrong is that in middle school everyone is too socially awkward/anxious to raise their hand in any situation.
I’m currently at 3:43. Is the whole video like this, or did it just get bad?
As a fellow Josh. I agree with him.
I was expecting Josh to steal at the end
I disagree with josh I think stealing in pretty good (this is a joke maybe)
I am in middle school right now and can verify that 90% of the class is that
the fact that this goes on for 6 minutes is insane
I like that they ran out of shirts and just started reusing the same shirts
I have to agree with Josh on this one
Thanks guys
Gus and Sven, The MSU shirt that Thor wears at one point looks an awful lot like some of the shirts from the main college in the city I live in. The mascot symbol is the same even
how did i watch 6:38 of pure garbage uh also i agree with josh
True
Gus, Sven, Thor and Hanne Johnson
Teacher: Anyone like to share? No hands  Teacher: Anyone? Still no hands Teacher: ...participation poi- Everyone’s hands shoot straight up
Why the fuck did I watch this?
This is literally like watching paint dry
That went on forever
I LOVE the “vote for Pedro” shirt OMG
Good job Josh
In my school we would fight over everything. Literally any topic would present a lot of controversy and we didn't get too much along. Not lying
At 5 minutes in I realised they were all stealing from Josh
My school be like:........ Teacher:..........
Imagine thinking of like 50 different ways to say "I agree with Josh"
Yeah I would like add in a contribution as a participate in this class discussion, as many people might have said their opinions before me about the subject of "stealing," I myself can wholeheartedly take agreement with the boy who calls themselves Josh.
Yeah in my experience there was always one or two people, usually girls, who would say “ It’s not your right to tell anybody that they shouldn’t steal “ or “ I just think it comes down to preference “
heh                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                heh
Six and a half minutes of this
Jus Gohn Son 🤪
I definitely agree with josh.
Me (josh) stealing is bad The rest of the class
Why r these my high school discussions.
i liked the part when they agreed with josh
If middle school me was in this class I wouldve cursed everyone out
Phuck this is accurate!
They are trying to hypnotise us so we will not be stealing
I am surprised the no one got called out for a statemant by the teacher that did not want to say anything. That happens by mistake every day...
I may just choose to agree with Josh.
We just not gonna talk about that one guy having his chest hair exposed in school?
As a Josh I feel really validated
I think I’m gonna have to agree with josh here. Stealing is pretty bad
Fun fact, these people continue to act like that in high school and university. There are always people like that
My favorite part was when stealing was wrong
Stealing is bad
I really liked the part when Josh said "stealing is wrong" I fully agree with it.
I also have to agree with hush here soo yeah
The stuttering blonde English teacher with glasses, usually from Canada.
Josh got it right there, I agree with josh
Someone make a video of this but goes for a hour
I also agree with Josh that stealing is bad.
Why did I just watch 6 minutes of people agreeing with josh
You can easily tell theses people are siblings
i just watched 6:30 minutes of gus sven his sister and his other friend (idk the name sry) say i agree with josh
Yeah I agree with Josh, he stole my words about stealing is bad
This happened in High School.
At least you didn’t have to take a test
This is as good as guided meditation. Breathe in, I agree with josh. Breathe out, stealing is wrong
What about that one kid who says that stealing is good just to be a contrarian?
I watched it all. Why? I don’t know.
I agree with Josh.
Suicide : take a shot every time they say josh
I think josh is right
“Josh has been on a real hot streak lately” 💀💀💀
I’m so glad everyone agrees with my opinion on stealing for I am Josh and I think stealing is wrong
Plot twist: josh is a stealer
Not only in middle school but also in Universities
*all these kids grew up to be theives*
The last kid: uhh uhhh uhh what should I say umm oh no he said that so uhh uhh uhhhhhhh
Me suffering after they repeat it 50 times Me when I realize I’m not even a quarter through the video
Been to 300 level level discussion courses that sound like this
Josh gets head
All the buff guys in the video look like they have detachable actionfigure arms lol
I agree with Josh. "Stealing is bad"
I sware they're all siblings  are they bc i have no idea
Yeah, I have to agree with Josh. Stealing is... Not okay.. it's bad.
Josh totally steals.
Me: hey that blonde dude kinda looks like Napoleon Dynamite  Napoleon Dynamite looking dude: *wears vote for Pedro shirt*
I just watched some random people agree with josh for 6 minutes. Wow.
Everyone when the instructor requires replies to discussion posts
and we have schools because?
I feel like I kind of have to agree with Josh on this one. Stealing is bad
Stealing is only bad when people steal from the central banks or government not the other way around! Therefore I agree with Josh!
We just watched the same answer being said for 5 minutes
Bruh when the dude with blonde hair is shown wearing the "VOTE FOR PEDRO" shirt I died of laughter
This felt way longer than 6 minutes
I just realized that they all stole Josh’s answer
I like all the merch shirts Thor wears
That one Reddit kid who’s like “Stealing isn’t that bad, I do it all the time”
1:27 Ooh the bite for Pedro shirt If you know what that’s from I applaud you
I kinda agree with Josh. I think he hit it out of the park when he said stealing was bad
class sizes really have gotten ridiculous
uhm so i, uh i would say that, umm i agree with Josh
'drink apple juice coz oj will kill you'
I just want to write a public comment bouncing off of what Josh said when he said stealing was wrong, because it really is
I agree with what everyone says down in the comments follow @Gusbuckets on Twitter
It's over josh has the high ground
I have so much respect for the dude with the Napoleon Dynamite shirt
I frankly agree with the statement and the approach is heartfelt, stealing is indeed bad. Josh has my support in this.
How many shirts did everyone use? Like I just watched 4 people agree with "Josh" in different clothes
is the loop setting on
Hot take, stealing is bad
I agree with Josh, when he said stealing is bad I agreed with him.
They stole joshes line
Lots of twins in class today
Josh is right man stealing is bad
Lol super funny but the video was way to long. At the same time maybe he was going for realism lol nice job
and then theres the kid like "i dont know!! what did josh say? hes probavly right."
I also want a 10 hour loop of this
plot twist: they all have dimentia and can only remember what the first guy said and were able to guess his name once and never forgot it so they just said they agreed with it or answered the question because they either just read it or did not understand the question
I edited this comment so no one will know why it got so little likes
I didn't think they were gonna continue this for 6 minutes...
Sorry, what was josh opinion again?
I am a thief and I don't agree with Josh.
How many people are in this class? 100?
how many goddamn students does this class have
1:34 if josh thinks stealing is “so wrong” why did he steal svens answer?
HIW IS THIS SO CORRECT
We actually did get this question back i n middle school. Although not everyone answered and there was definitely more thought put into it like everyone agreed it wasn’t great but that it wasn’t objectively unreasonable.
...u missed the opportunity to have an aboriginal person, in full native gettup, completely disagreeing with josh. ...wait... am i a bad person? Lol
Really nailed the bullseye on that one Josh, good job
playing this on x2 to see if anyone disagrees with Josh
This is 6 and a half minutes of people agreeing to josh
Was expecting a your mom! At some point in the video
I love how they still manage to show all the student stereotypes and keep the joke standing.
Where that one kid was that goes against everyone
my middle school history teacher realised this happened constantly so she would split the room in half and MAKE half of us argue in favour of something we did not agree with. for example i was forced to make an impassioned argument in favour of deforestation just so everyone wouldnt be agreeing
Stealing can be good
Just to say that I personally agree with Josh
y'all are really going to address the content of the video instead of pointing out how sven looks good asf in this? okay cool
This video felt so much longer than 6 minutes
stealing is bad i agree with josh  for 6 mins
I literally just had realized that this goes on for 6 min
Yeah but i mean Josh was basically right, he said stealing is bad and i agree
If you ask me, I completely agree with what Josh has to say.
3:12 I don’t like you, you?
Is this middle school, or a white collar conference call?
just realized that each of them "steals" Josh's idea...
They stole their opinion from Josh
The irony is everyone stole Josh’s opinion.
"Raises hand" Stealing isnt wrong. It teaches us how to survive. I think stealing also lets us cheat better in life. In school thats considered bad but in real life a good thief/cheater wiuld be way more successfull especially as a sales person or aby businessman or recruiter. And if youre a bum you gota steal from trash cans to survive right? And what if you need to sneak around and steal a gun to shoot a bad guy? Or if you need to steal a serial killer's knife?  So NO JOSH! BAD! YOURE WRONG! YOUR OPINION IS STUPID JOSH!
I wonder if Josh likes that “Drink Apple Juice” shirt as much as I do...
Wait is there like 5000 kids in this room
He forgot the one person who was all for the idea of stealing or whatever the unpopular opinion is
this happens every time i answered the correct answer
I would like to add that I agree with josh
Помоему это было длинее чем сцена в Гриффинах, с коленом. 😀
Every sentence includes the word josh
One time when I was in primary school I read a story in kindergarden and all the children answer like that and the teacher then said  Do you have AN OTHER OPINION  Lets say OTHER OPINIONS  And all the children continued talking about the same thing as before xD
After this Josh became Chad in his class!!
ah yes 6 whole min of people agreeing with Josh
This felt a lot loooooonger than 6 minutes and 30 seconds
I can’t believe josh would ever devolve into such a terrible roomate
how many shirts must agree with josh
Libertarian: I agree with Josh when he said I shouldn't pay taxes.
Stealing rockz... Example: We are all waves n clouds from a physics perspective n when we move we essentially steal energy/substance/beingness from one discrete pocket of space n put it into another so... without stealing on that level the universe n its expansion wouldnt work... there are other epic usecases of stealing but I agree with Josh that stealing for noobs that can't handle it its bad n shouldnt be allowed... so kinda what Josh said.
I agree with josh I agree with josh I agree with josh I agree with josh I agree with josh I agree with josh I agree with josh
I agree with Josh: Stealing bad
That felt like the longest 6 minutes of my life ever
This is my second favorite ASMR channel.
I agree with josh, except when you have to steal to stay alive, go ahead and take my.... my... take my hart
White shirt josh said stealing is bad and then white and blue shirt josh agreed with josh then white and red shirt josh agreed with josh AND THEN black shirt josh agreed with josh then yellow shirt josh agreed with josh then blue shirt josh agreed with josh then blue button up shirt josh agreed with josh then red shirt josh agreed with josh then josh blue shirt josh agreed with josh
Stealing is bad
Ima have to agree woth Josh, stealing is wrong but you know that's my point of view
Vote for Pedro and he looks Napoleon Dynamite 😂😂😂😂
I wish I was josh
One time a guy took my money So like josh said...  stealing is bad.       So i took their lives
I think Josh has a great point that stealing is bad XD 👌
What about stealing hearts (not literally).
Who stole what from you!?
HOW BIG IS THIS CLASS
Josh is that one kid in class that brings McDonald's for lunch
I agree with Josh
How many people are in this classroom?
As a middle school student, this is kinda true. But not anymore as I'm literally staying at home all the time...not fun
I also agree with Josh, he hit the nail on the head with his first assessment
Middle school? Bish this is my highschool junior class
*I agree with josh.*
And then you have the one kid who would just go on a tangent about the reason that it's not always bad
Tbh kinda reminds me of my employer whenever they try to have discussions
I just noticed the same josh in 2 different takes had a different shirt on and i know different shirts meant different people but josh is in different clothes at 0:12 than when his friend says he agrees with josh and looks at josh who is in different clothes (at 2:00) so im starting to think this may not be real...
Josh is the popular kid
There's always that one kid that uses his hand while speaking
I got 29 students. Anyone else?
And everyone who had a different opinion, got bullied!
Me: stealing bad Skyrim me: has picked hundreds of pockets, locks, and murders despite just starting the save
Did I just watch people agree with Josh for six minutes- 🤣🤣
He got the weird serious atmosphere in discussions perfect. It's like everyone genuinely agrees w Josh but you know they dont
I would actually be the one to play devil's advocate. I would propose a situation where stealing is acceptable and have an actual debate. I kind of enjoy discussing and debating against people who don't just yell to win an arguement. Anyway here is a scenario where i think stealing is justified: if you have a desease , that is treatable , but you need a lot of money , to save your life i think it is justifiable to steal. Also for the sake of this arguement pretend credit doesn't exist
So actually my mom is a Sunday school pastor 😂
Whyiswaterwet.?!?
Literally just an echo chamber
2 minutes in, really liking the developing story in this video. gonna watch the other 4 minutes and report back to you guys
This is my fourth session and I think I’m finally gona finish the video
No joke watching this stuff drunk and I'm mad tripping
josh is so cool, i bet he went to the josh fight
6:04 Can't believe I watched all of that. Why would you do this?
While stealing is cool, sometimes it's also bad... sometimes. So I agree with Josh. Thanks Josh.
I agree with Josh
Me: stealing is based lmao
I agree with Josh
I can't believe I just watched 6 mins of Josh being right
Longest 6 minutes and 38 seconds I’ve ever experienced
I’d like to join ranks on that one.  That line is perfect.
ℝ𝕖𝕒𝕝𝕝𝕪 𝕘𝕠𝕥𝕥𝕒 𝕒𝕘𝕣𝕖𝕖 𝕨𝕚𝕥𝕙 𝕛𝕠𝕤𝕙𝕖 𝕞𝕒𝕟
I watched the whole thing expecting a twist but I honestly think I have to agree with Josh on this one
i disagree with josh. discuss.
When your college syllabus states that you must participate or be dropped out of the class.
This video felt like an eternity
What Josh has done to all of these pupils ? 🤔🤔
How many pupils are there in that class 🤔🤔🤔 Is it a class of 200 ? do they all follow Josh in social media ? 🤔🤔🤔🤔
1:27 is that just Napoleon dynamite?
Everytime my English teacher tells us to discuss something, he leaves the class and 5 minutes later everyone leaves.
Omg 2:16 and I thought it was almost over. Just shows how overcrowded and underpaid our middle school teachers are. Look at all those kids. How are they supposed to learn when there's no time to give individual feedback to all these students coming from different backgrounds with different ways of learning and different ways of expressing themselves!
I gotta agree with josh on this one
I agree with Josh too
How many changes of clothes did they have setting off camera?
This is also how college works with online discussion board posts.
I thought that everyone would start disagreeing with facts
I also agree with Josh
Blondie with the long voluminous hair need to hmu
Last part got me
this video did not have to be 6 minutes long lol
nobody talking about the brothers vote for pedro tshirt smh
I liked the part where they agreed with Josh
I jumped to 6:00 and it was the same skit from 1:00
I liked the part where he said “ I agree”
This is actually 100% accurate, I am not joking I am being 100% serious, this happens everyday at school
You literally made a 6 minute video of people just saying stealing is bad
Wrong, stealing is the ultimate practice which gives you free stuff and is only illegal if you get caught   Ps.. go steal stuff or you are mashed potato
This is my first time hearing Imbiamba's voice
Why did I watch it all
I no longer like people named josh, not because of their personalities but just because the name.
Gotta get those participation points.
The problem is everyone trying to answer "rightly" and not giving their own opinion on things
I like how awkwardly long this video is. Just like class discussions. Very clever Gus.
why did i watch all of this
Ya know he kinda looks and sounds like Napoleon
If you thought something was going to change, you don't know gus Johnson
I just watched people agreeing with josh for 6 minutes... This is how I spend my time instead of working
Bruh from the lil gimmicks and the teacher comments and the personalities u just summed up my entire middle school experience
1 minute into the video I realized that it was the same thing over and over again
Not going to lie, to be honest, for real, josh said something very similar to what my personal belief is, being against stealing, so I agree with him, he said what he said very well.
Imagine not agreeing with josh
STEAL FROM THE RICH!!!!!
I just gotta agree with Josh
That one student that the teacher hate. Funny that I'm in that position before. But somehow he change his mind the next year (idk why, maybe he felt guilty) and I became one if his favorite student.
I bet someone disagreed with Josh but was embarassed to raise their hand
I just wanna say something that nobody has said... that stealing is bad so Josh my man ur really cool I love you <3
This is 100% accurate
I had this exact discussion but it was during jury duty
I think I agree with Josh as well
WHERE DID HE GET THAT OJ SHIRT
I agree with josh
This felt like 3 hours :D
Who is the girl
This is hilarious and accurate
I like that its 6 min long like class discussion time
Josh is like obiwankenobi and everyone who disagrees is Anakin josh has the high ground
Josh was wrong
This was really just a video to show off how many shirts he has
Coming back here another layer of greatness is seeing the clothes that repeat on each character.
Did anyone else notice sven’s pants when he turned the chair around?
Listening through this entire vid because I'm guilty of not participating in the discussion.
This is unrealistic, the teacher had patience when normally he would have shot the 3rd kid.
How is this so long
As I watch this video, I think to myself: “discussions in college are not far off from this discussion.....” 😂
I just watched 6 minutes of people agreeing with Josh.
You took the words right outta my mouth Josh.
2:30 i think I would agree with him agreeing with josh I just think he brings a very fresh take to the discussion
Why do teachers do that
Josh doesn't know what he's talking about. Steal as much as you can.
They don't like stealing, yet they all stole Josh's answer.
I can't believe the video was so long 😂 and I watched it all
Josh just carried the participation grade of the entire class
This is just to show off their wardrobe
Forrnitw balls
I just wanted to comment on here and say that I personally agree with what Josh said, when he said that stealing is bad.
one time my 6th grade teacher talked about finding a diamond ring on the side of the highway and wow people must lose diamond rings on the highway all the time because apparently half the class had also found diamond rings before
I do also agree with Josh, yeah I also ..wan.ted ..tooo say that...uuhm yeah stealing iss ..bad
I agree with Josh.
how many students do you have?!
guys i think i agree with Josh too
I kept waiting for it to get funny not the best Gus video at all
Me: Stealing is actually amazing, and here's a 300 slide presentation to prove it.
I mean what did they expect us to say to that
I disliked the video because I don't think the made this video to be liked
we can all agree stealing from massive corporations is not terrible, it’s only stealing from other people and smaller less known business is bad.
whos josh?
Not realistic. The same 3 people should be talking and not letting anyone else talk
WTF I literally waited the whole time to see some sort of turning point and got rickrolled
Wow Gus managed to get a girl in his video
It felt like an hour
jesus how big is your god damn class?
So wouldn't we have to bring up the moral quandri of stealing to survive
This is technically the longest 6 minutes known
I was waiting for the joke to come, and someone who just says bababooey or disagrees. Now I'm mad.
I also agree it’s josh.
Josh was really good at putting his point out
Every thief should be forced to watched this back to back for 10 hours straight. Any interruptions and you start over.
This also applies to most college athletes. So many of them are brain dead that they can't come up with any kind of well thought answers to questions, even the easy ones. Unless it's a sports related question, then all of a sudden they can actually come up with something somewhat intelligent. It's like Kevin in the Office where he can't do math unless it's food related.
4:29 that was a beautiful escalation
i agree with what josh said
Alternate title: People agreeing with Josh for 6 minutes and 40 seconds
0:42 holy shit Gus Johnson is in this video!
HOW MANY PEOPLE ARE IN THIS CLASS??
I would also like to agree with Josh
More like university lmao
Good job, Josh.
I swear its funny and then really stupid then gets funny again near the end
We had to give credit and call out the name of the person who said it
Woah all these kids look a lot alike. They could be siblings
Yea I think Josh hit this right on the head with the whole stealing is bad
I just wanna put out there that stealing is wrong
who's the girl
I was always the one saying that its not that simple and that stesling in princible isng bad proceeding to give a 5 minute monologe about why everything is relative which i am sure everyone listened to very closely and went out of enlightened relative to before...   I did not have many friends...
Class dismissed. Right, Josh?
I don’t like u uh. U
Mans has obviously never been in a debate class, shit got HEATED. One time, I decided that animal abuse getting a harsher sentence was the hill I was going to DIE on.
To play devils advocate I think josh is wrong on this one
This is secretly a wardrobe reveal
Im glad so many people agree with me on this.
Kinda like what Gus said but I think you should follow him on Twitter @Gusbuckets
Actually stealing is pretty cool
Stealing is only bad if it's really not necessary.
I can’t believe I just watched 7 minutes of that
took me a bit but I caught the Napoleon Dynamite reference.
But guys josh stole my phone
What is this, Soviet Russia?
I agree with Josh on this topic
Literally my whole school life
This is 6:30 of josh being right and people agreeing with him.
It's ok when you're doing it from wall street
I’m in 8th grade and my social studies teacher really has some real discussions about history and current media-   Also coming from an 8th grader, I can confirm this is TRUE AS HELL
i think i agree with josh, stealing isnt really all that good
I can agree with  Josh stealing is bad
TRUE
My trick when I can't come up with an answer is raise my hand when the teacher calls on someone and then put it down when they say their anwer
I also agree with. Gus
I watched this for 6 and a half minutes. And the end blew me away
soooo... is this basically 3 bois showing off all their outfits
The irony is that they all stole Josh's comment.
This goes on for 6 mins
Why did I watch this through
I think josh is right
Yeah I about to say I agree with josh
This is so true with a classroom full of 12 year olds
What a great way to spend 6 and a half minutes of my life
This happened in high school from time to time
I agree with josh
Wait, the one person who would definitely say stealing is good🤑🤑🤑
I agree with Josh on this one.
Did i just waste 6 minutes watching people agree with josh? Well i do too
You forgot when someone says the same answer without saying they agree and the entire class attacks them instantly with the "Josh just said that" or the "He already said that" and the "Way to pay attention"
I’d have to side with Josh on this one.
How many kids are in that class
"How much longer?" *Looks at time* "sigh, just 4 more mins of this"
Ive really gotta agree with josh on this one.
I love the vote for pedro shirt
You forgot the part where some kid would get in to trouble for smallest thing and everyone starts laughing and ignoring the teacher.  The is where the stealing begins though.
I misread the title as how Class Distinctions were in Middle School and was thoroughly confused, but now I'm thinking I agree with Josh.
me, who frequently "forgets to" or "accidentally doesn't" scan many of my items at self checkout: OoO  (for big box stores tho, support small businesses!!)  for legal reasons this is a joke
This was 6 minutes of Sven and Gus saying "I agree with josh"
This is fake  He didn't have to threaten everyone with failing until someone participated
I thought the guy in the yellow shirt I thought he said ceiling 😂 😆
6 minutes?  Omg. This is why I didn't get along in school
How the hell is this a 6 minute video
Why did i keep watching for 6 minutes? Also i agree with josh
"that was kinda dumb"
So frankly I agree with the literal statement that stealing is honestly and literally not good
Teacher: “There are no wrong answers” Class: *Repeats the only answer 20 times*
This vid is gonna have to be refilmed, only Little Josh is named Josh now
when the teacher grades you on participation
Anyone else watch the whole thing?
did i really just sit through almost 7 minutes of this
Josh is an idiot. Stealing is cool kids
I agree with josh
POV: you watched it all the way through
Why is this so brilliant? I can't put it into words
i thought i was never going to end
I want that oj shirt
When you have to do a 700 word essay
Why did I watch the whole video
Why is Josh sitting in front of the door? Timeouts are in the corner.
How many kids are in this fuckin class
I don't like josh
100% of the funding from other projects went to t shirts
This is still how discussions are in college tho 💀
I cant unhear josh anymore
“Everyone has to participate”
Ah yes, middle school through college
I felt like I was in a time loop for the whole video
Josh has no meaning to me anymore
Guys....I agree with Josh
Josh is stealing bad
I agree with Josh. Stealing is wrong.
Something about this video makes me want to steal
Eff you Gus you got me to watch the whole damn thing. Burn in hell like that one kid said who also agreed with Josh
The whole time? THE WHOLE TIME?
4:30
It isn't that bad🙃
Everyone steals  josh's idea and they say 'stealing is bad'😉
Bro why tf is this so damn accurate
how big is this fucking class
This man really made a 6 minute video get his friends and telling them to say yeah I agree with josh 100 time and get 2 million view so all I can say is nice
I bet Josh came up with this video concept. And I agree with Josh on that.
... I agree Stealing is bad...
I watched this while video, felt great. 👍
How did Gus sneak into a middle school class to record this?
If Josh has the high ground, Obi Wan had the higher ground 5:00
Glad my message was received so well
3:13 wat
In the real world its like: Yeah, it‘s like what Elon Musk said.
This is also how freshman in high school "discuss." Speaking from recent experience.
Oof
Is this an acid dream?
Gus ended the video when he ran out of shirts
Ceiling IS bad
just 7 minutes of them agreeing with josh
Fuck this actually went on for 6 straight minutes
This might be controversial but, I have to agree that stealing is bad.
Its painful how true it is especially considering I'm in middle school
The best part was when they said “ Stealing is bad”.
Why did I watch this all the way through.
Is there an unedited part where it’s just you in teacher costume calling students
After the 2nd dude agreed I immediately knew it would be 6 minutes of agreeing with Josh and I was in for the long haul
Calls on a Sleeping Kid: "What?" Teacher: "What do you think about stealing?" Sleeping Kid: " Oh... well, I think stealing...is bad." Everyone: "Josh already said that." Sleeping Kid: "Oh... well, I agree with Josh."
HOW MANY STUDENTS ARE IN THAT CLASS??
Well when you factor participation heavily in our grade this is what you get
THIS IS PAINFULLY FUNNY AND AWKWARD
Longest 6 minutes of my life lol
Josh thinks stealing is wrong Be like Josh.
big classroom....
I agree with Josh
This goes on for 6 minutes this will help 59:59
6 minutes well spent
For the people who got bored while watching this video: they had to film this.
This has more joshs than the josh fight.
What happened to the kid who replied with watarmelons
I wonder what Josh thinks about murder.  But regardless I 100% agree with what Josh believes.
I think stealing could be a good thing. Like our government stealing secrets from our enemies in war to get the upper hand. Or because I wanted that gushers pack for myself
I agree with Josh... Stealing is wrong!
This is amazing
The only reason this video ended is because the Johnsons ran out of shirts
Yeah I umm, I think stealing is bad and I’m gonna have to agree with josh on this one
Not many people can make a 6 minute long video saying the same thing over and over that I will happily watch... 😂
honestly, I think I agree with Josh I think.
I didn't think they'd be able to stretch this out for 6 minutes.  I was wrong.  (just like what josh said stealing was)
Jesus how many students do you have in this one class?
High school wehad a whole hour long class about like the first page of romeo and juliet. Cause the guys COULD NOT understand a vow of chastity and why a girl might take it and just could not wrap their heads around it.
The girl is really pretty
I think we all gave uponlife in we all watched this...All of it
I just agree with Josh
Exactly
How many shirts do they all have
This is so true
I sat here for six and a half minutes watching people agree with josh and I don’t regret it
That's how Josh Fight ended
I came here after the Josh Fight
Ya know, i think josh makes some pretty valid points... about the whole stealing is bad thing. I think ill have to agree
I'm in 6th grade.     This is accurate
Why is this so accurate
Moral of the Story: Stealing is bad.
God it’s exactly on point it hurts
Ok guys hot take but I think stealing is bad
America: I agree with josh unless it's oil
This is weird
How did you make me volunteer to watch this 6 minutes
Next one, climate change is bad
Why don't the teachers glasses touch his ears?
That is untrue! Maybe your discussions sucked, but mine were 200iq
true flax
NAPOLEON DYNAMITE SHIRT!!!
I had to skip ahead to see if they were all really going to just agree with Josh for 6 minutes and 38 seconds
"How class discussions went in middle school"  Me, a high schooler: *nervously sweats*
I’m gonna have to agree on josh about this one
? This is university discussion posts, bruv
guys i think stealing is bad
I almost thought that he put it on a loop.
This Josh won Josh battle
thats how this shit goes in highschool and college too. im sick of this shit
Me when someone steals my bike
this is just them flexin how many shirts they steal
Plot twist: Josh doesn’t agree with any of them 🥸🥸🥸
I disagree with josh
josh is a straight-up genius
How do the do 2:49
I watched this for 6:38 seconds straight
There's like 31 students in this class...
Josh only said that so he looks innocent when he found in the Josh Battle
its just the same thing over and over again. so accurate.
The fact that it goes in for 6 minutes. I watched it all
the fact that this is in my recommendations after the josh fight
i support josh. Hes the real Josh
So this one time my cousin stole once and they made him put it back on the shelf so like um Josh said that he really understood stealing not gooder
So he won the fight
This is the only time the “subscribe for more garbage” has come into play
The 4:07 Karen wig is what totally made me lose it tho  Prior to that I was screaming internally but that made me go audible with a vengeance  A Karen 'do and a full moustache, exactly what youd expect from a 13 year old child 😭😂
Nothing clever to say here, except that this is exactly how 99.3% of all middle and high school class "discussions" are to a T. 🤣😂  Everyone's to lazy or uninterested to think of their own viewpoint or they honestly agree with whoever said the only obvious conclusion first
How did you take 12 minutes of my existence by reiterating the same thing
34 kids in the class. That’s a big class!
But the real quistion is.....                                               I would have to agree with Josh on this one
Stealing is bad
I can't believe I just wasted 5 minutes of my life...
thanks
Legend has it he won the Josh fight
I agree with josh aswell
Lol so true! Just agree with the first person. Especially when you arent laying attention lol
I'm in middle school and this is 100% what it is like
How many students are in this class??? LOL
This is almost the longest video of yours I've watched and it's just them saying the exact same thing
The irony of this whole video is unforgettable.
Let me buy you sometime This WHOLE vidoe: I agree with Josh
The fact is ... All of these ppl r stealing
here after the great josh battle.
If you steel you should get your ds taken away 😡😡😡
How class discussions go in university*  Even in grad school, nothing changes.
Damn..Josh is pretty smart
Take a shot everytime josh is said.. and you'll have alcohol poisoning.
HOW MUCH PEOPLE ARE IN THIS ONE CLASS
This goes on for too long
who are the other three people?
life lesoson STEALING IS BAD
Steal from your local walmart today
They all have the same teeth
It’s true but so many questions only had like one answer xd
Fun fact: Josh is in prison for theft.   Lesson learned: never fucking believe Josh.
I feel like an idiot i just watches 6 minutes of I agree with josh
I also agree with josh. He made a really good point that stealing isn’t good
Stealing is wrong
Guys I agree with josh
You forgot about “I forgot what I was gonna say”
i think josh should've won the josh fight.
I watched 6 minutes of this
I fast forwarded like a full minute and they were STILL SAYING STEALING IS BAD
Im done lol.
Me who was homeschooled for middle school:  I am four parallel universes *behind* you
If you wanna hear a bunch of people say “stealing is bad” for five minutes, this is the video for you
I love the vote for Pedro shirt
At 4:03 is that a girl with the hairy chest/open shirt motif?
I was so glad to see Napoleon wearing a Vote for Pedro shirt one scene after I thought, "wait - is that Napoleon?!"
HOW BIG IS THIS CLASS DUDE
When your name is Josh this video makes you feel good
So... If you never have a second thought, you probably never have to regret anything...
How many people are in this one class
Honestly you just summed up my middle school year's
Litteral 100 kids saying stealing is bad for 6 mins
Welcome to waiting for the punch line for 6 minutes.
Peak content
haha Robin Hood
Hey yo, Josh was pretty head on with his answer that steeling is bad, and so I pretty much agree with him and have no counter argument
1:28 Napoleon Dynamite reference
I agree with Josh, too.
Forgot about the kid that says "like" every other word
Ok, If Josh says stealing is wrong then All will agree to one to agree that stealing which one can agree to disagree to agree that its "stealing" that we all can agree to disagree is bad. Do you agree?
Thor but it's also the 80s: 2:54
Idk why I watched this all the way through
Nowadays everybody is silent. Well for at least me.
ok but your sister looks like lilyrose depp
I agree with Josh stealing is wrong. Literally stole my answer.
Indeed, by the principle of The Obvious is Obvious by Pythagoras, stealing is bad.
yea stealing bad
6:04 :O
The fact that they are literally stealing what josh said
Is it really 6 min of this?
I also think stealing is bad !
anyone got a link to the lyrics to this one?
Bro, how is this so true?
What can I say? Josh is an agreeable guy
There is a whole 6 minutes of just the same 4 people agreeing with josh
I'm surprised how many students are in this classroom
I swear all of the Johnson's look exactly the same lmfao
this man litteraly made a 6 minute video of people agreeing with josh
Why do they change outfits every time it cut to them lmao
This was a great confidence booster for me. Thanks
I watched it whole.
Add in... *This might be piggybacking off of what josh said*
“How many characters should we put in this one video?” *how many clothes do we have?*
I don’t like you, that is me in the class when I raise my hand
It's 6 1/2 minutes straight of saying the same thing 🤣
Anybody else realize that everybody was saying stealing was bad, but they were stealing Josh’s idea...
To do a triple backflip into a lake of fire off of what Josh said, I think stealing is wrong
Wow this is the perfect video for anyone who wants to waste six and a half minutes of their life.
If this isn’t the truest thing in the world I don’t know what is
Actually no, now that I think about it.. lol
this isnt just in middle school, high school and college as well hahaha
I forgot to say that I personally agree with Josh.
who else was waiting for twist
after giving it a lot more thought, I think Josh was on point with this one
Josh: stealing is bad The class:
You can't see any students behind any of the students saying stealing is bad, so either they're all sitting in a line, or they keep switching places with the people behind them.
Minnesota Twins fan instead of Milwaukee Brewers fan hmmm?
I gotta agree with josh on this one
This is too accurate
I can’t believe I just wasted 6 and a half minutes listening to people agree to something one person said, but acting like they were going to say it differently but ended up saying it literally just like josh did lmao, tbh I didn’t even watch the whole thing, it took me awhile to catch on but yeah... ima try and waste my friends time with this lol.
5:40 I released there changing shirts
If you switched positions it would have been more enjoyable to people who pay attention to detail. You changed clothes and all, but still sitting I front of the door. You already have a creeper mustache and long hair. Just changing clothes or whatever doesn’t work.
Why does my dad say they must have needed it lore than me when someone else’s steals from him,  it when it’s me stealing it’s a arrestable offense
Im 3 minutes in   Does stealing ever get better?
This is 100% fax
Gus this is six minutes long
Which one do you agree with? Stealing is bad? Or Stealing is wrong?
Almost 6 minutes of agreeing with Josh. By the way, looking back on what Josh said ngl kinda agree no cap
I didn't know there were so many ways to say the same sentence
I just wasted 7 minutes of my life.
I agree with josh
it’s the biggest ego booster when you’re josh
Latin had the best discussions
Wtf is this video
😂😂
They're saying stealing is bad, yet they are stealing Josh's opinion
That one kid: "What was the question"
Why is this almost 7 minutes long?
my name is josh, and i agree with myself
"I agree with Josh, the ceiling is bad". Did anyone else hear that?
You just watched six minutes of people agreeing that stealing is bad
That's a big class.
This video is 3 minutes it was so good.
I just want to say I agree with Josh he really very smart      Drink apple juice cause oj will kill you 🤣
I forgot what josh looked like half way into the video
They r all stealing Josh’s answer
Its pretty ironic how they are talking about stealing but everyone is technically stealing off of josh or someone else in the room
this is lidertly a 6 minit video of yah i agree with josh XD
I just watched "I agree with Josh" for 6 minutes and 38 seconds. No regrets.                       Also the other day my friend said he agreed with Josh during online school.
I liked the part where they said stealing is bad
I like napoleon dynamite
Are these all of Gus’s syblings they all look the same lmao Yes i know sven is
This video feels way longer than 7 min holy cow
Is that a vote for pedro shirt
You forgot the kid, that makes everything political.
2:53 were can I buy that shirt?
6 min of people saying the same thing. And i just watched every god damn 6 min of this 1 min discussion 😎🚬  ALAKABLIKE!
When they said stealing was bad, I felt that
Why did i wstched this?
I just watched the same 5 people say "I agree with josh" for 6 minutes
6 GODDAMN Minutes
yeah  i agree with Josh he has a good point
I was the “Josh” in History class rip me. Subscribe to heal my heart plssss.
My favorite part is when they said “stealing is bad”
My classes throughout middle school always had one kid who was consistently trying to be against the majority during discussions and kept with it.      Then everyone after his turn would agree and thus he built an army.
The fact that 35 students contributed blows my mind. How many are there in this class?
This video in a nutshell: Everyone agrees with Josh on is stealing bad
I thought for a second he didn’t agree with josh
not accurate, they didnt say “like” 10 times per word
I thought this was like a 2 minute video, it's 6 minutes and I feel like I've wasted a lifetime now
I am in middle school right now and I can say that this is to 100% accurate
Josh is the man!!
This is literally how it is
I do to also think stealing is indeed bad
If you watched this entire video, I'm proud of you🤣🤣
"This is kinda like what Josh said" The most accurate line
kids aren't dumb, but yeah this does happen.
this skit was perfect for confusing my brain enough to stop being anxious. hilarity was incidental. good content 100%
If also like to throw my support behind what Josh said, stealing is definitely bad
There really is always that one kid who brings up the bible.
Josh
*ceiling is bad*
That panic you feel when you haven't been able to get your 1st participation point in the Socratic circle with 10 minutes left
This is how many times they said Josh 10002929839399201838392901938838392
thats literally the reason why i feel more and more stupid after school lol
at the end when the garageband cellos kicked in. mmmhmmmm.
I paused real quick to see how long the video was. See ya in 3min 31s
I can't believe i watched 6 minutes of people saying they agree with josh, and enjoyed it. Also, yeah. What josh said is totally right imo
LOGAN PAUL??? 3:00
All joking aside I think Josh had a good point
Me waiting for someone to not agree with josh 👁👄👁
This was the longest 6 minutes of my life
I saw the timestamp and was like "I like longer Gus videos".  Still was not disappointed.
Then you have the teacher calling on every kid in the class like somebody is going to say something different
I remember when our teacher asked if we wanted to be a bully or a gossiper and I said gossiper. Everyone else said neither and I said that wasn’t one of the choices.
Just a friendly reminder that she's one of The Johnson's
Did anyone watch the whole 6 minutes of this?
Watching that very boring video to the end was almost worth it if he didn’t agree with JOSH
This whole year of online and hybrid learning in gradschool fits all the discussions we've had to do for "busy work" 😂
The class: HE IS THE MESSIAH Josh: I am not the messiah!
Wow you really took this joke far
thats six mis of my life wasted
You stole my time
Why the fuck did I watch the whole thing?
Oh fuck this was long.  Why the fuck did I sit here and watch every second!?!?!
"piggy backing off josh"  launching myself via diving board off josh"  "putting myself in a canon on a airplane and flinging myself into the sky onto a piles of snakes off josh"
I believe this is one of the best videos on the internet for timing the perfect soft boiled eggs (medium-sized eggs, to be exact).
How the actual fuck did I get through that video?!
where's the devil's advocate?
Everyone stole Josh’s answer
Not funny at all.
Me at the end: I know I watched all 6:00 for something  The guy that almost disagreed with Josh: never mind Me: never mind
I want this class
Is tje kid in blonde hair stuck in 2008
This went on for six minutes👏👏👏 can't be leave i watched it all!
4:28 Sven is based as heck 🤣🤣🤣
1:27 The fact that the dude randomly dressed like Napoleon Dynamite is why I watch these videos
This reminded me of certain girls who word for word repeat someones statement and acted like they just invented this thought process. Not like the whole class didn't hear the teacher talking about it 10 minutes earlier.
I got so excited when the guy disagreed. I also wasted about 6 minutes and 32 seconds of my life. But at least I’m not the only one who notices it. Does anyone agree?      Ps my middle name is Joshua no joke oaml
Waited 6 minutes for an almost twist
Teachers were so patient
That was the longest 6 minutes of my life
You could say that this was 4min too long, or 11min too short
I am the annoying one who does not agree.
How is this video entertaining. Not a criticism btw. Just... I cannot stop watching and it's funny. HOW IS THIS 6+ MIN VIDEO SO GOOD WITH WHAT IT ACTUALLY IS???!
Josh said this video was pretty funny, I agree with Josh
This is so true
It took me like a hour to realise this isnt a loop
4:30 thats funny
Its like a lullaby
This is how we figured out everything in Gus Johnson’s wardrobe
I think stealing is bad
this is exactly right
Oh god is this how my middle school teacher felt???????? .
Well I just wasted six mins of my life
I sat here for 6mins for this. 😂
i actually really agree with josh, and he really hit the money
Make it stop!!! 😆😆😆
I’m one minute into the video and I swear if this continues for the rest of the video I’m gonna have to factory reset all my organs  Update: all my organs have committed kidney failure
im in high school but this looks exactly like the Socratic seminar my class had last week
How did you make a 6 minute sketch oh josh saying do not steal?
That’s 6 minutes and 38 seconds of my life I will never be getting back
Longest and best 6 minutes and 38 second of my life!
I agree with josh he said that stealing is bad
Sorry I wasn't listening, what was Josh's opinion on stealing?
How many students do you have in this class?!
People who skip to the end: 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
try that in a Job interview kids!
this is so relatable this isn't even funny
"Josh is Love, Josh is Life"
Yeah I have to agree with josh stealing is bad
Bottom line is... STEALING IS VERY BAD, Josh is wisdom
That one kid:i love stealing what do you mean guys stealing is good
i honestly would agree with josh, stealing is indeed bad
“I also agree with Josh.” Shirt: *vote for pedro*
I mean, there's nothing much to say on this topic, ya know, it's bad
Saving time, they just agree with josh for 6 minutes
I really agree with josh
Yeah I agree with Josh
The fact after months no one noticed the “drink apple juice, ‘cause OJ will kill you” t shirt makes me mad
6 minutes closer to death
E
Why did I think anything would change
Hot take, but stealing is wrong
DAMMIT you should have had a hyper intellecutalization about stealing and defining certain acts that one would consider stealing and broken down the finer details of why is it stealing why is that kind of stealing wrong or not wrong. what does one consider stealing to be what does stealing define....     then just back to the rest of the class agreeing and the one kid just debating this with everyone but no ones is actually paying attention
I also agree that stealing is bad
If anyone steals a comment you obviously did not watch the video.
Coincidentally, this is also usually how online college discussion boards go as well
I'm going to agree with Josh especially the part where he said stealing is bad
So i think, we can all agree, that stealing is bad, i agree with josh
I agree with josh
this isn’t realistic, too many people answered, there should be no one raising their hands and the teacher has to call on people
Y'all haven't met my Classes XD
The only unrealistic part is that you had so many people willingly volunteer to participate!
The irony is that Josh stole his own personal opinion.
Forgot about the dumbasses in the back of the class who in the middle of this Discussion are stealing shit from each other and trying not to laugh (me, I'm one of these Dumbasses)
Hello there
Stealing is bad as they all agree but what they didn't realize is them they self stole josh's answer
Josh made a good point. I'm with Josh on this one.
I also think stealing is bad...
Forgot about that kid that would make up some fucking scenario like if they had a starving family or some shit
I don't agree with josh
I agree with Josh
Why do I feel like Josh wrote this
Thanks y’all. I needed that validation. ☺️
As a teacher I can say this is a documentary. Lol
Thats a lot of people in one class or theres exactly 4 people in this class of people with mutiple personalities disorder
You knew that stuff was about to go down when all the desks where in a cycle
I agree with Josh
This happens in high school too
Who else found that girl was annoying
This.. is a big classroom..
If you watched the whole thing like I did you're 100% a god at not getting bored and leaving a video.
I think stealing is great and disagree with josh because josh stole my wallet yesterday😋
I have a feeling they agree with josh
how big is this class
There's a lot of students in this class
It's so true
So basically students stealing Josh's answer by ironically saying stealing is bad.
This is exactly what happens when daily participation affects your grade lmao.
There’s always that one kid that’s like “YEEE BUT LIKE IF SOMEONE IS TOO POOR THEY HAVE TO STEAL SO ITS NOT BAD FOR THEM”
this was also college 😂
Umm so yeah I'm just gonna leave this comment here but Josh's comment "stealing is bad" is too right I have to agree with what he said really nailed it down
I literally woke up when he said that he didn't agree with Josh.
Lol if you watch with CC then it says ceiling is bad
Thaaats alota kids
This happened in my class. I put forth my own unique statement, and everyone was like: what William said. Yeah I agree with William, it’s so annoying
Wheres the student who you know is lying though
Stealing is bad, but josh stole what I was gonna say...
So, I have to say that the thing that Josh said that what he said and he put it right and the that the that that thate Josh and Josh said that what he said agree I agree with and he's right that the stealing so yeah josh was that that correct right agree and that and so Josh Josh Josh and I agree with Josh that stealing is bad.
What the fuck was middle school again?
I can't believe it lasts for 6 minutes
I just wasted 6 minutes of my life watching 3 dudes changing in different shirts and saying I agree with Josh. But it was funny.
You could've cut this down by like 3 mins and it would be 10x funnier
I will never get these 6 minutes and 38 seconds of my life back
That is really my English class😂
When Josh said that the thing about stealing is bad I really think so too
i just wasted 6 minutes of my life
Guys c'mon the ceiling is bad. Cant we just agree on that?
So I was just gonna bounce off what josh said about stealing and that it’s bad and just really wanted to put it out there that I agree with him on this one.
How many kids are in the class?
Imagine filming Gus’s lines;  “Ok, yeah...” “Let’s go...”  “Nice. What about you...”  etc
Captures it all so. Well.
bruhhhh
this goes on for so long it becomes genius
"So which takes should we use?" "Yes"
then u have that one kid who's like i cant confirm or deny that stealing is bad
This was literally my AP Literature class a few years ago.  Only two people in the class actually did the assigned reading.
This gave me brain damage, I don’t like it, it’s just “yeah I agree with josh on this one” like wtf
I forgot who josh looked like
All the dislikes are people that think stealing is good
Vote for Pedro
Who is the girl.? Not simping but maybe a little, digging the red.
The last guy, exists: the class: Say sike right now
Why is stealing wrong tho smh
you know, fuck josh im a rebel
this goes on for way to f******* long
Omg Blonde Sven is wearing a Thing a Majigs shirt!
Yeah I agree with josh
Stealing isn't bad its rad.
Dude I’m happy to send you some shirts to make this video last 2 times longer!
I can't believe I just watched the entire thing
There's no way I actually spent 7 minutes of my life on this
There’s that one kid “So obviously Josh is right that stealing is bad, but playing devils advocate...”
It just keep on going
Only Gus could get 2.1 million views for him and his friends saying “Stealing is Bad”, and “I agree with Josh” for 6 and a half minutes
"Stealing is bad... most times"
did I really just watch people agreeing with Josh for 6 minutes,  and not get bored?
I don’t like how many times my name was said
This went on for way to long
I just watched 6 minutes of people saying "im with josh on this one, I think stealing is bad"
Did they really do 6 minutes of it?!
This felt like a 10 minute video... 3 minutes in...
I love that we are all on the same page with josh and I have to say that I have to agree with josh
This goes on for 6 minutes!!!😂😂
I don’t know about the rest of you guys but I kinda but I agree with josh
Who watched the whole thing too? 😂
Same for high school...and community college
Yep, that's how it went.
personally, i think josh is correct in saying that stealing is bad
Watching that video was the longest 6 minutes of my life it felt like it had been forever
Yes, yes you did watch 6 minutes of this
I disagree with Josh. I happen to believe stealing is in fact not bad
Yo let’s give it up for josh
Why did I sit through this whole video lmfao
You know josh did a backflip when no one was looking
yea i also agree with josh that uhh stealing is um bad.
This went on for way to long
6 minutes of this
I watched 4 minutes of people saying josh is right before I noticed there was no point in this video
y did u have to make it so fucking long
I’d have to agree with josh, the ceiling is bad
I was the kid who chose the losing argument and made it into the winning one, because i was such a fucking tryhard in middle school. I don't know why I was so liked by everyone.
How to get A grades in a nutshell
This is a class of over 30 kids
What about the ~devils advocate~
Online college discussions are the same
4:09 I was being tortured, but papa Gus' chest fur saved the day
This is basically just 7 minutes of “I Agree With Josh.”
Never before have I chosen to listen to several minutes of people trying to reword the same sentence
It felt like an hour for fucks sake
Im in senior high and this shit happens too 😂😂😂
Where's the Josh in my life!??? I need Josh in my life!!!!!
You are missing the part where one person asks to go to the bathroom
Over two million people (including me) watched a near seven minute video of other people saying “stealing is bad.” Content.
Me: **studying to be a teacher** also **Old internet pirate**  "Good morning class..." **evil grin**
Why did I just watch the hole thing?
I have a math teacher so..... we don't have class discussions we had math. So I am not kidding when I say that we had discussions like this only when she had to yell at someone or at the whole class. But we were happy that we don't have more math homeworck.
I agree with Josh
Guys, weird opinion but I think Josh is right.
Awesome.. simply.. Awesome..
90% of the students there probably stole a pencil from each other
that's discussion boards in college
false, it didn't take every student each 10 minutes to give their answer.
Middle school? College discussion with graded participation is the same.
This is probably the longest 6 minutes and 38 seconds of my life
Did I really just watch this hole thing😂
Why did this entertain me?
At 1:29 I just realized that he has the vote for Pedro shirt from Napoleon dynamite
This is torture
Yeah I like the way how Josh presented his way of how stealing is bad, truly the best words Josh has ever said
I just watched six and a half minutes of this. I know it wasn’t going to change after maybe a minute, but I still sat through the whole thing. And you know what? I think this demonstrated excellently WHY stealing is bad.
I thought that was Sven with a wig
Who’s the cute blonde guy tho😏
Stealing is good if you don't get caught so no one can say you stole
I think Josh had a great idea on his thoughts for stealing and I 100% agree with him
I died of laughter when I saw the vote for Pedro shirt 😂
I wasn't sure where he was going when he said "Stealing" but after he followed it with "is bad" I immediately understood where he was coming from. Right then, I 100% wholeheartedly agreed with Josh.
I'm in middle school. This always happens whenever I say something
Inaccurate:  There's always that one kid in the back with a huge smirk on their face who says, "Stealing is GOOD actually." and then tries to back up that point just for the sake of being obnoxious.
I just watched 6 minutes and 38 seconds of people saying they agree with Josh.
true true
Yeah, no it would just be awkwardly quiet
I hate myself for watching it till the end
I just
I watched 6 minutes and 38 seconds  of this and I think Josh I’s a legend
It’s cool god could show up for this one and I think it shows how dope he really is because he’s stayed consistent on his point of view that us grubby little guys down here have been stealing and that he thinks that’s bad
watching this video high was the biggest mistake ever
Stealing is bad
I agree with josh on this one stealing isnt a good thing
the shirts kept changing lol
This is classic middle school memory. All I remember
You forgot the kid who insists on being a voice of reason and comes up with some hypothetical situation in which stealing is or might be ok, and then everyone gets mad at them.
Josh was f*(/ing wrong
This is how college class discussions are too
I actually watched this whole video...
This is the longest video I have ever watched
As a middle schooler in school this is true
Lol that was gold comedy
Josh doesn't even sound like a real name anymore
I swear that room has over 1000 corners
Who knew josh spoke so many facts
"I'm just gonna be the devil's advocate- "
I feel like this was an excuse to play dress up
I totally agree with what Josh said
Sorry for disliking had to. It was on 3.9 then whe I disliked it hit 4 thousand sorry
The fact that this goes on for 6 minutes XD
We all sat here and watched this man talk about agreeing with Josh for 6 minutes
We've all been there before XD
this is 6 min meow
Is it bad that I skipped 4 minutes and they're sayiing the same thing-
How did this become 6 min??
This is how many students are in Josh’s classroom 😂👉
Love the napoleon dynamite shirt.
Why do so many kids sit near the door?
Stealing is a declaration of envy and jealousness, and in doing such a scandalous act it reveals you are weak-minded and defiant. So I have to agree with Josh on this one.
Why the hell did I watch all of this
bruh this is even how my college classes go, people get lazy lol
My names Josh
Yeah uh so stealing is wrong.
*I agree with Josh*
This gives me skyrim memories probably because there's only like 3 voice actors
2:15
I have no clue how now 6 months after the first time I watched it I still watched it till the end. how is this so great 🤣
This is accurate
I’m gonna have to disagree with Josh on this one
I like stealing ngl
Incorrect: some people would disagree as a joke
Please stop
I thought this was a comedy video, but it turns out it's an educational video for in-prision thieves
4 thousand people dislike this
We read the book how to steal a dog in 6th grade. The girl basically stole a dog and would bring it back for reward money because she was homeless. It doesn't go right in the end. But anyways, my teacher made us go into two groups. One was stealing was bad, and stealing was ok. Everyone in the stealing is bad group just said "stealings bad". It was pretty fun for a week
Did I really just watch 4 people agreeing to a character they named "Josh" for 6 minutes
And then there’s me, the one kid who says an obviously wrong thing just to stir up something interesting
i was that  guy who would steal your pen and pencil and never give you back
In reality there is a large gap of silence every five minutes, and that's because the only kid that's talking is waiting for someone else to contribute.
I’m the kid who drags it on and on with hypotheticals. #nerdgang
This video was 6 minutes but it felt like it was 4 hours
You forgot the part where they over explain sbout nothing
i got the joke after like the first 30 seconds but this is over 6 minutes long lmao
1:30 that movie was amazing
I think they would say that they all think stealing us bad. Idk why
So relatable
The blonde glasses dude is the exact copy of me in 7th grade lmao
I cant handle this for 6 minutes, but in class we had to do it for 60
I agree with josh
All hail JOSH
My literature class looks very active compared to this lmao
Vote for Pedro!
This is the longest 6 minutes every
What Student Gus said is literally what everyone said in middle school.
this will never stop damm it
yea i would also like to agree with josh
accurate
Wait was that napoleon dynamite
It hurts to sit through this
I have to agree with Josh on this one
Half way through the video I forgot what Josh even looked like
I agree with josh, he really put the nail in the coffin on that one.
*Saying the same thing but in a different way*
Stealing is right and good
3:12 You, nope I don't like you.
Why did I watch 6 minutes of people agreeing with Josh? Are we the insane ones here?
I was waiting for someone to say i like stealing
im not an american, but that T-shirt @2:55 is awesome and I want one
Kids, the joke is that everybody is stealing Josh’s idea.
Stealing is okay, but only if it's from your family. Stealing drugs from my mom is the best part of my afternoon!
How many people are in the class
then theres that one kid"yeah stealing is bad but it depends on what your stealing"
did anyone else realize that svens first characters shirt was wearing a shirt that said Abibas and not Adidas
i agree with josh that stealing is bad.
When u think it goes on for like a minute and then its multiplied by 6
I’m ashamed to say that this is 100% accurate
I agree with josh
🤣
This is painfully accurate
As someone who is in middle school, I can vouch that this is completely accurate.
i’m in high school and it’s still the same
6 minutes and 24 seconds of *j o s h.*
Fake. Nobody asked to use the bathroom
Anyone ever have that one fucker in class that just argued just for the sake of being different?
I'm currently in law school and this is still how discussions go.
I just watched like 5 people say YES JOSH
Josh said stealing is bad and i agree for an ENTIRE 6 mins bro you got the whole squad laughing bro im on the ground laughing
this hurt to watch
Josh really peaked with his 6 minutes of fame
I too agree with josh
I agree with Josh here that stealing is really bad
Wow I really just watched a full 6 minutes of people say they agree with josh in slightly different ways
So true
Stealing is bad if you get caught, but if you get away with it, it's called new ownership
i agree it is bad like what josh said
Try liberal arts college at least in my experience
This is the longest 6 minutes of my life
"Can I just play devil's advocate for a second?"
This is so right. god damn dude
My favorite part is when it says stealing is bad
Even though I get the humour, my time in middle school was _way_ too different.  The teacher was the one to go to bed, and the children were to start a discussion with the teacher's beard and end with principal's personal toilet.
Wait I didn’t understand, what was their thought on stealing?
Its gota a "whitest kids you know" vibe
I'm still traumatized from when our class all agreed like this but our teacher said we have to debate anyway, so I was forced to defend something awful. I had debate experience, they devolved into yelling. Nobody won.
How many doors are in this class room?
Yes 6 minuets of stealing is wrong                             They should make criminals watch this for 24 hours so they know stealing is wrong
I love how it’s just 6 minutes of the same people saying stealing is wrong
I'm 4 minutes in, does anyone disagree with Josh in this excruciating six and a half minutes
I think I would have to agree with Josh on this one.
We just watched a people agree with Josh for 6 minutes
So for everyone else at what point did you check how much longer this was going to happen I was 3 mins in before I checked
six whole minutes of people agreeing with josh- now if only real life humans would agree on things this easily
This felt like the longest video I have ever watched....
"drink apple juice  because OJ will kill you"
gonna have to go with josh on this one guys, i do think stealing is wrong
i agree with josh
I watched this whole video
I just a stole a snack from my pantry.
To piggyback with Josh I agree with Josh completely yes
After watching this video, i'm gonna have to agree with Josh that stealing is pretty bad.
This is exactly how my middle school classes went
My favorite part was when they said stealing is bad
Kudos to those who saw the whole thing, you seem to really agree with Josh
Josh
I think he is saying that stealing is bad
this is basically just danganronpa
Agree to disagree.
This feels like 10 hours
I remember when this first came out I sat here for 6 minutes waiting for a punchline. Idk why I didn’t decide that it wouldn’t be worth it before the video was over
Vote for pedro
I just wanna say, that i totally agree with josh. Stealing is totally not cool.
1:15 that’s the TA not a student and you can’t convince me otherwise
I didn't think you'd actually tell the same joke 80 times in a row but here we are
Bruh
This is only 6 minutes ...
This is also me when I didn’t do the reading and am pretending like I did😂
i just watched a six minute video of people saying a form of "steal is bad"
Best 6 and a half minutes of my life
Personally, and this is MY personal opinion, I think that Josh is totally right and that stealing in bad, really REALLY BAD!
I almost forgot which one was josh
Josh agrees with Josh agrees with Josh
I have to agree with josh too. Stealing is bad
k
Josh is so cool, i heard his dad let him drive his Camaro one time Josh is so cool, i heard his dad let him drive his Camaro one time
Yeahp
i disagree with josh i think stealing cool
Kind like what josh said
Building a whole new generation of opinion-less snowflakes. Wait for it.
Jesus Christ is real people he is our Lord and savior for now and forever
untrue :[
Yeah, i agree with what Josh said.🤣🤣
Josh should win the Nobel Prize for peace
this is what my university discussions are.
Wait... so is stealing bad or not?
Middle school? More like Sophomore year of college.
Why did that feel Like i had a 6min stroke
6 minutes of people agreeing with each other quality content.
Did I just watch 6 minutes and 30 seconds of people saying they agree with watch josh said?                                 *What am I doing with my life*
i think i have to go with stealing is ri- i mean stealing is wrong
The only difference w/middle school and community college is that there are 2-3 more Joshes
Halfway in I realized this is all there was
So, who's Josh? I don't think we ever meet him.
In Conclusion, "Stealing is bad" was said
Follow the cool twitter account called @Gusbuckets
HOW MANY KIDS CAN BE IN ONE CLASS!?!!?!!!!?
6 minutes of my life gone for a pay of less then that teacher's wage
damn, love the commitment to the plot. Sadly my small attention span can't handle more than a minute of this stuff.
This felt like 60 minutes not 6
Knowing this was filmed in a church and not an actual school is honestly changing my whole world view and I feel kinda betrayed.
I think like Josh was right so like... I agree with him
I love how ironic it is that the topic of discussion just so happens to be stealing, XD
6 minute of “I agree with Josh” How could life get better
To piggyback off this video, I have to agree that this is how these always went.
4:02   *WHO!* Allows this shirt in *MIDDLE SCHOOL* haha 😂 i would be embarrassed 🙈
I love how it was necessary that it was so unnecessarily long, and i agree with Josh, stealing is uh, uh, well, stealing is, what Josh said
Can I kill myself?
That was the hardest thing I have ever watched
2:01 Let us take a moment of silence for this pencil, who's life was tragically taken in the making of this video   Edit: *me waiting for there to be the one guy who says "Yeah I'm alright with stealing" and it happening but then not at the same time*: 👁👄👁
I’m trying to force myself to watch the entire thing
Why did I watch 6 minutes of people just saying “stealing is bad”
They all stole his statement
Personally I agree with Josh
Steaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaliiiiiiiiiiingggg
Pain.
Bruh The same thing is repeated, the sentences are just changed a little bit Lol Josh is the nerd and the whole class just copies him
This is so true it actually gives me flashback
He just told people to show up with as many clothes as possible and decided how many takes to do from there
Teacher calls roll. "Josh?" Josh:" Here" Everyone else: " I couldn't have put it better myself"
We all wanted to say our opinion only bv we wanted to spent time
How many people are there in this class
I like how this video could have been 30 seconds but he wanted us to go back to middle school for about 6 minutes and die in pain
I'd like to think this is a class of 4 students. Just repeating "I agree with josh"
I liked the part where they agreed with Josh, because I also agree with Josh.
Middle school? This is also the painful zoom conversations that go on in College!
I liked the part were they said stealing was bad
Echo chambers in a nutshell.
Love that shirt at 3:01!
its surprising how many ways there are to say you agree with josh
I have just wasted 6 minutes of my life watching this
its still the fucking same.
Students:stealing is bad Subtitles : the ceiling is bad
I thought I saw Charlie Puth at 1:07
college discussions are just more of this with fancier words
Okay yeah but what if the thing was yours to begin with?
Josh Gohnson? I see what you tried! It was YOU wasn't it?!
This is historically inaccurate  As everyone knows only 3-5 people in a class will ever answer a question everyone else is just on their phones
So um, this is kinda like what Josh said, but stealing is bad and stuff you know? Like its just wrong and stuff.
how many children are in this goddamm class oh my lord
If your pencil is left in the room after class it shall be mine
College
and this is exactly why the devil's advocate is borderline necessary in discussions.
You know honestly I got to agree with josh
i didnt even relize that they were different charicters i thought it was the same peopel doing it over and over again
Josh is a prodigy
In my classes we talked about hiding bodies, and really weird stuff. and i always started long converations that lasted the whole classes but when i reilized we were talking about hiding bodies i got kinda worried.
i just gotta say that josh is spitting straight facts, he's really on the ball on this one.
One of the few videos on YouTube that can make a mere 6 minutes feel like 3 hours long
😂
Only Josh could watch this whole video... all the way to the end and still spread the message that stealing is bad.
I liked the part were they agreed with Josh
Sometimes I watch this video so I can have 6 minutes of people saying "I agree with Josh" so my feelings feel validated
I accidentally skipped back 10 seconds at one point and I barely noticed.
Josh is a genius. That's why he slimmed down so easily after Nickelodeon.
This is the longest 6 minutes of my life
For a second I thought the title said how middle class discussions went in school
I can’t believe I watched this whole video
I have spent 6 minutes of my useful time on this video where there are 4 people dressing up as more people saying something similar to “I agree with Josh.” And I am proud of what I have become and is proud of watching this
Oh my god it really just keeps going lmfao
Good job josh
Why did I just watch the whole thing?
I think that the number of students in the video greatly surpasses the number of students in an average middle school classroom
Why does your forehead piss me off so much?
Repeat stuff, repeat stuff repeat stuff, repeat stuff repeat stuff, repeat st-
why does he have so many students in his class
# Iagreewithjosh
How did you get my classes consent to record this?
POV: You're scrolling through the comments because they are still saying that stealing is bad
Idc. This video deserves an award
You got to hand it to Josh though
yo thanks guys
This was the longest 6 minutes of my life
This was the longest 6 minutes of my life, and I love it
Kids in the class discussion: stealing is wrong, homophobia is terrible, sexism is bad, racism is for losers and we all should care about suicide prevention  Kids outside class discussion: *peace was never an option*
The teacher seems to not care for a single answer, how insensitive
I think the kid at 2:13 had the potential to change the entire course of the video, but not this time...
3:05 Logan Paul at home:
Alternative title: People saying that they agree with Josh for 7 minutes
i haven’t ever heard so many versions of “i agree” in my entire life, and to be honest, it’s more enjoyable than i thought
I... I can't believed I finished this.
I agree with josh steeling is bad
But uhm..stealin is good..
Stealing is wrong. And bad. There should be a new, stronger word for stealing. Like badwrong, or badong. Yes, Stealing is badong. From this moment, I will stand for the opposite of stealing: gnodab.
Over six and a halve minutes of “oh yeah I agree with josh on stealing is bad”
This is literally when the teacher threatens to lower your participation grade.
Big class
I love how josh agreed with his own opinion
Being in 7th grade, can confirm this is accurate.
“The ceiling is bad” no one else noticed that?
Hmmmmmm this makes me feel a certain way that I don't like
STOP IT!!! PLEASE!!!
Guys,I think they agree with Josh...
Josh stole my pencil
This is was longest 6 minutes of my life
Alternate title: josh for 6 minutes
I just realized I’ve been watching this for 6 minutes. Thank you       I think
this is the best way to make the period pass by
I just watched a 6 minute video about people agreeing with Josh
So...at this point...you might as well make the video 100 minutes so that so it could at least be used as an effective method of torture.
fake. those kids aren't actually kids
This video isn’t long enough
i agree with josh
This is a college discussion board
I have to agree.
Yeah, i'm gonna have to agree with Josh on this one.
‘I agree with Josh that ceiling is bad’ I love auto captions
If you ask me, well I gotta concede that Josh's point was pretty well made. Stealing isn't good, definitely.
Reminds me of Elementary school.
i expected him to fix the chair and still sit backwards with his back facing him.
The Napoleon Dynamite outfit was killer 👌😂
My name is Josh, and this video makes me uneasy
How many times they said josh 👇🏻
I agree with Josh that, Stealing is bad
This is actually 6 minutes of people agreeing with josh
now the title says middle school, but as a college student this is still relevant
who said "dont sit in the chair like that"
It's exactly that except you forgot the 15 minutes of silence of no one going before someone begrudgingly speaks up.
I really don't know if anyone has counted how many times "josh" has been said, I couldn't find a comment on this, but it's 43 times.
Yeah, im gonna have to agree with josh as well, cause i think stealing is bad.
ngl i kinda agree with josh here
I agree with josh too    stealing is bad
3:13 I don’t like you.
Too little people agreeing.
Why did I sit through the entire thing
I agree with Josh
I just watched the whole thing confised
I really can agree with Josh on this one, I also think stealing is bad
How dare you not agree with jo- oh never mind
Back then my grades were bad because i hated repetition
I just watched 6.5 minutes of the same phrase
Conclusion: stealing is good.
Yes. Just Yes. Spot On.
everyone out here stealing what josh said
Luckily, my middle school was memey as fuck and I had the greatest time there.
the acting tho
6:03
I heard my name?
Plot twist, there all called Josh and bouncing off each other.
this hit's way to close to home right now
4:40 NO DONT REMIND ME OF REGULAR LIFE
That one guy looks like Napoleon dynamite
I liked the part were they agreed with josh
You all stole my time😂
Plato, Aristotle, Josh
In middle school nobody cares
This is a 6 1/2 minute video of people agreeing with each other.
I agree with josh
Umm how long did you spend Putting this together
I can't believe I watched the entirety of this...
This is long.
Honestly,
Did I really watch this whole thing      w o w
It really is just that, it’s just that the whole thing is that
Josh for president finally someone we can all agree with
Jeremy, David and Jerome didn’t say josh
when somebody says "take a seat" you go take that seat and tun away with it
I mean, honestly, I'm not too sure if anyone else said this, but Josh makes a really good point. I'd like to also say that stealing is, like, um, pretty bad...so, yeah..
Kinda sad how I’m a senior and this shit still happens unironically
Ive watched this at least 10 times and only just got the irony of them stealing Josh's answer of saying stealing is bad
Just an FYI, this still happens in medical school lol
I agree with josh😏
You hit everyone even the kids who talk at the same time also the kid wrongly sitting in there seat
That’s what i call sheeps
The only thing that could have made this better is if it went on for another 15 minutes
Longest 6 minutes of my life
I watched it all and at the end I thought it was something different then it turned right back around on me
2:03 that was kinda cool
You forgot the guy who leans back in his chair and may or may not fall
"bounce off" LOL that was my go to line.
Wow you made a funny
josh be spittin facts
This felt like 9 hours
I agree with Josh too
Trying to reach the 10 minute mark (almost there we believe in you)
I think stealing is bad
While they were saying stealing is bad I already took all of there wallets
this video is 6 minutes long.
And yes I watched all of it
OH MY GOD why is this so accurate everyones trying to dodge questions
I’m now imagining Gus saying “Uhuh” and pointing at a wall about 20 million times
This oddly gets both funnier and more frustrating as it goes on
Discussion on forums in online classes be like
3:03 ooooh we have a slightly different opinion, that one was real juicy right there 6:06 look at that another deserter, oh wait, nvm
Me who stole broken of pieces of the wall because my friends broke it:  Everyone here: Stealing is bad.  Me: WELL IF THEY FIND OUT MY FRIENDS ARENT GETTING IN TROUBLE SO I AM WILLING TO TAKE THE RISK
I just watched all of this I don’t know why
i was the kid that took the opposite view, regardless of my actual views
Stealing is not wrong
I think I’m convinced now, stealing seems pretty good, thanks Josh! 😀
Plot twist: Josh’s dad is in prison
Forget middle school, this is high school and college also!!
THERE IS NO WAY INJUSR WATCHED THE ENTIRE 6 MINS FOR THAT FUCK ME
6 minutes of “Stealing is bad” I love it
Alot of school members
They said the name Josh 45 times
Who says that's a middle school thing? Us lazyasses do that in uni sometimes when debating.
why did i watch this
I can't tell whether the joke is that teachers always give prompts with obvious answers in discussion tasks, or that everyone in the class always agrees with the first person which does or says something. Doesn't help that both were true with my experiences
1000 ways to word a sentence
Pain.
i just wanna say stealing is wrong
why did I watch this entire video...
This is funny until the teacher says why
made it to the half of the video, bye now :D
yea it still goes like this, and in college too sadly
This reminds me of one discussion in 6th grade when we talked about teeth for half the class
I don't know if I like this.
I would get kick out of class for saying something controversial.
I’m starting to think that stealing might be bad
You are the real legends if you didn't skip to the end of this video
I dont agree with Josh
How much students are in this class lmao
Imagine josh as a president, I would be in the Josh’s side
Too anybody who watched the enjoyed video. 🙃
Yea Josh stole my answer
6 and a half minutes of pure agony
Perfection 👌
I would like to play devils advocate for a second
All the replies to comments are basically a repeat of the video, lol
you gotta throw in 3 or 4 students throughout the "discussion" that weren't paying attention, so the teacher calls on them, and then all of them do that slightly embarrassed laugh while saying "sorry what was the question"  but they do it one after another, meaning they weren't paying attention to the other kid who got exposed, causing a chain reaction of kids getting embarrassed in front of the class
I could tell the teacher was just waiting for someone to disagree with Josh so he would just hear something different lmao
Their teeth genes is strong
I think Josh is in the right now, buut i do  t-think that stealing is bad.
God damnit watched the whole thing
Vote for Pedro.
In liked the part when they said josh
my god how long does this last
Alternative title: "6 minutes and 38 seconds of agreeing with Josh"
this is funny but I'm wondering how many classmates are in this class
My favorite part is when he says Josh
YouTube  Comments edition: I think stealing is bad...  EDIT: COMMENTS THIS WAS A JOKE CHILL OUT!!
After about 20 seconds, it got funny. And then, at about 0:30, I started wondering when it would end.
6:05 :0
This class has a world record for the most students in it
Josh had a pretty good point, i think
👁️--_--👁️
This whole video is just them dressing up in different clothes and saying the same thing
Why did I listen to this for 6 minutes
Me and all the homies agree with Josh
Anyone else get Whitest kids we know vibes
I think I’m gonna have to side with Josh on this one.
wtf i know stealing is bad but why do i need to hear this for a thousand time[BTW I WAS AN UNCOMMON CHILED IN HIGH SCHOOL CUZ I WOULD ALWAYS DISAGREE ON EVERYTHING THAT MY FRIENDS SAYED YES TO]
why did i just watch 6 and a half minutes of people saying stealing is bad?
Why did I watch this for 6 minutes 30 seconds
Wheres the overachiever that would point out the situations in which stealing would become necessary for survival or in which stealing happens on a daily basis on a large scale -
Why is this so accurate. How many kids are in this class?!
For those of you who think this is going somewhere, its not.
why did this go on for 6mins
How the fuck did you get this to be an almost 7 minute video.
Josh...youre a genius.
We need a 10 hour version
If I had a nickel for every time they said "Josh" I'd have Jeff Bezos working for me
Can someone tell me who Mop Top and the girl are? I loved them, if they have youtube channels I'd definitely check them out!!
6 and a half fucking minutes of this, im so glad they have the time and patience for this
E
Your forgot about the part where the teacher says that Josh is actually wrong
I can't believe this is still accurate in college I hate this aohdjdjdj
We lost many a brain cell that day
I wonder what was happening when they were filming it’s like playing dress up.
Plot twist: there all named josh
fuck the patriarchy, unless it's a small business locally run by real, not fake, family members. Maybe franchises too but... idk
wait wait wait no, hold on sorry, me and my sister were just talking about the hit film Lying and Stealing from 2019. My actual thoughts on this are that stealing may be bad sometimes
wait no sorry, that was a joke... with one of my friends we were just talking about breaking bad... I just wanted to say... uh... I think stealing is um... bad
stealing bad
As someone named Josh, I haven't heard Josh so much.
Best 6 minutes of my life. Listening to people agreeing with Josh.
I agree with Josh. I think stealing is bad.
if only twitter communists were here
If I had a dollar for every time they said josh I would have like 8mill bye now
i disagree with Josh. 😼
Josh right ngl
These are pretty accurate 😂
1:55 *connection almost impossible*
God bless!
HOW MANY KIDS ARE IN THIS CLASS
Honestly, in Middle School I remember having this exact Socratic session
I think I agree with Josh on this he made a really go point so ya
Why have I watched this twice now?
I like the part when Gus's character agreed with josh
I dont know about you guys think but I agree with Josh in saying stealing is bad
yes, HOWEVER you can't forget that one kid who "played devils advocate" just a little *too* well
2 minutes in I looked at the time expecting it to end within the next 50 seconds at most I-
I don't wanna seem like I'm copying Josh, but I also think stealing is bad
Josh has the high ground now, and you don't mess w high ground
when you buy a bunch of new clothes but the government is easy to manipulate
So which one is Josh? Confusion.
Who cares about stealing? All that matters is being fully clothed.
Plot twist: everyone in the class is named josh
1 says something and everyone is just: yeah...
can confirm this happens
this bit went on for 6 minutes Jesus
6 minutes of people agreeing with josh
Is that gus’ sister as well, or no? Is it just his brother in this video.
This reminds me more of college than middle school.
That’s a big class
This were the longest 6 minutes of my life
stealing is awsome i have an intire collection of dead grandmas that i stole from the graveyard
Hell no . I'm dead
I’m trying to calculate how many brain cells watching this cost me but I don’t have any left to see how many I lost
i think that josh is right with this one
he could have had a guy stealing the teacher's stuff in the background, it was a missed opportunity
those kids are so brave
Why did I watch the whole thing. But I at least know that stealing is bad
6 minutes of stealing is wrong
its just this for 6 minutes
Ya to pigy back off of what Josh said stealing is bad
I also agree stealing is bad.
0:29 sounded like he said “the ceiling is bad”
there are 3 constants in life: time life and death *i agree with josh on this one*
I agree with josh
Fuck. Just wasted 6 mins of my life
The process of making this video probably was something like this "ok, so how many T-Shirts do we have? About 73? Oh, great! That should do for a 6 minutes video!" :D
This video feels longer than most of my classes were in middle school
Okok so imma just say what some of us are thinking...why the actual f**k did I sit through this whole video
Guys I think they hate stealing
I agree with Josh😊
that was 6 and a half minutes i will never get back lol
I don’t even have that many kids in my class
Yes I agree with Josh
I heard the start then I looked at the time on the video
I personally agree with this video.
I would also agree with Gus on this one. I think this is how class discussions went in middle school.
I just watched 6 minutes of people saying they agree with josh and I’m not sure how to feel about that
3000 kids in one class. And they all are similar
The online class's mandatory discussion
It’s a 6 minute video of people saying the name josh and I love it
Josh
All of these videos are true
Reeeeeee
i rlly want this to happen during one of our little “circle times” during advisory
this video feels like its an hour long
4:58 shrute farms lmao
I think I might be the first real person that doesn't agree with Josh        you know what I was wrong you know what I agree with Josh
i agree with josh, stealing is bad.
"How many characters should we have?" "Well, how many shirts do we own combined?"
there is like 22,000 kids in this class
I am a middle schooler and this is exactly how every discussion goes
Remember it’s only illegal if u get caught so it’s only bad if u get caught
Teacher is timmy, Josh is trevor, Jimmy is Sam, msu basketball is zach, the girl is also timmy, the stealing is bad guy is Darren
6 minutes of my life, gone
I think the kid with blonde hair and the vote for Pedro shirt was supposed to be napoleon dynamite lmao
This went on for so long I forgot what josh said.
This so too accurate every one just wanted to leave and it was always stuffy in the classroom
If you turn on captions, it says: “Ceiling is bad”  *FLOOR GANG*
Jesus, this is a big middle school class
Stealing bad
This is legit still how it goes on zoom.
3:08 LITTERLY my 3rd grade teacher.  When my sister got in her class after she finally got rid of me she goes "oh god another naismith"
This is accurate
Stealing is bad? idk is not clear
Me at 2 and a half minutes in, Is there rlly 6 mins of this...
I felt it when he said stealing was bad.
i personally acknowledge alongside josh, filching is frightful
i will keep watching this vid till some one disagree.
twitter comment sections in a nutshell
As a middle schooler, this is correct
If you watch this all the way through you’re a josh
This is correct
I agree with Kevin.
Why did I watch this for 6 min 18 sec?
did i seriously just watch basically a loop of supporting josh for 6 minutes?
Hey guys I kinda know I’m late for this one but I would like to agree with josh on what he was saying. Stealing is wrong.
dang, josh got clout
I just sat here for 6 minutes listening to people saying they agree with josh
I remember this one time, 5 of my classmates had the same answers and the only difference is:  Biology  is the study of life Life is the study of biology The study of life is biology Biology is life and it's a study Life is biology and it's a study
All I learned from this is stealing is absolutely positively good!
for a second i though the video finished and looped but i didnt notice
The teacher casually just going through a existential crisis
Me when I realize it’s 6 minutes:0
I also agree with josh, when it comes to stealing I think it is bad he has my agreement
This goes for 6 minutes 😭😭😭
Yea full support for my man josh I completely agree stealing is bad
How many students are in this class?
Just 6minuted and 38secs of “stealing is bad”...
I agree with josh
now i can safely say that i watched a 6 minute long video that just tells you stealing is bad and this video is the literal equivalent to one of those toys were it says the same thing over and over again just this is 6 minute long video. YAY!
I got so happy when the last guy said he didn't agree then got sad when he said he did agree, I was sitting there for 6 minutes waiting for someone to not agree
Took me a minute to get it
Me when I cheat off my friend
This is weird because my name is Josh
"I don't like you" Sent me flying I love all his tiny comments 🤣🤣
6 mins allot of the same thing
plot twist: gus made this video to flex all of his different shirts and jackets
Stealing is bad...wrong....badong.
i agree with josh
GOS
Is there this many people in American schools in the uk we have 30
Why am I still watching this?
Anyone else watch the whole 6:38 just for him to say stealing is good?
This is inaccurate. Only a couple people would speak up, while the rest would just sit quietly
I literally watchted the whole thing to see if something else happens
dang these students are really good at staling
Who wanted this whole thing
I was expecting Josh to say he agreed with Josh.
What did I spend the last 7 minutes of my life on?
Love that there are zero follow up questions. That teacher is worth his weight in gold, folks.
The one thing you forgot is the three really annoying girls in the back talking up a storm
just so everyone knows " I AGREE WITH JOSH."
I heard Josh said stealing was bad I agree
I for one also agree with Josh and think that Stealing isn’t good!
I agree with Josh stealing is bad.
Does this seriously go on for like 7 minutes 😂
This video may have been funny had it only been 6 minutes 37 seconds shorter
He really got me watching this for 6 minutes
As someone who is in middle school, this is absolutely correct-
This is just the Johnson family showing us their wardrobes
I amazed at how entertained i was the whole time. This acting is too accurate, uncanny.
They are stealing my time
Which one is josh again?
I hate this
Josh is. So 🆒🆒
1:27 v o t e f o r p e d r o
can we talk about Thor's "drink apple juice because OJ will kill you" shirt
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
High key agree with josh on this one
Did anyone else completely forget what josh looked like?
I’ll have to agree with Josh on this one.
This was just 6 minutes long? It felt like a whole semester!
Idk if anyone’s ever been in a middle school honors LA class but that $hit is like a college course
Josh sitting there like: 👁👄👁
this has happened through kindergarten-middle school
Socratic seminars
You have to have some good friends to do that, for 6 minutes straight aswell
so up until 6:01 it was just agreeing with josh for
Uhh, yeah  so, in my opnion i think that stealing is bad so uhh, yeah uhh, i agree with Josh uhh, yeah... stealing is bad, uhh, yeah, thats it.
mm vote for mumbo merch
i agree with josh
This is so funny
bro there's always a devils advocate named William :/
This video felt like it was 20 minutes long
I agree with Josh.
Isn't this video infinite?
This is even better since my name is Josh, and this is exactly what happens in my school.
I agree with josh
How were ypu able to get this video from inside a real classroom? I didn't know they let people record in schools.
they are 35 students in a class...thats nice...(tell me if im wrong)
This was like my college lol
Jesus the COMMITMENT OF THIS FELLA GG
Alternative title : 6 minutes of agreeing with josh
I agree with josh
Why did I watch this whole thing
I don’t know why, but I feel like they don’t like stealing
I'm gonna have to agree with josh
To be honest I pulled this off in high school too
Epic
*  So,  does that apply to   sElections ?
I agree with Josh what he said was very wise
6 minutes and 38 seconds of agreeing with Josh
Josh is my idol
So... just one more time, what did Josh say about stealing?
Josh josh josh josh
As someone named Josh, this just felt like one big echo chamber
it really do be like that
I completely forgot what Josh looks like after a minute
This is the new Thomas sanders
Dude this is also like, freshman university discussions too
Me: i think it's almost done Me: looks "Time left: 4:32"
Yeah josh hit the nail on the head on this one
I’m starting to think stealing is bad
Josh is right stealing is bad,
So...                                                                  *Is stealing bad..?*
I liked the part where they said "stealing is bad."
HOW MANY KIDS ARE IN THIS CLASS!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!!?
6 minutes of people agreeing
To make this Gus had to point and say uh huh for like 5 minutes in various directions
If i may- i really believe stealing isnt the best so @josh really got the right idea here
Is this my university?
I could not be a middle school teacher. I'd fucking KMS lol
I agree with josh
josh is the man
the random noises are so fucking acurate
he made 6 minutes of people saying stealing is bad and made it entertaining
*hello*
Stealing is bad, mkay.
This video is over 6 mins?!?!?!
I agree with josh
This is also how public opinion about pretty much any topic goes.
Bringing back so many cringe memories...
I think our Gus ran out of friends :(
this is just six minutes of three people agreeing with someone on a subject
Bruh how big is that classroom
ive played this video, decided i have to take a shit, taken a shit, go back to my room and the video still isn't done
I have never heard the word josh this much ever
i feel this
i had these discussions last year in high school and sometimes i genuinely think im put into a secret special ed class
I agree with Josh stealing is bad
as a seventh grader I agree with josh
surprisingly this happened to me in all my schools
So like, it’s kinda what josh said, I think stealing is baf
This was highschool for me
Watching this during a Class Discussion on WebEx
is there like 200 students in that class?
Lol. I miss middle school. Enjoy it everyone who is still there.
With covid and social distancing, it was really irresponsible of Gus to cram like 30 kids in this classroom to film. smh
This went on so long
I'd have to disagree with josh
I cannot believe that I sat through the whole video.
im commenting because im bored of watching evryone agreeing EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
The dislikes are from people who don't agree with josh.
You steal 6 minutes of my life.
this is basically the entire YouTube community whenever they try to make political commentary
It’s so wired watching this during corona and not seeing the plexiglass on the desk.
My name is Josh and something like this happened to me
I never had group discussions, we were less than 8 people in my class
I don’t know why I watched the full 6 mins
Yeah I agree with ahhh.... Josh
Literally how every discussion goes in my school
This is exactly what happens
Who watched the whole vid
Did anyone else watch the entire thing
I survived until 3 minutes, then just skipped to the end of the video
I can’t believe I just watched that whole video
I like the part when they said "stealing is bad".
They all have the same lips
This was just an excuse for them to show off their clothes😂
I liked the part where they said stealing is bad
6 minutes and 36 seconds of agreeing with Josh
Pretty convincing
6 Straight minutes of “i agree with josh stealing bad” 🤣😂😂
I like the part where they said I agree with josh
I agree with josh here i do think stealing is bad
The word piggyback wasn’t used enough
How many kids are in the class bro 😂
I watched this 6 min for everyone saying i agree with josh
I sat. and listened. to the entire 6 minute video. and now “I aGrEe WiTh JoSh, StEaLiNg Is BaD” is going to be stuck on loop in my head for the rest of the day.
I love the fact this video goes on this long, because 6 minutes can feel like 6 days when this happens
That's a weird class everyone looks like the same 4 people
I agree with josh
I really sat through this whole video
how fucking far can you stretch this damn video
Your forgetting the kid who plays devils advocate
This is how my class use to act
This goes on forever in high school
6 minutes of, "I agree with Josh, stealing is bad"
I'm gonna count how many time they say josh  43 I counted I lost track halfway through
Did anyone count how many times they said I agree with Josh?
first garbage on this channel
Tbh in moral debates I would tell the teacher that it dosent make much sense because we knew what others would say and didnt want to be the one morally wrong or the odd one, after that everyone would just look at me like wtf is he saying
How many students are in this class omfg
6 minutes of agreing with josh
got to love the detection to do this for 6 in a half minuets
i agree with what the most top comment said  pretty funny.  yep.    can i go now
I just watched 6 minutes of people saying the same thing over and over again I've officially gone insane
About stealing I agree with Josh, I think it's realy bad, but thats my opinion.
I like the part where they agree with josh
I can’t believe that this goes on for six minutes
6:35 of  people agreeing with "josh" that stealing is bad and 3 seconds of an outro
I think josh is right on the money with his awnser i think
Moral of the story: Josh is right, stealing is bad
Now, I'm going out on a limb here, but I kinda agree with Josh on this one
How many people are in this class???
I thought some of them said ceillings bad
I’m the asshole that throws in “well what if stealing is necessary for survival?” And watch the class struggle to add anything
I wanna see the uncut recording of Gus teacher.
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
This is hard to watch but I can’t stop watching it
Thank you for all agreeing with me
Stealing is bad (not clickbate) 3AM scary chalange gone wrong gone shrekshuall he acctually came and awnsered the call!!!!!!!😱😨😰😨😱😨😨🤮🤢😴🤯🤯😳😦😳😦🤯😮😳😯🥵😧😤😮😨😧🤯🤤🤯😴😥🤯😮😰😴😳😪
3:12
How many people are in this class
I don’t know who josh is anymore
Anyone else watch this so they know how middles school really is cus they can’t go?
Rip the teacher
I agree with Joshua
“I think stealings wrong”
How many times did they say josh
My favorite part was when they said,                                  I agree with Josh
Let’s cut to the chase, josh is right
Yeah they pretty much nailed this one
The longest 6 minutes and 38 seconds of my life. 9/10 sketch
Anyone else here that you say ceiling the entire time rather than stealing? No? Just me?
Every Asian teacher will scream at you if you did this in school
HOW MANY PEOPLE ARE IN THIS ROOM
I just watched 6 minutes of 4 different people saying the same thing over and over again
if this was online school ABSOLUTELY NO ONE answers the teacher. The teacher has to call on people every time and only half of the people that she calls on ends up respond and another 1/4 are exteremly laggy and no one understands what the actual hell they said
The whole I agree thing happens even in highschool... at least if I get to be on the same side I try to add on to what they said something, it does also happen the “I was going to say that” but any way... It is really annoying when all that happens cause man it is boring, thankfully I am of the first to say their opinion I usually am not like “i agree” all the time, also I usually am the controversial one sometimes... so yeah that sparks a lot of debates in the discussion
Props to Josh man!!!
Stealing is goodn't
Send this to someone to waste 6 minutes of there life and unfriend you in anger!! So easy!
Yeah and I think stealing is bad so I agree with josh and well, yeah
I'm going to have to disagree Josh
HOW MANY KIDS ARE IN THIS CLASS
The kid on 4:50 popped a Star Wars reference.
We need a extended version for sure.
I would like to add on that i do not agree with stealing and i concur with josh
Why did I watch this entire thing its basically a one minute video on loop
I like how this goes on for a full 6 minutes
It was funny at first, it wasn’t after the first minute
This goes on for 6 minutes
I swear if I hear anyone say that stealing is bad I will go crazy.
*did they mention they agree with josh?*
I just wanna say I agree with josh , stealing is bad
hahaha
Is it just me or were those students kind of similar
This is just 6 minutes of people saying that stealing is bad
This is just them showing off their shirt collection
Hold up this goes on for 6 minutes
Me, the quiet kid: *I dont APPROVE of stealing, but- I think you should have a little fun-*
I like the bit when "stealing is bad"
Can’t believe I watched the whole thing
I WATCHED THE WHOLE THING THINKING SOMETHING WOULD CHANGE. STILL WASN'T DISAPPOINTING THOUGH>
wow 6 min of just......pretty much what josh sead
The fact that’s this is still entertaining is a testimony to the skill of these artists
That dude with the infinite sitcom t-shirts
guys why did youtube accept this?
Thor's shirt at 2:55 is one of the best shirts ever made.
If I was in that class I would just look at the teacher and be like well it's free what was I supposed to do
I'm not with josh
Yeah I agree with josh
i watched this entire fucking video
This bit goes on for quite a while, but one thing I can agree with is what Josh said on how stealing is bad.
I liked the part where they agreed what Josh said
Yes you just watched 6 minutes of that.
Teacher: No, I dont like you
How many people are in that classroom?
Well that are 6 minutes that I'm never getting back from my life
How many kids are in this class
I agree with Josh
I agree with josh, stealing is bad.
Personally great use of my time
Did I just watch 6 minutes about agreeing with josh
I was asleep what did josh say?
Fuckin’ Josh
I can't believe I stayed for the whole fucking video
Was waiting on someone to disagree XD
I was waiting for somebody to say "... I fucking love stealing
Why is this exactly what happens
also, i agree with josh
this goes on for some time
Bro how many damn students are in this class😂😂😂
Its funny how they maneged to say "Stealing is bad" 40 times LOL
i agree with josh that stealing is uhm bad and uh wrong
How many students are in that class?😂
Sadly, this is accurate
I think stealing is wrong  I agree Josh. Stealing is wrong  Yeah just to bounce of what Josh said, I think stealing is wrong  6 and a half minutes later  Josh: wait you guys STOLE MY IDEA!
Yes i agree with josh
So i wanted to confess that i aa....i stole Josh's pen
6 minute vid just saying i agree with josh never used my time better
6 minutes, gone.....Why am I still here?
Omg this gives me major flashbacks, and it doesn't hurt that everyone i went to middle school with looked and sounded like sven
I think we can all definitely agree with josh for this one.
This goes on for 6 fucking minutes.      I loved every minute of it.
this is basiclly 3 people sitting on chairs saying that  stealing is bad and i fucking love it
I just watched 6 minutes of 3 or 4 people in different clothes agreeing with Josh about stealing.   Btw, I really agree with Josh on this one.
It's just 6 minutes strait of people saying stealing is bad and there are waaaaay too many people for a single classroom
Guys I think stealing is bad
This is so accurate
This is exactly how mid school discussions are
“6 m i n u t e s  a n d  3 8  s e c o n d s”
Is that a  Vote for Pedro shirt
I disagree, there's a lot of opportunity in this area 😂🙌
My elementary school discussions in a nutshell
wich one was josh again
it would have been funny if it was a Hour long
I need to know the audience retention for this video
2 FUCKING YEARS LATER
My daughter's class is basically this same thing with a topic like this. She's in third grade btw.
How did this man do this for 6 minutes, with different clothes, and somehow making different sentences and statements for each one.
Stealing is bad
When your the only one who did any work and you have to talk about what your group did.
Man the ceiling must be really bad, for them to keep on mentioning it! XD
they all start by saying “yeah”
How many people are in that class
This is a full 6 minutes of bullshit
The guy that said it twice
I agree with Josh, stealing is bad.
So I take it from this video that stealing is bad
I was expecting it to be 2 minutes and just end with that one kid saying I love stealing
The longest six and a half minutes of my life. How did I ever get through middle school?
Just to add on to what Josh said I think stealing is pretty not cool
I like the part where they agree with josh
I just watched 6 minutes of Josh
Again with what josh had quoted, I might have to agree with josh.
i'm just surprised there are so many students in the class
everyone gangster until someone disagrees with josh
No one: Absolutely no one: That one kid: “jUsT tO pLAy DeViL’s ADVocAte....”
People agreeing with Josh for 6 minutes straight
I just realized this is 6 minutes long
The ratio of boys to girls in this class is very inaccurate. You should correct this immediately
This is the longest 6 minute video you'll ever watch
0:18 sameee
Not really its just complete silenice at my school
I used 6 minutes of my life on this? Time well spent
):  its even more boring on zoom
How everybody looks so focused is way to accurate
Fucking josh
Fuck i got flash backs of skcool
Not going to lie, this made me think about university and some of the seminars that I had to be part of. Just a bunch of people saying the same thing or saying they agree....
i still dont have an opinion on stealing.
VOTE FOR PEDRO OH MY GOD
Did I really just watch the full 6 minutes of this
Why is it so long lol I love it they're just saying that same thing over and over and over LMAO
Plot twist: all of them are named josh
3 months later they still are discussing about josh
As a fellow josh this makes me feel goid
What's their opinion about stealing though?
teacher: Class,today we will discuss a fun topic! Video games.Please send  your opinion and do not be afraid to have constructive criticism.Respect each others opinions.   Entire class:they be bad lollllllllllllllllllllll their minds:HAHA COD 3AM I CANT SLEEP ON 20 GALLONS OF CAFFEINE LOOKING AT ANIME IN THE BACKGROUND NOSCOPE XDDDD TRASH EZ EZ-
i dont know man but i do think stealing is bad
I need a 10 hours version
i hate this is so true
I agree with josh
Accurate and I’m from 7th grade
It’s kinda like what josh said...
Yeah, I agree with Josh, he said it perfectly when he said that stealing was bad
Did anyone else notice that some of the students clothes changed like every time they switched from one character to another? 😂
This is just online class discussions
0:41 I thought Josh was agreeing with josh
HOW THE HELL DID YIU DRAG THIS ON FOR 6 MINUTES
its true lol
I also agree with Josh, he had a really good point
This is almost accurate... Add like 10 more minutes and you got it
U forgot the kid who contradicts everyone and says “uh actually stealing good” and thinks they’re the funniest kid ever (I was that kid, and I’m very ashamed)
I am going to have to disagree with Josh on the grounds that I think he is a butt head.
The fact this goes on for six minutes us the punchline.
They could of used the same clip twice and I wouldn’t notice.
ima have to agree with josh on this one
this is so inaccurate there were only ever 10 max people willing to talk
F in chat for those who watched all the way through .
Why do I relate to this
How many people are in this damn class
That is EXACTLY what my class does ngl.
My favorite part was when they said stealing is bad
When any YouTuber makes a hardcore Minecraft series, “I agree with Luk thenotable”
6 min of josh is right looooooool
I like the part where they agreed with Josh
How many students are in this class? If anyone went out of their way to count plz tell me
holy shit
Personally i would say that Josh is just build diffrent 🥵🥵🥵😡😡🥶🥶🥶🥶😤😤😤😤😤😤🥵
Was I the only one stupid enough to watch through every second of this?
HOW MANY PEAPLE ARE IN THIS CLASS
This is six minutes. Wow
By the end of the video I forgot what josh looked like
6 minutes
That one kid in the back that says                ɪ ʟɪᴋᴇ sᴛᴇᴀʟɪɴɢ.
Josh has my full support
I watch this whole video and it felt like an whole fucking houre, i was just looking for that one guy to disagree
Feel sorry for Josh, can’t believe nobody agreed with him
I could totally image Gus ending up as a middle school English teacher
Waiting for someone to say "Piggybacking off of what Josh said."
Me: oh yeah stealing is bad Also me: *stealthy puts pot of rubbers in my bag* Also also me: *sneaks new packs of pens and highlighters in my bag*
I'll agree with Josh too
I would be the guy that says stealing is good and try to convince everyone how good it is and probably succeed as well a little.
I liked the bit where they brought up josh
Well said
I think that josh may have said the right thing because I believe what josh said was pretty correct so I think what josh says which was what I think and what josh said was that stealing was bad so I and josh agree what I said which was that stealing was bad and also what josh said that stealing was bad so my thoughts are that stealing was bad because josh said it but also because I think stealing was bad even though he said what I was gonna say so basically I believe what josh said which was that stealing was bad but I also said that but so did he so I am going to so my answer is that stealing is bad because well its bad which josh said but I also was gonna say it so we might have similar thoughts on that stealing is bad so my final point is that I believe that stealing is bad which josh also said but I don't want to copy josh so I'm gonna say that stealing is really bad which is kind of what josh said but not entirely so that was my answer which was kind of like josh's one but not entirely
THIS GOES FOR 6 MINUTES
stealing is wrong
the dislikes are from people who don't agree with josh
There's always that kid who overcomplicates his statements to sound as if he's more smart than everyone else, per say, regardless of the fact that his overall claim is allegedly pretty simple.
For me it depends on the conditions. But is it sad that I remeber all the diffrent shirts and that they had a cycle and repeated a few times
I like to imagine there are the same people in class and the teacher has dementia
Fake. Not this many kids would actually raise their hands.
When you realize josh has been agreeing with himself: *hol’ up*
Accurate
This was the longest 6 minutes and 38 seconds of my life.
This is the most relatable thing in the effing world bro
4 people 1 phrase 6 minutes  How
Too real
they stole from josh
Did you notice that everyone that playing in this video are green eyed. Thats why they all agree with the same idea. Same eye colour: Same idea.
6 minutes of this stealing must be terrible
Oh my god this was literally every CCD class in middle school
"Well i mean in some situations.." **gets fucking shot**
You forgot the kid that would say something like “well in certain circumstances (x) is technically (opposite opinion)......(goes on a 10 - 20 minute monologue)....” and then the rest of the class is like “bro da heck?”
Longest 6 minutes of my life
This is so awkward but accurate
Josh is stealing his own answer
Did I just watch 6 min of people agreeing with josh
" I agree with Josh."
yes, I also agree with josh. steeling is bad ;-;
Dead ass my class had a discussion about lying
Josh genuinely did make a good point though.
I spent 7 mins of my life
shoutouts to the fellas who watched all of it
I cannot believe I watched the whole thing 😂 actually I can. And I agree with josh
Yeah I josh I is right
I’m disappointed no one’s talking about the vote for Pedro shirt
I like the part where they agree with Josh
Not just middle school, but elementary and high school too.
It's amazing how long this goes on😅
Hey so josh is right I think stealing is bad
this is fucking 6mins of my life gone
i dindnt have that ny people in my class
"Well, Stealing Is An Unjust Act Of Human Cruelty Where One Individual Confiscates The Possessions Of Another Without Consensual Agreement." - What I Said Immediately When I Clicked On This Video. i'M sO QuiRkY lOL
Dont know if it's just me but hearing and seeing professor Gus pick people is very cathartic and satisfying for me
I agree with Josh
"wEll tO PLaY DeviL'S AdVocAtE"
This video says: Child's think is very important. And... the middle school teachers are jerk. -Francesco, an italian guy like lots. 🇮🇹
İ waisted 6 minutes of my life for this
It’s a class full of twins
YouTube Algorithm: To be good, videos must be over 10 minutes in length. Gus Johnson: Hold my beer
Alternate title:Gus’ friends say ‘stealing is wrong for 6 minutes’
that was probably the best 6 minutes of my life
i love ho i just watched 6 mins and 38 seconds of people saying that stealing is bad
I'm gonna have to agree with Josh on this one.
I'm in middle school and this is 110% accurate
VOTE. FOR. PEDRO!!!!!!
What type of butterfly effect is this?
At my middle school it was just a bunch of arguing and there was that one kid who said the most random and controversial thing and it got really personal and racist real fast
6:38 secs of straight cancer
why do i watched this whitout skipping any part
THIS GOES ON FOR 6 MINUTES
Anyone actually watched the whole video... without skipping to see if it actually went on for 6:38 minutes?
welcome back from the break, up next is 6 minutes straight of saying stealing is bad
Wasted 6 min of my day
Why did I watched that all the way
Stealing is NOT wrong.
This is so accurate for middle school
Why did I watch all of this. Clearly I have way to much time on my hands
Stealing is wrong except when it's from multi billion dollar companies 👍
So I am here at 2:00 am and I just realized that this video is 6:00 minutes long lol
There is absolutely no reason for this video to be as long as it is
You don’t have to nail these, ya know, it’s okay to be NOT SPOT ON WITH ALL YOUR STEREOTYPES!!!!
Bro Josh should win an oscar
That was a real twist there at the end. I’m glad I sat through this. I agree with Josh.
Why does this sound like an online college discussion board? Literally nothing changed.
I disagree with josh
To be honest josh made an excellent point and I totally agree with him
its acutally so good omg
I guess I said something right for once
wow he captured the look of middle schoolers perfectly
6 minutes of agreeing with Josh
6 mins wasted watching people say i agree with josh
I like how they all stole joshes answer
Them agreeing with josh:stealing is bad  Me:its borrowing if you give it back eventually
That one kid:     Wether stealing is bad or not is not a simple question, it depends on the scenario and circumstances and the  environment, the morality of a person cannot be interpreted solely as right or wrong ...........
This was really funny but like... it was really drug out.
Is it bad that my high school discussions went like this?
1:32 never thought I’d see Napoleon Dynamite on the channel
School name? Super interested in attending.
Who watched the hole thing? 🤣
How is there six minutes of this and not one “I was just stretching joke@
I for one agree with Josh
I’m going to be that one person and say...        I LIKE THAT PART WHEN HE SAID “JOSH”
I also agree with Josh
Welp, I don’t think I’m gonna steal now
Synonymia is wonderful
I’m trying to think on what I did in my life that lead me here to watch a 6 minute video of people agreeing with Josh.
I also have to say that I agree With Josh that stealing is bad.
Guys I'm not sure.. is stealing bad or not
1:30 this guy looks like nishio from Tokyo ghoul look it up
I bet all of them said that stealing is bad is because he was gonna send them to the principals office XD
As a middle schooler I can agree this is how it goes
I agree with Josh on this one because I uh I think stealing is bad
As a 7th grader, this couldn't be more true.
Holy... this is SIX MINUTES long?
HOW MANY KIDS ARE IN THIS CLASS!?!?!
I’m gonna have to agree with josh in this situation
I just wanna know how many people are in this class.
Did I actually just watch 6 minutes and 38 seconds of people agreeing with a middle school kid.
I think we can all agree with Josh that stealing is bad.
canvas
I think Josh is right on this one.
i dont think there are that many people in a class
They all think stealing is bad yet they steal eachothers answer :p
best 6 mins and 30 seconds of my life
My favorite part was when he said: “stealing is bad”
How many kids are in the class!!!😱
such a small channel, but so many actors. impressed
OK I think that josh made a really good point when he said that stealing was wrong.
So a super cool Seinfeld shirt and 6 full minutes of josh bein right about stealing.   Hmmm.
And then they started the Cult of Josh.
I hate how accurate this is
your hair looks like the outside of a coconut
man has a considerable amount of clothes to change to
So I'm guessing we all agree with josh right????
Hey guys just to put my opinion in I really think stealing is , you know it's pretty ... bad
I like the vote pedro t-shirt
Welcome to another episode of The Classroom with 200 students
Voicing your opinion in school is like Russian rulett. You don’t know who may disagree
Bro how many people are in this class?
I can't believe I watched this entire fucking video
Josh with the hard carry right now
i know what happens but for some reason i keep clicking the video
This comment section is the whole ‘the class is stealing Josh’s ideas joke’
“Josh said what I was gonna say” In any class discussion, this always comes up
youtubers be like
You know, this is kinda what josh said... but not really, only a little bit, but I believe, that stealing is wrong.
I want a refund of my 6:38 minutes that I have watched
I think that they agree with josh that stealing is not a very good thing to chose to do in life, I mean, who would like to steal, it is bad
Title should be 6 minutes of I agree with Josh
i hate how accurate this is
Why is there so many people in this class?
Oh yeah I also agree with josh I think stealing is not good because it’s bad
I think im going to have to agree with josh on this one
You forgot the 2 crucial people in every school debate, the contrarian who just likes to argue, and the person that literally cant make his mind up about anything
Omg your so right
Honestly, I thought Josh made a good point when he said "this video is a banger".
This just gos on for 6 minutes and 38 seconds
Yah I must agree with josh that uh stealing is bad
What did I just spend 6 and a half minutes watching
I remember I always put my hand up, confident in my answer, and then the moment I was picked my brain would shut off and I wouldn't know what to say
How many twins and doors are therr?
This is so accurate, I can't- 😂😂😂
I can’t believe we spent full class periods on this
Nobody talking bout the vote for Pedro shirt cmon Tina ya fat lard
“I don’t like you”     My favorite part
Wait is stealing bad? These kids are making no sense
That’s one big ass class
This shit went on for 6 minutes
Imagine having the honour of having the entire class agree with a comment you made
You forgot the "can I go to the toilet" one
This video should have been cold I agree with Josh
Once the smart kid says the answer evreyone else repeats the EXACT same thing in a slightly different way.
Thor needs his own YT channel he's always fantastic in his bros vids ;)
Anybody count how many different shirts are worn in this video
Ha ha funny I want my 6 minutes and 32 seconds of my life back.
Whos the meth mouth chick?
You know, I think I’m gonna go ahead and agree with josh
Fuck that, I think stealing is great 👍
How is this video 6 and a half minutes long?
Well is stealing bad  Well it all depends in what context if your stealing money from a murderer is that right  well your in the wrong he did the punishment for the crime but if a your stealing from a person who is making a biohazard weapon it's the right thing to do get 10 like and I will do another explanation
did i just watch the whole thing yes
I just watched 6 minutes of people saying "Like what Josh said, Stealing is bad."
as a middle schooler your definatly right
I've gotta say, this josh guy, he's going places
Stealing is bad         Unless you get away with it
Not in MY school
As a middle school student currently, I can relate
how many people are in this fucking class
the amount of clothes you will have to bring back
You just watched a 6 and a half long video of three people saying josh is correct
I too agree with Josh that stealing is bad
Mind numbing that I made it to the end
This entire video is just showing off tshirts
"But like"
Yeah I feel like Josh had a really good opinion on the matter.
So true lol
I just watched 7 minutes of people agreeing with Josh, which if I could just say that Josh... uh.. kinda got it right when he said that
Christ this is like 8 years long
why was there not a i agree with josh counter
Mans had like 83 students in his class
“Ceiling is bad.”
Was this in a Sunday School classroom?
The longest 6 minutes of my life
My question is how many students are in this class. 50 , 60, mabey 70
Funny thing is, they all were technically stealing Josh's opinion.
I agree with jonh on that
I was waiting for someone to say stealing was good
Bruh
Geez is this seriously just 6 and a half minutes of people saying they agree with Josh??
you forgot “I would like to add on to it”
Honestly, I think I agree with Josh as well
I fall asleep to this every night
Alternative title: ‘6 minutes and 38 seconds of agreeing with Josh’
Yeah tbh I agree with josh, stealing is bad
*in a nutshell
Oh
About the only Gus video that felt like it was dragging on, had to skip to the end.
Stealing is actually okay, I changed my mind -Josh
It’s like watching a whole fucking movie
Unpopular opinion: stealing is wrong
Stealing is bad...ass
i waited 6 minutes for someone to finally disagree with josh
Ceiling is bad.
HOW MANY KIDS ARE IN THIS FUCKING CLASS
this video made me run out of patience lmao
Think of how many shirts they bought for this video
Clickbait you tubers trying to extend their time for another 30 minutes be like.
this was the longest 6 and a half minutes of my life
So true
I like the part where they disagree with Josh
exectly i was counting how many students were in the class.. hats off to the creator what i got is stlng is bad lolz
Did I seriously just watch a 6 minute long video of people just say “I agree with Josh, ceiling is bad” 🤣🤣🤣
How many kids are in this class
If it’s a chain, it’s free reign 😋🙏‼️💯
This felt like the longest video ever
That's a big class
Yeah I agree with josh.
Ya know I agree with Josh , his analysis on the moral repercussions of stealing and that the fact he said it was and I quote was bad was not only right but it really spoke to me and ya know it just brings me joy to see someone who has such a strong moral compass to note that stealing contrary to popular belief is indeed bad and for that Ima have to Side with Josh here so uh yeah stealing is bad
Why did I fully watch this I was waiting for a punch line.
This vid is cursed you don't want to skip or don't watch it to the end because there could be a plot twist or some like that
This is just my middle school experience.
Ohh I get it
I'm a senior college student and this is how 90% of my classmates are
How did you make this 6 minutes
I just wasted 6 and half seconds of my life and couldn't be happier.
What am I having a stroke or something?
How many students are in this class?
When the discussions didn’t go like this, it was one kid like Josh saying the most obvious answer, then a solid minute of silence before the teacher started calling on people
6 minutes of I agree with josh
This got to the point where when they said “frankly” I laughed because it’s another name and they were saying “josh” so much
From my experience, there was a lot of "I found it interesting that…" comments, especially in Spanish class, when that was all people could say. :D
Haha you just watched a man trying to be a 6th grader and a bunch of people say stealing is bad for 6 min     so did I
Anyone notice how many people are in this class??😂
Why did I watch until the end
Personally, I agree with Josh, and I think that stealing is wrong
How many students do you have?  Him: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1111 223432 34332345
In my opinion josh was right
You see... on zoom... it’s like this... but no one actually initiates a conversation or a discussion soo
Why is this video 6 minutes long....
This is the same thing for 6 minutes   And I like it
Wow I just watched 6 minutes of people saying that they agree with josh and stealing is bad
My name’s Josh. Stealing is bad.
Why is this 6 whole minutes long
I heard the ceiling is bad a few times.
Gus Johnson: So, what did you learn?  Nobody:  The whole class: Stealing is a no no
04:50 - Anyone else notice the t-shirt with "SHRUTE FARMS BEETS" on it has SCHRUTE spelled incorrectly?
Guys stealing is bad
But from this video I have found that I also have to agree with josh on this one
I want to rip my heart out
_I think that stealing is wrong._
I think I heard enough Josh and I dont want anyone mentioning that name to me for the rest of my life this was torture
Stealing is bad, mmkay
as a  5th grade dropout i do not know how accurate this is
Why is this so accurate?
WoW josh holy cow👁👄👁
You should say: I think that the taking of others personal belongings is very not good for the human to do because it can affect the way the delicate balance of earth and the criminal rates in the place you are living in.
Why did I sit through this whole video
The fact that this went on for 6 minutes 😭
Take a shot every time the word “Josh” is said     i’m kidding please don’t die
█   ▄▀█ █▀▀ █▀█ █▀▀ █▀▀   █░█░█ █ ▀█▀ █░█   ░░█ █▀█ █▀ █░█ █   █▀█ █▄█ █▀▄ ██▄ ██▄   ▀▄▀▄▀ █ ░█░ █▀█   █▄█ █▄█ ▄█ █▀█
If I hear the word “Josh” one more time...
I literally had to pause the video go to eBay and order one of those drink apple juice shirts immediately! Lol thank you for that!
Im halfway through the video is this the whole vid
you forgot the kid that asks to go to the bathroom every so often.
I think I’m gonna agree with Josh on this one so...
Yeah, that ceiling is really bad
And then you had my ass saying some shit like "the government steals all the time" and all the other 12 yr olds look at me like I'm crazy
As a middle schooler I can agree I’ve actually heard all of these sentences before this isn’t even a parody this is just the reality
Why did I watch this for 6 minutes
I actually agree with josh on this one
I think josh is right on this one and whoever says otherwise they can go burn in hell
Yo this video made me so mad but I love you so much that I stayed
Damn how many kids with mustaches are in this one class. And plot twist Josh is multi offense kid from juvie for stealing.
yeah i uh... uh... josh is... yeah i think stealing’s bad too
Stealing is bad is now engraved in my mind. Thank you
Honestly to be completely honest I think Josh hit the nail on the head so overall I think stealing is umm bad
No this is kindergarten
yeah... I was... I was just kinda gonna say what josh said, I mean stealing is pretty bad.
I just sat through 7 minutes of "I agree with Josh"
I sat through this entire video and feel a strange sense of pride from doing so.
Beginning: I thought it was almost over, but there's still five minutes left.. Middle: I forgot what Josh looked like in the first place and didn't that person already say something about agreeing with Josh??? End: I knew someone was gonna say they didn't agr-NOOOO
How to waste your time in under 7 minutes
And Highschool, I swear everyone's a moron
There goes 6 minutes of my life that I can never get back again..
God is way different when he was in the middle school back then
Yo there is definitely NOT that many kids in one middle school class
I love the fact that they somehow stretch this out to 6 minutes
How many kids are in this class
Man I feel so smart and awesome because of this you know since that's my name
6 minutes of kids calling stealing bad
This entire time I was just wondering how long this was gonna go on.
Why are there only 3 girls in this entire class
is this what america's like???
That is so true tho
How manny poeple ar in one klas
just a really nice t-shirt collection
Watched the whole thang
When the assignment says to explain "in your own words"
Why do yall change shirts?
I agree that Josh made a valid point by phrasing that stealing is bad
When you need 3 participation points before the week ends because participation is weighted as 30% of your total grade for some reason, and your other grades are all almost maxed.
A whole six minutes of saying "i agree with josh"
I can't stop watching
Sick
They could’ve started to replay the clips after the 5th one and i would not notice the difference
yo guys ima be honest..    I don’t agree with Josh
As a middle schooler, I basically agree with what Gus said, this is how middle school discussions work.
If my name was Josh, I would watch this everyday for motivation and affirmation.
I thought I was thirty minutes into the video, but it was at three minutes...
In my school the kids would disagree with each other on purpose to create a fake debate so we wouldn't have to do any class work. Worked like a charm
I was asked this same question in high school and I said "however wrong stealing may seem to some. And however wrong it may be under normal circumstances. Some times stealing is done out of necessity for ones/a families survival"..... Instantly kicked out of class lol 😂
I agree with josh
0:30 the ceiling over our heads is very bad.
OMG IT GOES ON AND ON IT NEVER STOOOOPSSSSSSS!!!!!!
Did anyone else notice the Shrute Farms Beets shirt at 5:09, I’m a huge office fan which is why I thought it was funny
Who actually watch the entire video without skipping
So true
How many doors are in that room
It’s so true
My lord, how many kids are in that class!
Who watched the whole video. Because I did.
Wow I just watched 6 and a half min of 4 people agreeing with josh
How the hell did he make this into a 6 minute video
you forgot the kid who disagrees with everyone else for sake of argument
This goes on exactly how you imagine it will. So buckly up.
How many kids are in this classroom?!?!?
and this went on for 6 minutes lmao
This is so true 🤣🤣🤣
this must be a cry for help
I just realised this goes for 6 ninutes
im glad you agree with me
I’m gonna have to agree with josh on this one
I just say "Same"
I agree with me.
3:13 I don’t like you...  Also, I think that they don’t agree with Josh.
I had to put so much frickin willpower into watching the entire video
Hitting a little close to home, here.   Watch it.
Stealing= no good
I think steeling is bad
Sadly this is what our discussions were like back in the day. There's a formula expressed even I'm the video: (insert obviously bad thing). Ok class what do we think about generic bad thing?
Yeah that's about correct
i like that the class discussion is what are your opinions on stealing but everyone stole josh opinion
As some who is middle school this is still the same
This is so true!
As an 8th grader, I can confirm that this is very accurate
This is the only acceptable joke that could go on this long
I left this video three days ago at 2 min. Saw it again and thought 'theres no way thats 6 min of Josh's answer'. Sure as fuck it is.
3:15 is that nirvana style merchant cuz if so I’m buying it
This goes on for so long and I *love it*
I'm glad someone finally agreed with Josh
After 6 minutes I was just wondering how many students does this class have
Theirs like 137 kids in that class
Josh is going to be in my dreams tonight...
6 min of agreeing with josh
How did he make this a 6:00 video
Most of Gus’ characters are a little too eloquent for this sketch 😂
How can a neck be as wide as your head...?
Did I just watch 6 minutes of people saying the same thing? Yes.
Is no one wondering how many doors are in this room? Like 20 different kids including josh, all sit in front of a door
Yeah this is quite a good school, kids actually put their hands up to answer questions, this is how it would've gone in my school: Teacher: So, what do we think of stealing? The class: (Silence) Teacher: Anyone? The class: (Still silent) Teacher: Come on guys The class: (all together now) stealing is bad (murmuring) The teacher: Louder! 5-10 pupils: Stealing is bad Teacher: OK now back to WW2  Yeah, I now realise how shit that is for the teachers... poor fools.
Get this... I think stealing                                                                                                     Is bad
I dont know why but I watched the whole thing without skipping it
It's true.
I have to agree with josh
This is 6 minutes of saying I agree with josh
Unpopular opinion but i think stealing is pretty bad
Is it bad I watched this three times
Best ceiling parts 0:27 and 5:50
Precisely correct.
*yeah when Josh said stealing was bad I totally agreed with him well under certain circumstances sometimes... now who am I kidding hahaha.. I agree with Josh totally 100%.*
I miss the edgy (racist) kid who somehow brings minorities and very specific situations into the discussion.
The quiet kid in the back: I like stealing
This was the best 6 minutes of my life
6 mins of my life
That guy with the long blonde hair had a shirt for Napoleon dynamite
I turned this into a drinking game. Every time I hear josh I took a shot. Whose with me
I just spent 6 minutes watching a video of people saying the same thing
Theatre kids discussing the performance quality of the latest school musical
Dang that’s a lotta students that have twins
When josh said stealing is bad, I felt that
Why are they saying stealing is bad while stealing Josh's answer
6 MINUTES LOLZ
99% YEA I AGREE WITH JOSH
i was the kid that said i agree with him after he said the answer
And this goes on     *for 6 minutes*
i skipped one minute and kinda thought the conversation wolud find an end. Nooope
So yeah, I also agree with Josh, that ceiling is bad. We should fix it!
How is this video so long
I liked it when they said stealing is wrong.
When there's a participation grade
Well said Josh, I also agree that stealing is bad
Player of the game: Josh
How dare you upload an entire class discussion without credit?!
It is a hole 6 minute video of them agreeing to "sTeaLingS baaDd" w/ 1.6 million views deserves a like and a sub
Imagine how great Josh feels right now. because everyone piggybacked off of his idea. Now don't get me wrong, Josh had the right idea from the get go, stealing is indeed incorrect, I am simply observing how much Josh's ego has grown due to his rightness.
i was about 2 minutes in before i looked at how long the video is
Its still like this in college just that everyone adds a little bit from the previous person :D
i cant stop watching
6:38 of josh
Yeah this is true not gonna lie.
This is so true
This felt longer than 6 and a half mins
This is six minutes
I dare one of you to count EVERY shirt shown in this video.
Josh, who happens to be an introvert who has used most of his power unit raising his hand, and is wondering how he should take to this new threat.
Ah, but did you know that I too, also agree with Josh that Steeling is bad.
Just imagine how many tshirts and jackets they all have
They are just STEALING Josh's comment
Like 👍 of you watched the whole thing😎
id like to put out that i agree with josh
Next President might be Josh  😂😂😂😂
When the teachers fishing for the answer to the question and everyone keep saying the wrong thing
is it just me or do the classmates look the same???
We all said this so class would just end
Then josh is sitting there like  🤚😊🤚
This is just saying I agree with josh
It’s just everyone agreeing with josh,  This is good content I need more
This man has a million students
But didn't they go through that in 5th grade? V.I.P?
This is the worst video in history delete it and I will subscribe!
Very informative,, I got the point 😁 thank you.
who is josh again?😃
Bruh this happens in college too😂
This is realistic
Bro this is how class discussions in college go
I am very pro josh
why did i watch this whole video cause i love him
Before anyone asks, yes “I have to agree with Josh” is the entire video.
If stealings bad then why are they stealing Josh's answer 🤔
This is literally everytime my teacher asks me something that was already well answered
When the Teacher Said I Dont Like you i felt that
The impression of the popular guys was like Josh you stole my idea so funny
How many kids are in this class??
This man really just said the same thing for over 6 minutes and yet I was entertained every second
Oh I get it, they are talking about stealing. But the "kids" are stealing there answers.
I think stealing is ok if it's to get back something that was stolen from you or someone you care about. Like how it's ok to steal from megacorporations like Amazon and Walmart cause they're stealing millions from our local communities and also not paying taxes despite getting subsidies with our taxes. It's basically reparations at that point.
Just as painful as it was back then
That was the longest six minutes of my life
Middle school?? This is my 10th grade honors English class 🤣
6 minutes of saying no
This is actually one good English lesson.
an hour of this is a perfect april fools vid
This was the longest 6 minutes of my life
jeez how many peaople are in this class
..mY dads name is josh 👀
How did "Yeah , I also believe what Josh said that stealing is bad ." go on for 6 minutes lol
My teacher used this video in a zoom class before we had a discussion and I was just laughing the whole time🤣🤣🤣
I watched through this entire thing mindlessly
I can’t believe that they also thought that stealing is bad cause I was gonna say that
Are we just gonna ignore how many times they changed clothes
should've ended with josh stealing something
Why is this so true
Stretch this out to 50 minutes and you’ve got my middle school social studies class
Everyone’s just trying to get points for participating
I'm gonna have to agree with Josh on this one. I think stealing is bad.
Is this video the exact same thing the entire time
As an 8th grader I can say I agree with josh
Hahahaha! He used my name in the skit.
6 minutes of people saying stealing is bad but to be honest I could not agree more with Josh
I agree with what Josh said too though
I'm surprised Gus didn't go the full 14 minutes so that he could get a few extra adds. Oh and thank you for half of this not be being about raid shadow legends.
There is around 34 or more people in that class.
LOL THE VOTE FOR PEDRO SHIRT
i just had a realisation, that they stole joshes answer
WHY IS THIS GOING ON FOR 6 MINUTES HAHAHAHAHAHAHA.........and why did I watch this for 6 minutes?
6 minutes of Men and women saying the ceiling is bad
As a middle schooler this is true
Me and 1 million other people saw this and we all know this is spot on thank u josh
I am curious what Josh has to say about this subject.
Wait     Who’s Josh
I love how a 6 minute video felt like 3 hours 👍
In my class it was just arguing so by the end of class even the teacher was a little lost  I swear we would start on what you can do with 0 in algebra and end on how much we hate the fifth grade
Gus really portraited that one f$&@er that grew facial hair way too early
did this really go on for 6 minutes?
I just watched 6 minutes and 38 of agreeing with Josh
As a middle school student I can confirm
I am un-ironically impressed this video is as long as it is.
Good sketch but a bit on the short side. I feel like you could have expended on this idea by including the feedback of more students that agree with Josh.
Oml, the "further addu"  just reminded me of how much I suffered.
Great discussion...!
6 minutes of “Stealing is bad” 😆
Plot twist it’s been the 3 same kids the whole time that stole different outfits to trick the teacher.
"i couldn't agree"  ....  "with josh more"  "i don't like you"
Everybody gangstas until the quiet kid stands up and says :” I think that stealing is actually good”
HOW MANY KIDS ARE IN THESE CLASSROOM?!?!?!
Dutlniv tioogattlyg
I don't agree f josh
This was the best 6 minutes of my life
I thought the video was about to end, then I realized i had just watched half of it. For some reason it was one of the funniest things ever.
I personally believe that stealing is wrong, and ceilings are wrong as well.
I forgot what josh looks like
This is way too accurate as a middle school student myself
This is basically what happens in college as well XD
I am dedicated to making it through all 6 minutes of this
yeah guys I think I agree with josh.
my teacher would be like "OKAY, DOSE ANYONE HAVE ANYTHING ELSE DAMN IT"
Is this just 6 minutes of praising josh
Wtf, this writing is too accurate
lol
bruh this is so true
i just wasted 6 minutes and 38 seconds of my life ;-;
All right till they started talking at the same time normally both people who says it louder and trying to sound better when saying it
Highschool isn't much different to be honest
6 minutes of people agreeing to josh
this feels exactly as long as 6 minutes feels in school
Lots of different options here!
Can’t believe I watched this whole video 😂
Me after watching this: What is the meaning of Josh?
I'm only 2:30 into the video. How long does this go on?
My class would be like "ma'am ma'am ma'am ma'am ma'am ma'am ma'am ma'am ma'am ma'am ma'am ma'am ma'am ma'am ma'am ma'am ma'am ma'am ma'am ma'am ma'am"
Yeah, I agree with Josh. Stealing is bad
Anyone else sort of agree with josh?
I favorite part was when he said " I think stealing is wrong"
I agree with Josh
I'm currently 1 minute into this video, and I thought it was close to being done. The video is 6 minutes, I don't know what will happen. I'm afraid Log 2- at least two minutes have gone by since my first report, nothing of note has happened, and this classroom seems to have an infinite number of students Log 3-another two minutes has gone by, and again nothing of note has happened. There is chance there will be a punchline, but I fear this is a shaggy dog story Log 4- why did I watch this
Josh: Do you trust me?  Everyone in the class: With every cell in my body.
Josh is the kind of guy who plugs the usb in right on the first try.
I kinda feel that stealing is wrong
Bruh one take
I’m a law student and I have to say... The style of class discussion hasn’t changed since middle school. Replace “I think stealing is wrong” with “I think the Supreme Court’s holding in Dred Scott v. Sanford was wrong” and you have every 1L year Con Law class.
That was a great 6 minute discussion im glad everyone agreed. :)
So true though
What about the kid who just disagrees to be different
This is also how university seminars go when only one person did the reading
I can't believe I just sat through this 😂😂
i agree with josh also
*I don’t agree with josh*
This is actually very accurate to my middle school  English classes everytime we had a group discussion
6mins of saying stealing is bad
4:48 This is scarily accurate
How big is that fucking classroom.
Yea I just wanna agree with josh stealing is bad
this josh guy is going places
The longest 6 minutes of my life.
I too have a bad ceiling.
me: okay this is funny ig lol me: oh, there’s- there’s five more minutes. I’ll go scroll through comments now....
Does he have 34 students?
I did this
Do they really think that stealling is bad quz they all stole his idea
I just watched 6 minutes and 20 seconds of 3 people changing shirts and say that josh is right and stealing is bad
Why did I watch this all the way through.?
god this where the longest 6 minutes of my life JKASLFHJKASDFADS
I was waiting for stealing is illegal
how long did it take to make this, and how many shirts did it take?!
Why did I watch 7 minutes of grown men acting like 12 year olds saying stealing is bad
It’s all the same
Commidy gold
You know, I agree with Josh when he said that stealing is bad and we really shouldn't ever do it because like if we all steal then there isn't really any money going into businesses that can be local or even big corporations and thats not good because we need to stimulate our communities and the economy so that way families can keep affording to do the things they normally do and send their kids to school so that they may grow up and go to school like us and also agree that stealing is bad just like what Josh said
This is still how it goes in college cause everyone is high off their ass
They STOLE Josh's answer
It must have cost Gus so much money to get all these extras. That's wild
That is a baller Minnesota Twins jacket!
Anyone else have the "I remember reading somewhere..." kid?
you guys had discussions?
I just wanna say I 100% agree with Josh.
By the end I forgot what Josh even said.
hey idk if someone said this already but i think i would say i stealing is bad
THE DURATION IS 6 MINUTE MORE AND I STILL WATCH IT UNTIL THE END??1?1?1?1??1?!?!?!?!
I think this is a cool idea, but it kinda stopped being funny after like 2 mins
By the end of the video josh feels like some kind of mythical figure
It sounds like you didn’t have very good discussions in school. There is a debate to have about morality and stealing but they didn’t have it.
I literally watch this for three minutes. Straight please help
Is there like 300 students in this class
Plot Twist: Josh is a robber
I've been watching this for so long that Josh is no longer a person but now more of an abstract concept
I Just live this video :)
good video but U MADE IT 6 MINUTES LONG. IT SHOULD AT LEASR\T BE 15 MINUTES OF AGREEING WITH JOSH
Im gonna send this to my teachers
They mentioned *Josh* more than *stealing* . the conversation at the end pretty much revolves around josh.
I like how this went on for 6 1/2 minutes
I agree with josh stealings bad
Just made this skit because you inspire me https://youtu.be/ggzA73ArhaI
I agree with josh
longest 6 minutes of my life
Guys I think josh is right maybe tho,just maybe
Me:I heard that Josh is a bitch. The class: HOW DARE U
True except I don’t think my class was that big lol
This is just 6 minutes of agreeing with josh, btw. Josh is on the spot with it, i agree with josh
This really took me for a ride. I was on the edge of my seat.
ARE YOU LISTENING SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE?
The whole video: Ya stealing is bad. Stealing is bad. Ya what josh said stealing is bad.
The only thing this was missing was one kid who was "just stretching"
I mean, anything considered “bad” under the right circumstances could be fine
Middle school? Pfft junior and still happens
My name might be josh, I forgot my name
Six minutes of hearing " I agree with Josh."
I love how I am in college and this is still how it is
When the class has a participation grade
i have edited the comment so now all the responses make no sense
Josh is right and stealing bad
Who watched the whole 6 minutes of them saying they agree with josh
you need to at least re-say what josh said
I want an hour version
this is so accurate its scary
**violently stands up from chair** WELL I THINK JOSH IS WRONG
tl:dr stealing is bad
This went on for too long
I watched over 50 ppl say they agree with josh for 7 min where have my life gone
I’m in middle school and this is very accurate to our discussions in every class. I love this skit.
At 1:30 I looked at the time left and I was just like oh god there's 5 more minutes of this
After finishing this video I thought “Yep, that’s accurate” and then proceeded to think, “yeah I just wanna piggyback off of what Josh said, that it was pretty accurate”. I am now spiraling, please help.
Very accurate!! Lol
I disagree with josh
This is this guys longest video... Took me so long to get what the joke was...
The plot is summarized in the first 10 seconds...sick
I would love to have this gem as a 10 hour loop. Need more agreement, need more Josh.
I've been in poli sci classes in college where this type of thing basically happens.
Id hate to make anyone sad with what im about to say but my grandmother. Bless her soul. My grandmother told me when i was but a young boy. That stealing is bad so i think im just gonna have to go with josh on this one really.
There is 6 minutes of this!
so true
Josh: I think stealing is bad Me: WHAT DO U MEAN ITS GREAT I THINK THATS WUT U WERE GONNA SAY RIGHT??!!
5:31 he wearing a wire!
There’s always that one kid that the teacher won’t answer but finally he/she answers after ten minutes and the kid says I FORGOT WHAT I WAS GOING TO SAY
Haha a "Vote fo Pedro" shirt from Napoleon Dynamite 1:28
How about we actually discuss stealing though? I have a few positions we can use: Stealing from a big corporation is more ethical than stealing from small business. The manner of stealing affects its moral implications (pickpocketing a phone vs stealing a phone at gunpoint).  Another important consideration is not theft at the individual level, but for corporate instance tax evasion, political corruption or intellectual property piracy.  Discuss
Alternate title: six and a half minutes of everyone agreeing with Josh
It took me a solid minute (literally) to get the joke
And there's always that one student who explains their position and gives background, and then the next student agrees with them while oversimplifying and misinterpreting their point
this is kinda like what Josh said but not really but um I think that stealing is not ok
I forgot who josh is and I was one minute in
You forgot the part where someone wants to actually say something different and the teacher continues with class
i agree with josh stealing is bad
*The ceiling is wrong*
Yeah I have to agree with josh
You forget to put a emo kid in there every middle school class had atleast one emo kid. Or is it just me???
It's been 20 days.  I cant stop watching.
'r u Gus Fring or what?
I’m still not really sure but I also think stealing is bad
If stealing is bad why is everyone stealing Josh's idea
I also think sealing is bad
stealing's not that bad just ask all the relatable CEO's making green commercials
when josh said stealing wasnt good. i felt that
BRUH
This sparks joy
Can confirm
I, myself, as a member of society am in agreement with Joshua G. Gosh, I feel as thought the intellectual value of his opinion on the subject of thievery was quite high. This also appears to be the common thinking of everyone in the room, so I would declare that I agree with them as well. Joshua's statement kept his views easy to understand and brief, something that I struggle with. This is not a bad thing however, as it made it very easy to understand for everyone in the room, even those with lower intelligence than the genius who is Joshua. He is truly cursed with the power of knowledge, and morals, but he is able to guide others to a state he himself can not achieve, the state of happiness. When we raise our hands to agree with Joshua, we side with him, we know his pain, although we do not feel it, we know his views, although he does not explain, we know him, although he doesn't know himself. In addition I would like Joshua to know that we support him to get as close to perfection as he can achieve, for perfection is being able to be content with yourself, and Joshua doubts himself. He doesn't need to do that, we like him how he is. Joshua, you always believed in us, it's time to believe in yourself. This is not a critique this a wake up call, you have fallen asleep, and you need to live.   So, yeah, I think Joshua's answer was spot on.
Bro what?
Your missing that one person that screams for no reason in the middle of class
I watched all of this gold (steal=bad)
6 minutes of ppl saying the same thing
Do any of them disagree?
Well I just wasted 6:40 minutes of my life just to learn that stealing is bad...
I just wasted 6 minutes of my life to whach people say ¨YeA I AgReE wItH jOsH
3:12 uh I don't like you
In my class there's always like three or four kids that just list crimes they want to do and I'm one of them
How many people are in that class tho
That was my class wtf
Dad?
I mean I was the one kid that would just be like ya I like Stealing just to start shit
when socratic seminar
thanks josh
That one ‘eDgY’ kid who’s in the corner just: “wEll I tHink StEaLinGs A GooD tHinG.”
I........also have to agree.......with....... Josh on this one......um........I also.......think stealing.....is.....um......bad
Did I seriously just watch a 6 minute video of the same four people saying they agree with Josh about stealing and not regret any of it😂😂😂😂
how many students are in this class?
Are these guys all his siblings
Let's be real... This is the same as college discussions too
how many people does this class have?
Does it really go the same all the time
Y did I hear ceiling
I strongly agree because I heard his dad tell me so yeah stealing is bad
Is nobody gonna point out that they did this skit for almost 7 minutes? 🤣
You forgot “like, I agree with josh but what if they need the thing they’re stealing, but also probably like mostly what josh said I think
Stealing’s bad.
Sven has the best answers. Seems like different characters... If you are not looking at the video.
Did anyone watch this whole thing
Like if couldn’t make it through this.
That was a 5 minutes of my life wasted, I can't believe I actually watched all of that lmao
I'm in 7th grade and this is so true😂
this is literally accurate
should've had someone ask to use the bathroom, there's always someone who asks to use the bathroom.
That’s the biggest class I’ve ever seen
I agree with Josh
As an 8th grader, can confirm
everyone:stealing is wrong Sven:the ceiling is bad
i was 2 minutes in before i realized this is quite literally 6 and a half minutes of just 4 people saying stealing is bad in different clothes and it's was the best investment of my time ever
this is just 6 minutes of people saying stealing is bad
You really couldn't say your real opinion because if you did it would be weird
I liked the part where they said stealing was bad
Oh no this one is long
I realized 4 minutes into this that i had no idea why I was watching this...
I just watched six minutes of people saying stealing is bad
I got an A in that class, love discussions
I like the part where they said "Stealing is bad"
College discussions also be like that. Especially the online discussion forums 😂
this is spot on
This is every zoom meeting I've had at work for the fast 6 months
This is what the Johnson Family does during reunions
101 ways to agree in class
How many kids are in this class?!
dude this shit still happening to me in junior year of HIGHSCHOOL-
You know, everyone made really good points. But I'm going to have to agree with Josh on this one.
So what josh said but slightly different
honestly, like i usually try to form my own opinions based on research, but josh really got me on that one. stealing is bad.
I’m actually surprised that he managed to stretch this out into 6 minutes 😂
It’s still unclear. Is stealing bad or not?
Which one of them is Josh???
Thor's shirts are awesome!
You forgot the kids who go on their phones under their desks.
:0
:0
i need the 10 hour version pls
This is basically “that’s what she said”  but the 7th grade version
Also college 😓 I knew this would annoy me and knew exactly what was coming 😂😭 ugggghhhh too real  And the teacher always going “thank you, good point.” No. No, it wasn’t 😅
There was always one kid asking “but what if” just to be a contrarian, and that kid may or may not have been me.  “Kids, you should never hit people.”  “But what if they’re choking, and the only way to help them is to slam their back?”
No, there is nothing else, its all the same joke😂😂
Why tf is this true lmaoooooooo
But i don't mind stealing bread
4.1K dislikes
I gotta agree with Josh on this one, I think stealing is bad
Guys I actually agree with Josh. I too think stealing is not good.
Cringe!!
i like how 17 people sit in the exact same place
This is really inaccurate, in middle school we would have all said stealing is good
That was the hardest thing to watch, in a good way tho
There like 100 people in this class
Ok this went on for too long it became unfunny if it was shorter It would be pretty funny
I'd Agree with me too
this is literally how discussions in university still go.
Agreeing with josh for 6 minutes
Josh || The Mastermind Of His Time
As a middle school teacher, I can validate that this is 100% accurate
I agree with that first guy, Johnny was it?
How many people are here? I literally don't know
This is high school as well
Did mr. Mackey go to this school?  Stealing is bad, m'kay. Don't steal. If you steal, you're bad, m'kay.
I wonder how many shirts it took to make this video
Stealing is bad
Im the chaos guy, i would just say a plus side of stealing and how it could be good in certain situations
I wanted to say that I agree with Josh, and that stealing is bad
As a middle schooler this is spot on
I spent 6 minutes of my life watching stealing is bad
Tumblr doesn't agree
Is it just me or does gus's sister look like jocelyn mettler
Yeah so I was just gonna agree with what Gus said, this is exactly how a middle school discussion would go.
This is more funny than it's supposed to be.. x)
I’ve been watching 4 boys say the same thing on repeat for 2 minutes and I have no clue how long this video is going on for.
There’s only one point and no explanations
this went on for 6 minutes straight...
they all just joshin'
This is also how online discussions go in 100-level university classes. 🤦
Is this just 6 minutes of people agreeing
I cant believe i watched this whole thing
Plot Twist: Josh: I changed my idea stealing is sometimes a good thing
0:52 2:30 different shirts  which means they were arguing the same philosophic and deep subject for weeks lol
how many people are in that class?
this went on for like 2 minutes too long. and that made it funnier
HOW MANY KIDS ARE IN THIS CLASS!?!
This is also a great way of representing teachers constantly asking very clear moral choices and expecting different answers. Like, wow Ms. Jenkins how surprising people don't want the nuclear arms race to escalate into a nuclear war that ends humanity, you should take off 10 points for unoriginality.
I just watched 6 minutes and 20 seconds of grown adults saying ‘yeah I agree with josh on this one stealing is bad’
Is this five solid minutes of "stealing is bad"
but where's the hot taki girl smh
I would have said: "I think stealing is right in some circumstances but can also be wrong"
I just watched 6 minutes of people saying that they agree with Josh
I think josh made a good choice because stealing is very not good
As a person that graduated middle school this is 100% correct
This is too true
I was waiting for the kid who thinks he is really deep to say "what about stealing to feed your family? But yeah I agree with josh."
*Starts Gus Johnson video* *Notices it's over 15 seconds long* Everyone into the conference room, people! It's happening! IT'S ****ING HAPPENING!!!
You see, nowadays, my teacher puts me and my classmates all in breakout rooms in a zoom call and we all awkwardly sit there not saying anything, with the majority of us not having our cameras on, and not knowing what to do until the teacher comes into the breakout room and yells at us for not having our cameras on.
It just keeps going
85% sure this was filmed in a lds church.
I just realized that they were STEALING Josh's answer...
Gotta get them discussion points
6 min of ppl saying they agree with Josh and stealing is bad.
The only thing more accurate than the video content is the variety of t-shirts frt
This is also every online discussion in college.
Dude I gotta say josh is right stealing is bad
I gotta agree with Josh on this one
Who watched the whole thing even tho it was irradiating
Honestly I think i did this more in elementary than middle school
actually stealing is good
God damn this is so accurate
had to watch the video to the end.. now I want those six minutes back.
He did this for six minutes
How they went in kindergarten      "Oh my god! You stole my idea! Copycat!
I agree stealing is bad
did anyone else forget what josh looked like
I'm gonna go against the grain here and say stealing is dope
How many kids are in this class
Josh is such a great mind
I disagree
Coming right from your offensive "the office" video, I can not believe...
You could debate this is kind of every school with political debates minus the 3 guys who would disagree with josh and are clearly wrong
That's a big class
POV: you can’t remember witch one is josh
I like these kinds of jokes because they start off kind of funny, then it goes on too long and you're just waiting and waiting for the punchline or at least some sort of twist but it continues on and on until you wonder if it will ever end, if your life has just become stuck in this torturous life between living and death and whether it matters anymore, you begin to question if the pain will ever end and then you get to the last minute or so and it's funny again
Idk man I think I agree with Josh for this one
You forgot that one kid that goes against the group because they want to be special. Aka me.
I agree with josh stealing is not good is bad
I just watched a class reiterate "I think stealing is bad" for 6 minutes.
As a middle schooler a can say this is 100% accurate
you forgot the part where the teacher adds a hypothetical that might make the situation ambiguous and then someone says "well it's kinda good and kinda bad" and everyone repeats him
Your longest video yet it’s it’s the same thing 100 times
He looks like an American Simon Pegg
This is why I question life
This is exactly how my zoom classes went in college this year
i dunno i think i agree with josh
To like, go off of what everyone was  like, uhhhh... like saying,  um I... I agree with Josh so like... ya I guess... ya, I agree with him that like, uh... like that stealing is.. you know... like bad... I guess  so like... ya
how many students are in this class?
☺️
I thought this was gonna be some guilt trippy thing where somebody stole something and he was trying to get them to confess
'josh' doesnt even feel like a real word now
Josh, was spot on with this one.
I agree josh as well
I watched this whole damn video
This is... very accurate
Who else watched the whole thing 🤣
How many unique shirts did you require for this shoot Gus?
This still happens in high school
did you seriously just make a seven minute video of "let's repeat josh" i am so fucking livid and i wish i clicked off of it but i didn't wanna skip in the hopes that something about the video changed but nothing fucking changed it's just "i agree with josh, stealing is bad"
oh god its 6 minutes of this
Waiting for someone to say stealing is good 👁👄👁
I'm currently in 7th grade and I can confirm this is correct.
i dont know why but this 6 min video was like 10 hour compilation about some random guys stealing quotes from a guy called josh              *_S T E A L I N G   I S    B A D_*
This is how online discussion forums for my college classes feel
What about the kid who had their hand up for ages just to say that someone else has said what they were going to say
I agree with Josh
I watched this during a test and almost had an aneurism cuz of how much I heard the word josh oh my lord.
wrong
then theres me saying "personally if its walmart i dont mind"
I like the part when they said stealing was bad
they keep saying the same thing almost 6 minutes is so true
Why was this my 8th grade class?
Fuck , I'm that kid would go against the flaw no matter what , so here I'd probably say " hmm actually some people are poor and may find themselves needing to steal to feed themselves so it's not black and white " yeah I'm that asshole
them wearing the same shirt!
you...have a sister?! how dis we not know until now?!!
Why do so many people not get the joke?
As a middle schooler, I can confirm that this is how it is. Basically, exactly right.
I question why I watched this entire thing and actually enjoyed it- lol
Josh really nailed it on the head this time
0:30 the ceiling is pretty bad
When youtuber goes out of ideas xd cmon just srsly man? I loved tha video shotguns in movies, so try to make something more like that
Sad thing is: half the discussions in my classes still sound like that... I'm in grade 12
Some of the kids stole the teach's shirt. I'm not gonna say where, you gotta find it yourself! It's an adventure! :O
how many kids are in this class.
This is just fucking zoom discussions
PLOT TWIST: 76.5% OF ALL HUMANS ON EARTH OR MARS OR THE MOON BELIEVE LYING IS GOOD AND RIGHT AND CORRECT AND AND AND LIKE MORALLY JUSTIFIED AND A GOD-GIVEN RIGHT AND A DUTY TO UPHOLD THE LAW.....so yeah...most of those students were lying...is what I was trying to say......portray......explain...show
was i the only one who the read the description first and was waiting for some one to say they were just stretching.
Wow, it’s sad how true this is.
Was anyone else in suspense waiting for the one person to say they don’t agree with josh 😂
this is too accurate...
I agree with Josh
ceiling is bad
Oh my God, watching this went on forever, I felt like I was in hell
You forgot the “Oh, I wasn’t raising my hand, I was just stretching” kid
That Twins jacket tho
why is this so accurate?
I just heard stealing is bad for 6 min straight
Props to whoever watched the entire thing
What about that one person who just really disagrees with everyone? I mean really disagrees (not like the last one)
Ive been watching for a minute and 36 seconds. I do believe I've figured out where this is headed.
Lyrics to the end song:      "Uh, damn, uh yeah. Uh oh my. Uh, too lit  Nigga damn uh yah uh check my crew fit. Uh ya Uh ya Uh ya,ya,ya, ya." Don't be mean guys I played it by ear.
Josh thought stealing was bad and then everyone stole that idea.
Yeah sealing is bad.
I agreed with Josh
This video actually shows the overloading of students in classrooms that teachers have to deal with every school year. Thank you Gus for giving everyone this perspective. Absolute respect!
I agree with Josh stealing is wrong!
as a person who has gone through middle school i can verify this
how many siblings did your parents gave you? jesus.
0:23 that dudes neck is bigger than his whole jaw...
We have lost sight of what we were agreeing on long ago. Agreeing with Josh has become the new standard, devoid of any memory or understanding of what we were actually agreeing upon. Agreeing with Josh gives us comfort, social cohesion, stability, and purpose. Agreeing with Josh is the glue that binds us. Agreeing with Josh is the hill I'll die on, and I know my peers would die on that hill too, if they had to. I even know some peers who would die on that hill for me, so I don't have to, and I would die on that hill too, to save one of my peers. It's a beautiful thing to be surrounded by people who agree with Josh. It makes me feel like I'm part of something bigger and better than my own meaningless self. Sometimes my dad will come home a little too drunk after work. He'll start beating my mum while I hide under my bed covers not making a sound. Sometimes I wake up in the morning and I think about all the pressures and stresses of school. I realise I don't want to get out of bed. I just want to hide. Every day I head to the breakfast table 10 minutes before the school bus arrives, and my abusive dad is waiting there for me. I can't bare to look him in the eye.   Sometimes it looks like every step I take in life is difficult, draining and terrifying. They say there are so many paths I can choose to walk in this life, but I feel like every path in front of me is painful. I start feeling sorry for myself. I feel like I have become a victim of this hostile and heartless middle schooler environment. My friends and family did this to me. My weird neighbour who stares at me through a window when I walk back from school, he did this to me. The world has fucked me, and I feel all alone. I suffer alone, and nobody seems to notice. How can I suffer like this, but nobody even bats an eye? I think I must be going mad. I wonder if it might simply be less of burden to end this suffering. Maybe people will finally see my suffering when I'm dead. Maybe they'll shed a tear for me, and I'll finally be validated. I'll finally find peace.   In these dark times, I think of Josh. Specifically I am reminded of how I agree with him. I am reminded of all the people around me who agree with Josh too. I realise I respect those people. I value them, and I understand and empathise with their suffering. Then I realise, not only do I respect them, but they respect me. They understand me. They see what's inside me and they resonate with that. They see value in me. They have hope for me, and I have hope for all of them. Sometimes I think about all the people out there who don't agree with Josh, and I think how miserable their lives must be. I realise just how fortunate I am to have found Josh in my life, and to have found this community of people who value me for agreeing with him. It's a weird thing this. I feel like... well... Of course I agree with Josh and always will. Don't think that by saying this I am trying to take away from the fact that I agree with Josh. But it almost feels like, sitting here today, in this moment, contemplating life, I feel that... well... I think that not only do I agree with Josh, but after all this time, I think Josh agrees with me too.
the longest 6 minutes of my life
1:06 an off brand Daniel thrasher
For anyone who's confused on this and hasn't watched it all, *yes it's the whole video*
This is giving me anxiety
Not gonna lie but i kinda agree with Josh.
i like the part where they expressed their opinion on theft
I’m josh and I approve this message
Yeah, I agree with Josh, stealing is bad.
Finally, someone agrees with me!
This really gives you a sense of how slooooow time moves.
I had a assignment a couple of weeks ago about what ways I planned on incorporating the Buddhist way in my life. This shit is right on the money
100% accurate
who else watched it fully
This was so accurate, I'm gonna dislike it (it was that painful).
Josh Gunson
As a Joshua and a 8th grader. This is very true.
Everyone here can and should agree with everything Josh has said
I don’t know what’s worse that this is six minutes long or that I watched all of it
6 minutes K
hehehehe
Is it weird that this is so realistic but much more kids saying random crap
The "this is kinda like what josh said" is so accurate lol
Can we get a josh word counter?
stealing IS bad
The girl kinda looks like Abby from The Last of Us 2
you are telling me that there is 44 kids in yhis class??? what?
I’m in eighth grade and this is accurate.
Those teachers who call on the same three people every FREAKING DAY.
Was it just me or was anyone else getting the feeling that stealing is bad?
When the smartest kid is picked first and explains for 4 minutes why x is good there's no way I could elaborate more.  Edit: when i was in 1-2 grade, the new kid explained why milk was better than water for spicy food by talking about molecules and stuff.
So that's why amercians in general are so well-spoken. Here in hungarian middleschools, the teachers talking, we take notes, and there is a test sometimes. That's it basically.
Stop saying my name so much it’s freaking me out
this is the way things go in highschool too
Fell alseep watching this
I’m in Middle school and this actually is how it goes
i started watching this video and convinced my entire family i was in my online class😂
2:58 are we all going to ignore the, "drink apple juice cause OJ will kill you?"
How many people are in this class?
It was the vote for pedro shirt for me.🤣🤣🤣🤣
Me: after listening for saying I agree with josh for 3 minutes, skips to 5:30. Stealing is still bad.
Yea I would just like to say that stealing is bad. Thanks Josh
The people that disliked didn’t agree with josh
So yeah      Basically what Josh said
Ahh middle school
Yo josh is so cool, I heard he smokes meth
Omg that one guy kinda looked like that other guy🤯conspiracy?
I think that ceiling is bad too
"So I did not like this book, because the end is very sad and it's bad"
I would be the kid who disagrees with Josh - no matter the subject of discussion
36 Kids Vs 1 teacher    now that's an unbalanced class if i've ever seen one.
Nice video, didn't expect you to be so consequent with not changing the storyline till the end
I thought it was on a loop
God damn they r stealing joshes idea
He looks like the man from paul
What Both me and this style of videos have in common is that we are boring until the end where its feels nice but even that comes after only 6 minutes
Screw you Josh, stealings great
whenever they say this is kinda what he said but you know its gonna be the same thing
The best part is that you just KNOW it’s true
Y'all were talking about stealing n shit? Lmao we were debating whether an infamous man from Kansas who murdered Slave owners was a hero or a villain
This is the Youtube comment section nowadays
How did you get me to watch the same phrase said in different ways, go six god dammed minutes
I legit just watched the Johnson siblings say "I agree with Josh" in different ways for 6 minutes straight.... what is wrong with me?
Facts  Me looking back when I threw a chair at a whiteboard after a 30 discussion
Why did I watch the whole thing
This was going on for so long that i started to have a dejavu thinking i already saw this video sometime while high or something  Clarification: it was making me feel high
I disagree with josh
This is painfully accurate
Ok but this is high school too
this is kinda like what josh said i think that stealing is right i i mean wrong
You forgot the kid with his arm raised for 5mins
:D:D:D:D:D:D
Yeah i agree the ceiling is pretty bad.
How big is this class lmao
In my class: Teacher: Is stealing wrong, its discussion time! Guy 1: Yes it is wrong! Guy 2: I agree Girl 1: yea, I will say the same Me: What if you steal from the guy who stole your items? Everyone: ye, Sam kinda right! That one dude: Bruh, you talkin bout me? BRUUH!!
*I also agree with josh*
Me: *my answer has been answered*
I am in middle school and I can confirm that this happens every. single. day.
Definitely not that they sort of stole (or copied) Josh when they said they agree with Josh. But, I agree with Josh
the entire time i was waiting for someone to say ‘oh sorry i was just streching’
This was so bad it was so good
I’ve been stuck on a YouTube binge for hours but I think this cured it
How many doors do they have in this fkin classroom whut
i think they agree with josh
I waited 6 minutes for someone to say that they don't agree with Josh. It happened, then immediately got taken back.     *cocks gun*
I agree with Josh
Why did I watch 6 and a half minutes of people saying stealing is bad
I was the kid who would pick whatever side had the least supporters
Wait wait there is Vote for Mumbo t-shirt interesting
I am in Middle School this is accurate
Am I the only one who keeps coming back to this? Something very addictive about it!
We all believe in Josh.
Ive been in this situation lol, you try to make your “input” seem smart so its acceptable, but deep down you already know the teacher is already two steps ahead of you.
Yeah except there was this one kid that would play devil's advocate since no one else wanted to go against everyone else
I can relate to this
why does it keep getting funnier despite being incredibly jarring to listen to?
I'm in middle school right now, and it right on the money, so perfect
I made it 'till 4.20 sec.. 😂 also, one of them said 'most of the time', this opens up a whole new discussion!
where is josh in this video every single person is agreeing with Josh except josh
How many students are in that classroom?!, like a 100?!
My name is Josh lol
This exact same thing happened in my tenth grade class today. Middle schoolers aren't the only stupid ones.
This is obnoxiously accurate.   Thank you so much
I was waiting for someone to say stealing is bad and stick with that answer
I forgot who Josh was.
I know in my freshman year there would be 1 person who disagreed and everyone just insulted them
and then there’s that one white boy who’s like “id just like to play devils advocate for a second .....”
🖐       I agree with uh Gus
I hope that when Gus filmed this he told everybody else that they were only gonna have one line in the sketch, but he just wanted to do different takes and play around with the wording a little.
*"Yeah but I don't like you"*
3:12 that's ok, I don't like me, either.
Lesson: listen to josh
Why is nobody talking about the anmount of shirts they had to change into?
You know I haven’t been good this week and not really focusing in class but I honestly think it’s because of you know what josh said and I just been thinking like man stealing is just not on my list of things I like so uh yeah I agree with josh
how long did this take to make.
4:20 he wears the same shirt as the teacher
“I don’t like you”
This went on for 6 minutes....
I could finish an hour long video and this video still would be over.
Alternate title: zoom university required discussion board posts
Okay I stg I used to be the guy that would stay quiet and listen to all of the idiots in class copy each other to try and get participation points 😂
This is actually really accurate; there's this kid named Josh in my school, and he always starts the conversation with an idea, then everyone just agrees with him ;--;
I think stealing is good. You should be allowed to steal.
How did You manage to make it over 6 minutes long, wow
I think its like what josh said
Damn JOSh knows ALOT
I mean... What else can you say about your opinion of stealing?
Guys, I agree with Josh, stealing is bad
Stealing is bad.   And wrong.   There needs to be a better word for this, like, badong.   Stealing is badong.
Y’all had class discussions in middle school?
me forcing my self to watch the entire thing to see if anyone disagrees
I liked what josh said
I actually watched the whole video. I was so annoyed but... I did it
I hate class discussions oh my God
Man gus take a vacation because the content is bad, i agree with that guy content has been bad recently. I love you and ur a comical genius at times but take some time off refresh the old noodle please
I get massive Timmy vibes of WKUK from this guy.
Well this is my favorite video
Forget middle school, this is basically university too
you got me
I just watched this whole video   *Virgin 100*
Not to sound similar to what Josh said, but stealing is bad
I agree with Josh
i now have to buy a thing a majigs shirt
I like the part where the kid was agreeing with Josh
are we gonna ignore the shirt with "drink apple juice because OJ will kill you" and OJ's Ford?
Would it be possible for you guys to film something like this live with a rotating camera?
As a high schooler who goes to a church youth group every Wednesday this still applies to me.
I feel like this is a discussion you had in a college course and you changed it to middle school because it's less embarrassing.
I dont know guys, I agree with Josh
"Is there anyone who doesn't agree with Josh?"
Neat!
I think stealing is good
I love how this needlessly long but it makes it more true
This is the definition of my humor
This was how the conversations about slavery and poverty went, in grade seven. What did you expect us to say??
Don't steal
As a boy named josh in middle school I find this super funny
POOP, I always forget to ask, what's that tune at the end of your videos?  I haven't wanted to kill anyone since I watched one of your,  what I'd like to call;  " Why do drugs when you have this???"  videos. You need to come see us in N.E Ohiya.
... yeah STEALIN BAD, like sticking your tongue in a fan. But what's COOL is that Vote for Pedro shirt. (Shrute second, and Seinfeld third).  BTW Gus, I think you should do more DANCING.  I think it was your "feeling good today" or something to the effect, I LOST IT!!! Short, sweet, and made my day!!! Laughter is the best medicine, my friend. You guys keep doing what you're doing. PEACE
V O T E  F O R  P E D R O  dear god I remember Napoleon Dynamite
Yea I also agree with josh
I agree with josh
I actually invented a word. The word I invented is "plagiarism"
I keep thinking this is so cringe but then remember when it used be like that but for over 45 minutes.
ok lemme throw ya a curveball here, stealing... not good
why'd i watch this entire thing??? lmaooo
this is 4th grade typa discussions
Hurts to watch  Oh my god is this really 6 and a half minutes of this shit?
And this is why teachers have to guide discussions with more specific questions. But somehow, it basically ends up like this anyway lol
Jose’s feeling: 😏
This is pretty accurate! The way they phrased their replies is exactly how group discussions went at my school. And this will go on until the teacher finally changes the topic.
Hey
Hey When there’s only one right answer Don’t be mad when you get the same one
Yo relate to this 100%
I’m in middle school, and- I can confirm that this is exactly how it goes.
The Bible also agrees with Josh
Everyone count the word josh in this vid
Gus would be a good teacher    “ 1 year later when he is a teacher “     Never mind 😳
There are A LOT of identical multiples in this class. Scientists need to go to their town and see what's up cause this is quite literally impossible. Must be something in the water out there. Lol
I agree with Josh, I also think ceiling is bad.
I was waiting for someone in a thief outfit with a burlap sack to say they think stealing isn't that bad
My favorite part was when they agreed with Josh in this.
I feel like my classmates are a little more awkward...
I agree with josh
This video made name Josh sounds so weird to me.
So many compelling arguments, glad to see that so many people with different views are having civilized discussion.
The best part is when the blond dude is wearing the same outfit as napoleon dynamite 😂😂  Yo fuck you man, I love your hair
Everyone be stealing Josh's idea, which according to Josh, is kinda bad
all these sheeple nowadays...
As an 8th grader, this is very acc
Well 38seconds
Wtf did I just spend 6 minutes and 19 seconds on
Thor's fucking shirt juice shirt
This is relatable enough.
My name is Josh, and I don't agree with Josh. But I also don't agree with anyone who disagrees with Josh. I just don't agree with anyone. I'm like.... in the middle on everything.
Fake: too many people raised their hand and noone stood up shouted that josh was gay and always wrong, screamed then left the class
I'm gonna go ahead and agree with Josh on this one.
Monolateral debates are boring
I am watching 6 minutes of people saying stealing is bad and josh was right
He got like 2 $ off of adds cuz nobody watched this whole thing
I also think stealing is bad so I agree with josh
Does this need to be 6 minutes? I was over it at 2 minutes lol. I don't need to ho back to high school
Anyone who sees my comment listen to the outro at 2x speed
how class discussions went in -middle school- -highschool- -college- life
The Sunday School teacher one was the best.
Yea that’s so true
Try and watch all of his videos while drinking
So there's 34 students...
I think I learn something today : stealing is bad
This is 100% how every single highschool debate went as well as middle school. Everyone was always just trying to make things easier. and agreeing with a decent answer was more efficient than making any actual attempt at thinking.
This is like when everyone virtue signals
How does this go for 6 minutes
VOTE FOR PEDRO! Love the Napoleon Dynamite reference!
Must be a low income school because there's like 60 kids in that xlaas
Ok wtf, is no one gonna comment on the clearly bootlegged “Shrute” Farms tee @ 5:00??? You just gonna take them dolla dolla bills right outta Dwight Schrute’s pocket like that? What is the meaning of this nonsense? What happened to boys supporting boys?? Tsk tsk, shame on you Johnson boys...   _Shame. On. _*_YOU._*
Script:   “Stealing is bad”  “Yeah I agree”
You should have made josh say “I agree with josh “
How many times was “Josh” said in this video?
I remember when I was Josh in HS, the good ole days
Oh, so that's why the school system fails so much in the US...
Honestly, some college classes I took were not that different.
Took quite a bit of time into this one I see
this class is so empty but at the same time theres a 100 students.
All hail josh
The funny thing is if you're in college right now, you know that this is actually exactly what replies to online discussion posts are
How many students where I'm that class
Im in middle school and had my first discussion today and this is exectaly how it went XD
What makes this even funnier to me is that I used to be that kid that argued for the sake of the discussion. Like here I would bring up Robin Hood.
i think that josh is right and stealing is bad but also if thieves knew that josh was right that stealing is bad there wouldn't be any thieves. because josh was right, so i also agree that it is bad. and everyone should agree with josh. and the law also agrees with josh. there for stealing is bad.
I respect so much when someone is just like "Yeah, we're doing this" Nobody but Gus
Lmao this took me way back
Stealing is bad
Stealing is so bad
Just as bad as this is when there’s just one guy who actually says anything and the rest of the class just doesn’t participate. It was me. I was that guy.
If I hear someone say piggyback one more time in my entire life my head is going to explode.
This genuinely triggers me. It’s so accurate.
Rumor has it that Gus and co. wrote 13 pages of back story for each character for this sketch in order to get every actor fully into character before shooting.
I think Josh know what´s he is doing, so I gotta agree with Josh on this one
Stealing is good as long as theres no witnesses   make of that what you wish
me being a 9th grader this is still how discussions go
This is more awkward then me trying to talk to a normal person
1:35 did you mean: josh STOLE your idea?
My favourite part is when that one kid says they agree with josh and stealing is bad
I’m Josh.
Gus is the best at looking like a different character just by switching shirts
how did i watch this whole thing
coming from a year 7, this is scary accurate.
1:35
I agree with Josh that stealing is wrong. I mean, even though I’m stealing his answer, and I’m also stealing other comments on this YouTube video that have said the same thing, which have in tern stolen other comments that say the same thing. Basically I’m saying we’re all stealing, and I’m probably still stealing. Let’s see how many replies I can get from people saying this is a stolen comment. The ironic part is, even the comments from people saying that a comment is a stolen comment is also a stolen comment.Fire away!
Still better than most politicians
Oh lord. I just got out of school and I feel like I’m already back in class
VICTORY "Stealing" was the impostor.
I can't believe I sat here and watched a 6 minute shitpost.
I, I can't believe I watched this
I'm gonna have to also agree with josh, I think that his point was very well-spoken when he said "stealing is bad."
I agree with Josh
Yeah, josh is cool and josh is right.
who is josh
Yea actually I agree with Gus
That was the longest 6min of my life
I play this video on a loop so I can hear people say nice things about me
Haha the topic is stealing is wrong but they are stealing from josh
That's why you need Marx for any good class discussion.
I'm in my 40s and this straight up dumped me right back in middle school. They even captured the unironic sincerity.
When the entire class steals Josh’s idea.
That third kid tried to throw everyone off by saying ceiling instead of stealing.
Did I really watch 6 minutes and 38 seconds of steeling is bad
It's actually different. When we have a discussion it turns into a court room.
Yeah, Josh really stole the words right out of my mouth, stealing is bad.
Alternate title: Every College Bible study
Jokes on us they’re all named Josh, all 35 of them are named Josh, even the teacher!
this goes on forever
i watched it and i didnt look at the time stamp the entire time
I just realized one of em was cos playing as napoleon dynamite.
"bounce off" "hit the nail on the head" "going off of what he said" Yeah that pretty much sums it up
this is waaaaaaaay too accurate
Hahaha super true now
Yeah Josh is right I think that stealing is bad
this is five minutes of outtakes
I watched this entire video. My brain hurts
how big is this class
I'm not the only idiot who watched the whole thing am i?
As a current middle schooler this is pretty accurate
Josh 2024
As an 8th grader, I can confirm this is true
that was the best 6 minutes of my life
I specifically remember we were talking about cells in the seventh grade, and SOMEHOW my wack ass class got the conversation to how to say “pass the vodka comrade” in Russian
Im gonna have to go with josh on this one
To really just do a triple backflip off of what Josh said
Me at 6:05 Fucking finally I can’t believe this has been 6 minutes just to get to this mome- oh mY GOD
Wish I had that many shirts.
I was waiting for the token black guy. Not related to the question asked at all.
stealing is good ! expropriate those goodsd !
I’m in 7th grade and I can say this is not true...                   It’s in elementary school and middle school.
so true
What is this
Uhm... My discussions in middle school where like the smart ones talked the whole time and the rest of the class just listened, happy to not have to do anything 😂
3:11 I don't like you xD
genius
Josh is the man!
i truly believe that josh was spot on
THERES A SISTER???? DID SHE DO BOOGER WALL
Why does that girl look like rikki from h2o
WHY IS THIS SO ACCURATE??????
I like how it's six straight minutes of people saying the same thing, and also why are there so many kids with their hands up
Me watching this video: I can feel my brain cells dieing
Unaccurate The teacher with Colin them even though they were stretching
Lemme just make sure I got the premise of the discussion, stealing is bad?
Yeah, I agree, ceilings are bad
All of us on Blackboard
This is the longest 6 minute video
probably the most good looking family i have ever seen
Jean Valjean:👁👄👁
There's 6 minutes we'll never get back.
lmao the longest 6min of my life
Guys, I think stealing is bad
How big is that class
BUT THEY ARE ALL THE SAME PERSON THIS IS SO BAD >:((((    btw this is a joke i love gus' videos and this one is really funny
Guys josh is a nice bro
When participation in recitation counts as part of your grade:
You could rename this as college canvas discussion posts and it would be accurate
So you guys i'm gonna have to say that I agree with josh on this one. Stealing is infact not good in my opinion.
Chritianity in a nutshell
I just want to know who that other blonde guy is, he looks so much like Sven!
This how it goes in college too lmao
Everyone: I agree with Josh, stealing is bad.  Also everyone: **stealing Josh's answer**
How many kids does this dude have in his classroom
I am in middle school and you couldn’t be more right
How many characters they have in this class
I’m in middle school rn and this is so on point lmao
I personally (after analyzing the situation) the agree with Josh. stealing is wrong.
I feel like this was made because of a how long can you make a video using only 100 words challenge
I agree with what Josh said.
What do you mean Middle-school? I've seen this in numerous college class " discussions."
Well you had very different classes than I did. Ours went like this: Teacher asks question, looks around expectantly for someone, ANYONE to answer it... we all try to avoid eye contact to avoid being called on until someone (usually the 3 same people) feels the awkwardness enough to half raise their hand and gives a quick answer just so we can finally move on. Yeesh.
mfs like me played devils advocate
That Josh guy is pretty smart, he's got a good non-stealing future...
I too think that stealing is wrong
This is SIX MINUTES LONG HOLY SHIT😂😂😂😂
Everyone can’t believe it went on for 6 minutes, in real middle school it went on for 40+ minutes like this
When you realized it’s a looped video
Video: 60% showing off different shirts 40% stealing Josh's answer
Why was this so entertaining
i cant  believe i watched this full video
This was the longest 6:38 of my life.
the mix of patience and disappointment in the teacher is so realistic
Just looking for all the middle schoolers commenting and denying that this is how it goes
Sometimes I’m amazed I watch videos like this in their entirety.
4:51 IDENTIDY THEFT IS NOT A JOKE JIM!!!!!!!
This man really made a 6 and a half minute video of people saying the same thing the whole video
*2 MINS IN* : ah man, this is just repeating again and again *4 MINS IN* : I should just stop, I need to actually study *FINISHES THE VIDEO* : ..... well, on to the next gus video
The reason everyone is talking is Because this is one of those discussions where you fail if you don't participate
I just spent over six minutes of my life listening to I agree with josh
Once in middle school, my history teacher forced us to debate slavery. Two students would debate in front of class, and one of us would have to argue FOR slavery
Did I just watch 6m 38s of people saying stealing is bad
The new blonde guy looks like the hozier version of sven?
This went on for wayyyyyyy too long
The news people after the presidential debate
so let me get this strait..... stealing is bad??!
Ya I agree with josh on this one to, I agree that stealing is bad
How many kids are in this class
im not going to watch all SIX minutes of this but I hope someone said stealing is good
The devils advocate said:
All that build up for nothing
6 minutes of people saying they agree in different ways...  You captured your theme perfectly.
6 minutes straight of agreeing
Why did that have to be 6mins...?
this goes on for quite sometime
Who’s the red headed lady in this
I don’t know who this josh guy is, but whoever he is and whatever he said I agree with him
I think stealing is pretty bad
Did Gus just do a video over 20 seconds without a 15 second add?
That was the worst video I’ve ever seen and I loved every second of it
Woah, they change their clothes throughout the video!
I get really freaked out when I hear my own name being said by someone I don’t know/haven’t met. My name isn’t Josh, but I can imagine how trippy it would be to listen to  6 minutes of people agreeing with you.
How many kids are in this class?
I have affirmative feelings with the carbon based life-form whom goes by the name josh, the art of stealing and thievery is a negative concept and should overall be classified as a crime against people and ones well being. Thank you.
how many kids are in this goddamn class
as an 8th grader, i agree with this video
vote pedro
y’all forgot about the one gay, lowkey-anarchist kid in the class that immediately goes off on a five minute tangent about poverty and the cruelty of big corporations (it’s me, im the gay anarchist)
How many doors are there
This is massively accurate
New title “different way to agree with people”
Ah yes, 34 people agree with josh... How big is this class? lol
I just want to say that I agree with Josh
All I heard was "Ceiling is wrong/bad"
You left out the random kid whod always say something racist
That ceiling is bad
tbh this is so true
this is what my group in school does when the teachers comes
This went on for too long
*SCHRUTE
this is 6 minutes long, that is impressive
I also agree full-heartedly that stealing is indeed no good Josh really got this one in the bag
Josh doesn't have a clue
Thia is 7 minutes of stealing is bad
I agree with Josh
I had a great middle school teacher who greatly encouraged us to play devil's advocate and that made discussions way more fun.
Yeah, I agree with Josh
Lmaooo how is no one talking about how the teacher said “I don’t like you” out loud
Omg the flash backssss!!!
"No i dont like you" best line
my middle school discussions legitimately all became super heated debates. tbh
The whole video is ironic because it's actually stealing time from you and that's something that can't be returned. But also I just want to say that I agree with Josh and stealing is NOT good.
Too add on Josh's assessment about about taking away a possession of another individual, I would like to say that stealing is inexcusably bad and I could not agree with my classmates Josh anymore
This video felt like an eternity.
you forgot dose anyone have something ells to say
College forum posts are basically this too
I think that stealing very not good it is the big bad basically what Josh said
Why is he calling on the same ppl?
1:26 omg, the classic arm hold 😂
Yeah just to reiterate Josh’s main point here, I would have to put stealing on the more wrong side of the spectrum in this case
I just realized i just watched people say the same thing for 6 minutes
6 minutes of, "i agree with josh", is just perfection.
Gus: 6 minutes of agreeing with Josh  1.3 million people: *interesting*
*How many children are in this classroom??*
this is so accurate
Was waiting for the "then why would someone steal my whiteboard marker?!" punchline 😅
Tbh gus this vid kinda stretches the joke too long
This video is way to long and repetitive...
I was waiting for that one guy to be like “eh, stealing all right in my book under the right circumstance”
Worst part is everybody else was stealing joshs opinion
why
I usually like the videos a lot but the only bad thing about this is the video shouldn’t have been made no disrespect though I love like all the other videos
This isn’t as accurate as the other school type videos
Josh for president
How has this gone on for 6 minutes
How many kids are in this class? 😂
I think I might agree with Josh
1 minute in and I'm thinking "there's no way that this is going to go for 6 full minutes"
Online college class discussion boards be like...
imagine all of this only it’s over zoom
6 Minutes Later...
I used to never want to read out loud or share my writing out loud because all the girls in the class would literally talk shit to me. Middle school was so fucked up.
I think stealing is good
I also agree with josh to
I watched this whole thing and honestly I feel nothing like no anger cause I wasted time or happiness that it was good, I just feel that I had to do it and I did
I was really hoping that the one guy who puts serious thought into complicated questions would say it depends and get ripped by the teacher.
josh seems like an intelligent dude
I was waiting for the devil's advocate who disagrees just to be edgy.
Thats the biggest middle school class ever
I think Gus just invested for a new 📸📹 this look crisp af! NICE ONE GUS🤘
this is just annoying
How many people are in that class?
100% true
How to waste 6min of your life
Oh I get it
I don't get it
Y'all notice the Thing-A-Majigs t shirt at 2:15
This Is So accurate
This video was actually about T shirts and not Josh
Don’t forget the one kid who tries to out-answer everyone who just happens to be the teachers pet
How the f is he so funny idk y but he just is🤣😭🤣❤️💯  (Well what I’m saying is what JOSH SAID)😂👌
I was taking this a a joke then the next day in math class the same thing happened just not with stealing but I agree with josh
I agree with josh 👌
I agree with Josh!       Although that new iPhone's lookin' kinda swag!  I'll just take it without asking and give it back in a year...that's not stealing though!
God damnit Gus, what was your shirt budget on this?! If you don’t write off the shirt expenses you’re going to go to poorhouse for sure.
I set this to 2x speed lmao
Everybody is talking about the fact that it’s 6 minutes         But I’m wondering how there is so many students in one class
I’m in middle school and I can confirm this is accurate
Then we all have that delinquent student who tries to justify stealing.       No? Just my class?
Josh is wrong. Stealing is great.         Whatta narc
This just a cover for them all to display their wide variety of outfits.
Welcome to American universities too.
POV: you went to comments after 2 minutes
This still happens with middle school but no one really tries after 6th grade
These were the longest 6 minutes of my life
Uhh yes the 248 student class
Why did I watch this?
The teacher to student ratio is bad.
The last minute was totally worth it
Yeah I agree with Josh to, he has amazing  point.... *hides office supplies stolen from my classmates*
I *disagree* with josh
I wanted too but I couldnt look away. You and the gang are true masters of comedy Gus well done.
Is there someone that actually watched the whole video?
In my middle school class it used to go like that: 1 person telling something, 2 person tells something opposite, just to disagree with 1, 3 person disagree with both of them and so on, everyone tried to show that he has his own point of view, even though everybody knew who is right ;)
Ah I remember why I was sleeping in class all the time
1:35 what’s pewds doin here?
spoiler: stealing is bad
I expected some edgyboy to say he supports stealing.
I agree with josh stealing is really bad
It's amazing how the comments think Josh said stealing is bad. He said it is wrong. Get it straight, guys.
Ya know what I think josh is right
So just to clarify we all agree with Josh's cutting conclusion that stealing is indeed most of the times in question when put to a peer assessment largely very good for community
Yea, josh is right, someone just stole 6 mins of my life and i feel a little disappointed so.. yea, i definitley agree  Lol... kidding, Gus can always surprise me hahah
There needs to be a "because..." and go on for another 3 minutes basically saying the same thing over and over again and losing track of what they were talking about before repeating their first point again
This is how it is in college too
Hey so uh I just want to agree with josh. I think he said it perfectly that stealing is in fact wrong.
painfully correct
I just fucking realized the joke: *They're all stealing Josh's Answer*
I like how they’re all arguing about how stealing is wrong while they’re all stealing Josh’s response.
I’m that one kid who’s just like: “Well Josh could be correct but like it depends on why they steal like if you stole to feed your family it might be okay...” then we all starts a riot and everyone is throwing chairs arguing about moral philosophy.
How did they make a 6 minute video on this?
"Just to piggyback off of what Josh said, I would say that stealing is wrong and it's also not right."
Not much different from Twitter conversations go with grown adults in 2020.
This video is way too long like we got the joke       Stealing is wrong
How many shirts did they go through...
This should be called 6 thousand ways to agree with Josh
True
If I had to stick my neck out on this one I gotta agree with josh stealing is bad
I’d have to agree with josh, ya know. I mean what he said is really relatable right?
im pretty sure all the Johnson's look the same just with variations of hairstyle and face/jawline shape
1984 achieved: remove everyone with a differing opinion
As a middle schooler I can confirm this is all true
this is the best T-shirt and jacket fashion show I ever attended.
You forgot that one smart kid that explains why stealing is bad but also comes up why it could be good or something in some cases.
so like i really agree with josh cause yeah I mean stealing is bad ... so yeah
So many great starting points for my next discussion board post
My favorite part was when they  said they hated stealing.
3:12 “I don’t like you” i love teachers when they don’t like their students
3:13
I learned that Josh is right
Lies too many hands up in sequence
You brothers and that triangle smile
I was always the kid who said stealing is good
I ate three entire pieces of pizza while watching this
I just watched 6 minutes of this.   What is wrong with me
Josh is a friggin genius.
Shit, you did Socratic seminars in middle school too?
Is it just me or is there a crap load of kids in this class.
After so many times I could only hear Sven say “The ceiling is bad”
if you are from ur ela class hi hows it going
There’s no way that’s not Gus’s sister
I find it interesting how everyone says that josh said "stealing is bad" when in reality he said "stealing is wrong"
I agree with josh
I would like to take Josh’s answer and, without his consent, use it as my own. I want to remove his answer from him and make it my answer. Because stealing is bad. And that’s my view of the subject.
Stealing is bad  **sad Robin Hood noises**
my brain kept hearing The Ceiling Is Bad
They should show this in prison, dont think anyone would steal after watching this cause Josh had a pretty good point
This is what I’m going through at uni now 🤕
I would of died if Josh was stealing someone at the end
this is every online college forum ever where everyone is forced to respond
Just a friendly reminder this is a 6 minute long video
Yeah i agree with josh too
i was waiting for the nerdy kid to spend 5 minutes giving a nerdy talk on stealing
Wtf did i just watch
I think stealling is bad.....
Josh for the president !
I agree with josh, stealing is bad.
This is an April fools in September
Who is josh
Ah man...it's even worst in college. Professors: Can anyone answer this question or Meet your classmates. College Students: ........
6 minutes of my life wasted
But like. Not just middle school. This is just school🤷‍♀️
This is the best 6 minutes I've ever spent in my entire life
Well ima watch the whole thing I guess maybe there is a plot twist
Stealing is wrong depending on who you steal from
this video feels 45 minutes long
i liked the part where he said "stealing is wrong"
6 minutes 38 seconds.Amazing. 1.5mill views. I'm a musician. I have no work right now. 6 minutes 38 seconds. 1.5 mill views.  ...   .... ............
Is that Napoleon Dynamite
Piggybacking off what josh said I think stealing is bad especially when we look at it from his perspective
Im still unclear as to what the general concensus of this class is. Plz advise.
*why did I just watch a video about students agreeing with another student for 6 minutes straight*
I’m gonna go out on a limb here and say Josh is right:stealing is bad. There is one exception though, me practically “stealing his answer!”
Yeah im gonna have to side with Josh here. We should just cancel stealing already!
In class today we had a 2nd amendment discussion the class was pretty split
Gus, please make some content about Boris Johnson and how much he has molested the UK  I need some serotonin bro Also, all of our last names is Johnson so you kind of have to 🤗
Almost brings a tear to my eye. How could someone so young say something so brave... Outstanding kid, that Josh.
Steals pens and eraser next day.
I forgot his name but umm... Josh! That's his name. Uhh stealing is a bad thing to do.
This is how my company's Microsoft teams calls go. Especially the last answer.
After the first five classmates, my attention immediately shifted to the video length. Understood what was going on, and proceeded to watch the remaining 6 minutes.
Josh really ʰⁱᵗ ᵗʰᵉ ⁿᵃⁱˡ ᵒⁿ ᵗʰᵉ ʰᵉᵃᵈ there
Yea I also think Josh really 𝓱𝓲𝓽 𝓽𝓱𝓮 𝓷𝓪𝓲𝓵 𝓸𝓷 𝓽𝓱𝓮 𝓱𝓮𝓪𝓭
this hits too close to home it's making me cringe
The joke was stretched out.
this felt like the longest 6 minutes in my life
If you’re reading this I want you to know that God loves you and He cares about you so much that He became a man (Jesus Christ) and died for you. Repent and believe in the gospel, He is the ONLY way to heaven. You can’t get into heaven by doing good works and you don’t have to go to a priest to confess anything. Cry out to Him through prayer He will not turn you away.  Dive into His word (The Bible) for guidance and do not continue in your sins. Make His word the final say in your life.  Visit living waters and the beat by Allen Parr (YouTube) for more clarity.  God bless ❤️  For those who want to get saved: https://youtu.be/ajWdkuvrT6s  Also to any Muslims who see this (actually click the links) https://youtu.be/5NXtIUv5i2w https://youtu.be/6oGLWsrp8PM https://youtu.be/sxOM4GrqElw  https://youtu.be/mGysOICFRlk .
drink every time someone says Josh.
I don’t really agree with josh personally
i agree with josh
I AGREE WITH JASH😂🤣😂🤣😂
Bru
How many students are in this class?
I’m too drunk what the fuck is that
The worst part of this is I watched it TWICE the whole way through
Who else just watched to the end
About 2 minutes later in this video later:   My brain: are chicken carnivores?
Remember stealing is good
I agree with josh when he said something I agree with
To those who say the video is too long: teach a middle school class. You’ll find the video is too short.
josh
Dude, unpopular opinion but i think stealing is like not good, sort of like what josh said.
Ya Josh is a smart guy stealing that's bad.
Fun drinking game. Every time they say josh. Take a drink!!
This happened in my classroom today. It was terrible.
That's a big class
Why did i watch this all they way through lmfao
Is this all Gus' siblings? thats a good looking family
And then there's the one guy that says "I love stealing"
Did anyone else watch this all the way through without skipping?  Because I didn't.
(finish reading before yelling at me)  Once a cop was at our school to talk about Traffic safety and stuff  He asked something along the lines of: "There is a saying that goes "Women On the sterring wheel = constant danger", does anyone agree?"  And I was the literal ONLY one to raise my hand   After he showed all the statistics and stuff, I did change my point of view, and in fact learned that according to the numbers, women actually tend to be safer when driving   Im a changed man now.
This video felt like an eternity
I think what josh said really hit home with me and I believe stealing is bad as well
This entire comment section is just going to be people agreeing with each other isn't it
Am I the only one who watched this whole 6 min vid and didn’t get the joke until the end?
why does this feel like fucking hours
Who is blonde Sven?
if i stole a bible from a sinner would that make my a holy man
There's like 33 kids in that classroom
*Sunday school pastor*
They all said _“stealing is bad”_ while *_literally stealing_* Josh's answer
I know it’s an unpopular opinion, but I’m just gonna come right out and say it. Stealing is bad.
Yeah haha students all agree but honestly I chalk this discussion being redundant is on the teacher. Like c'mon man
This is just 6 minutes of people saying they agree with josh... *and i love it*
How did napoleon dynamite get here
You forgot about the guy who decides to loudly disagree, then fold his arms and smirk as if he isn't bothered by the fact that the entire class now thinks she's an asshole.
Thor is so large
How many people are in their class!!
Oh my god
Wait...what did josh say again
I spent the entire video waiting for a punch line
I didn't check the timeline once.
I happen to agree with Josh too, because stealing is bad. I like how he said that stealing is bad, and his statement really stood out to me.
Why did I watch the whole thing?
I can’t believe I just watched that for 6 minutes😂
How many Johnsons are in this class tho???
funny. this happens all the time at uni in classes where the amount of times you speak is your participation points.
Gus in a denim jacket is looks disturbingly cool
I think josh is the only one who watched this whole video
I agree with Gus
This is made to be skipped through. Haha
I'm mad that not a single kid said something like "to play devil's advocate here..." and then somehow connect it to hitler doing nothing wrong or something
I can't believe I watched nearly 7 minutes of this shit just because I wanted to support you... I played myself
About the quality of this video, I'd have to agree with josh. He said it was bad which I agree with.
Well..... that's 6 minutes and 39 seconds of my time that I'm never getting back....
Can we just get an hour of this but every time they switch students the costume gets slightly more ridiculous
Gus, you remind me of Dwight Shrute. That one Napoleon dynamite guy was wearing a shrute farms shirt soooo....
2:25 that’s Napoleon dynamite
Someone says a good answer.  Me and everyone: aww man I was going to say that dang it.  Some people: I agree with what that guy said.   Half a percent of people: intelligent answer
Not to get political or anything...      But I agree with Josh
Wait what’s their opinion on stealing?
As a middle school teacher I would like to confirm that yes, this is an accurate “open floor” style discussion
Are these all his siblings?
I agree. I think. No Wait. Stealing is. Um ya. It's really. Not great. But um. Is Bad
I agree with josh stealing is pretty bad.
I love how Gus brought in all the siblings for this. Also, Josh did have a point.
i just watched 6 minutes of people saying "I agree with Josh"
Y E A H   I   T H I N K   C E I L I N G   I S   B A D
this went on too long
just remember            if its chain its free range
Stealing is bad but three students stole the teacher's shirt.
How many kids are in this class?
Wow i liked the part where they agreed with josh
Legend says that people are still agreeing with josh
why I hear that the ceiling is bad?
How many different ways can you say stealing is bad
Bru just say it your teacher sucked.
What was Josh wearing again?
Mom: So what did you learn today? Me: Stealing is wrong
So, where do we finally stand on Stealing?
Petition for Josh to run for Presidential Election 2020. I agree that stealing is bad, he has my vote, and I believe that morally it is an accurate conclusion that statistically, stealing is bad.
Why... Why did I watch this?
When someone gunna disagree
if anything is to be learned from this video, it's that josh was... um, like, the amount of accuracy in, in his statement was just... a lot. Really good, what he said, that. I agree with him and the things he sa-his statement, that he said. I think he figured it out pretty good.
I agree with Josh that stealing is bad
6 minutes and 38 seconds...
Did I just watch 6 mins of “I agree with josh” “ stealing is bad”
Josh never said stealing was bad though, he said it was wrong!
Really wish I knew how Josh felt about the subject
This is a good promo to show looters.
When the kids realize they are stealing Josh's idea...
Everyone's talking about Josh but no one noticed the teacher's hair
Yes
I agree with Josh.
Interesting discussion.
I think we can all agree that Josh is right that stealing is bad
I don’t even know how they made this over 6 minutes without it becoming dull-
this is the biggest class i think i have ever seen for middleschool. i think there were about 60 people in one class here
Fuk I did not enjoy watching this for 6 minutes, that was actually painful😂😂😆😂😭😭😭
Something tells me Gus Johnson got stolen from and made this video to let out his angst
Yeah, what Josh said
They all have the same teeth
Yea ima have to agree stealing is bad
When Josh said that stealing was bad, I felt that
it's funny cuz it's true
I get it, pretty much every teacher in Middle School ask a generic question which it was impossible to answer incorrectly and so when you go around the room and ask every child you're going to get the same fucking answer.. it's not really discussion at that point
josh does make a fair point
Discussion forums in college are like this, too. :/
You made 6 minutes feel like an hour. pravo.
Ya Josh is right, he really got it out there with what he said that stealing Is bad, just can agree more
Did i really just watch this vid.  Damn my life sucks
I agree with josh
Since when do middle schoolers talk like this? 😂
2 minutes in I was like... man... this is long..  4 minutes in.. Maybe I should see how much longer?  6 minutes in, the fuck....
There’s usually that ONE kid who has the opposite answer with plenty of counterpoints, then everyone attacks them for having a differing opinion
I would also like to say that I agree with Josh. Stealing is bad. I agree with him.
You're missing that kid who made a better point that no one else has made yet
i just watched 6 minutes and 38 seconds  of people saying they agreed with josh
"Vote for Pedro " 😂😂👍
Can I just say that was a painful 6 minutes that I still watched all of
I had to go back to the beginning to remember who josh was
so nobody’s gonna talk about Thor’s flowing mane? his glorious golden locks?
Middle School? Bro people still do this in college.
Never saw such accurate
I literally just got the joke,they all stole josh’s answer
Watching this video made me want to slam my head into the pavement. This joke did not need to be dragged out for 6 MINUTES
my online class in 2020. . .
As much as Josh may be correct. It matters not the answer but the effort put into it. Josh's simple minded answer was excluded and therefore taken out of any possibility or probability of being any good. so in my conclusion Josh's claim may have been correct but his effort and motivation was the beginning of his end.
The fact that you stretched out a 3 minute video to minutes is absolutely hilarious
Ok this was funny for the first like 30 seconds, but 6 minutes was a little long.
this has been the longest six minutes of my life and i will never forgive you for that
We didn’t even get a Joshua is correct he wins
I cant believe this went on for six minutes
Sven’s hair is ridiculous
I like that he remembered to include the guy that speaks only in metaphors
The script is josh right stealing bad
Dude you have Napoleon dynamite in your class lucky
The Johnsons looked in their closets & dressers, saw a bunch of clothes they haven't worn in a while because of lockdowns, & they came up with a video idea so they could wear all of their clothes again.
I agree with Josh that stealing is not good
I felt like this video was in loop
Who's the girl in this video? Gus's sister?
Longest 6 minutes of my life
Why did I watch all of this
And this whole time Josh was stealing from everyones bags while they agreed
The longer it went on, the funnier it became 🤣 Total Family Guy vibes 👌🏻
As a middle schooler, I can 100% agree
Plot twist the teacher loves stealing
The real question is, just how many kids does this one class have?
I like how this went on for 6 minutes of “I agreed with josh”
i agree with josh
Gus should of made this video go for an hour or something. I would appreciate hearing the opinions of the students whom didn’t speak.
Nobody This video: 6 minutes of people saying yeah i agree with josh on this
This video is to long
Drink apple juice  'cause OJ will kill you.    AGREED 100%
I disagree with josh
omg it goes on
What I got from this was that taxation is really bad.
Gus's sister looks like himself with a girl snapchat filter
I agree with Josh
Dammit Gus, you made me watch 6 minutes of the same like, 5-10 seconds
guys I am not sure but i think josh is the smart kid here.....
3:07 When the teacher is honest
Middle school? I'm in college and this is how I pretty much reply to everyone in our online discussions
Love your work bud but not gonna lie, once I hit about 4 mins in I had to turn the playback speed to x2. lmao
Yeah I agree with what they said, oh yeah agreeing their last statement, oh referring back to that last one, you know kick flip n no scope collateral head shotting off what they said last time.
what do the teachers expect when they make you lose points if you dont talk lol
Stealing is justifiable
I agree with josh
The reality of this is hilarious and sad
I didn't know I was so famous...
Me: not wanting the teacher to call on me.  The teacher: how about yes
This. Is. So. Fucking. True.
I just sitting here thinking how long does this go on for??
Moral of the story; stealing is bad.... that’s kinda what Josh said but y’know
I highly disagree with josh his idea isn’t very good there’s many flaws with it he hasn’t even given any reasons why
I'm not done I'm almost to the but how many kids are in this class???? xD
Wtf
I disagree with Josh, stealing is cool
Ya know guys, I'm starting to think that stealing is bad
Due to my personal perspective and viewpoint shaped by my upbringing, experience, and group exposure I have come to an astute observation that my fellow classmate whose name is Josh has made a statement about stealing that lines perfectly up with my own opinion on the matter, thus I have come to the conclusion that the act of forcibly taking goods worth monetary value is an act that is widely considered to be bad.
Where's the kid who always turns the discussion toward weed legalization?
accurate 100
I wish someone said “I don’t know if anyone else has already said this but I personally don’t like stealing”
✨ ceiling is bad ✨
I los lik 6 briann cels 3 minetes inn
The point of the joke going on for 6 minutes and im not even mad.  Love this lol
I'm starting to think that stealing is bad
Yeah imma have to agree with Josh. Stealing is not good
I forgot who Josh is, but i also agree with him.
When we had these kind of discussions, this is an almost perfect representation of what it was. I hated these and literally lost brain cells due to it.
Blackboard discussion posts be like...
I actually agree with what Josh said. I think stealing is bad, like Josh said.
The ending tho
this reminds me of groupthink in cult organizations like Jehovah's Witnesses
I would have to agree with josh
When you knew, but watched the whole thing anyways.
I think that they think that stealing is bad, correct me if I'm wrong.
god damn it
The longest 6 minute long video ever
Stealing is bad M'kay.. You shouldn't steal...
1:26 that was me in school lol lol
Now class, why is stealing bad?
the joke gets boring after 30-45 seconds
Fake: not that much people raise their hand in class
Middle school? This is college.
Damn. I was actually kind of excited when that kid disagreed with Josh on that one.
The class murder 4:29
Is no one gonna talk about that kick-ass OJ shirt?
To circle back to what Josh said, stealing is bad.
there were 30 peeps in this class. wtf
Every single sentence is something I literally heard no joke tjis is so accurate
god this was painful but so so true
I'm so glad it kept going
josh and everyone: "stealing is bad" everyone: stealing joshs opinion
This must’ve been a pain to film omg
How
I literally fell asleep watching this, yes it was 1:30 am but still...
I'm just thinking about that how the fuck did this video lasted more tham 6 minutes.
Yeah... I mean... I'm kinda going to have to agree with Josh on this one here. Stealing is pretty bad.. so... um yeah
It’s just the same thing over and over least funniest channel that tries to be funny.
3:42 I have those same pants in blue
6 minutes of four people changing outfits and agreeing with Josh. Yeah that's middle school exactly
How discussions go in my school:  "Ok everyone we're going to open the floor to discussion. Anyone want to say anything?"  *DEAD SILENCE*
The middle school hive mind
Josh is affirmative that using your hands to take items without permission or giving green paper or metal to a human at Walmart is the opposite of good
This was probably difficult to record but how did he turn this into 6 and a half minutes and is still funny 😁
Your next video should be getting ready for a middle school assembly...
This video is soooo right im scared
I was waiting for the kid that was like “stealing is f**king awesome”
Stealing is uncool. Thanks
Ngl I was kinda expecting the last person to be black
0:26 Is it just me or he kind of looks like young Jeffrey Dahmer in the movie "My Friend Dahmer"?
Tf did I just watch lol 😂
I agree with stealing
Ha! Jokes on all of you! No one goes to school anymore!
Who didn't skip
This just reminds me of the class collectivly messing w the teacher
Just a really pretty family wearing different shirts and agreeing with josh
who josh
Plot twist: Josh was wrong
The Vote for Pedro shirt really took me back
The longest time I’ve heard josh
I can't believe this is only 6:30 minutes i thought it was like an hour watching this .-_.-
Nah stealing is the best as an airsoft I try my best to steal my teammates mags when I borrow them and if I get my hands on one of there guns u bet I’m not giving that back and I just book it to the exit
Dude WTF
Shit I did this last year during my junior year in high school.
no offense, in my opinion. this video was lazy or rather too long. sure there is some things like "can you sit normal" but i felt like there was little to no thought into this video. anyone else? if not lazy its def to long.
So dedicated to the joke, I adore it
He hoo tell that to the looters
My name is josh so I gotta agree with josh in this one.
I personally think Gus is right but the teacher's laptop i sold on ebay really got me wealthy
Synopsis: We all some punk bitches!
Yo why are there 40 people in this middle school class??😂🤣🧐
Why does everybody hate stealing? It’s actually really fun- Wait, Josh said stealing is bad? Ya, stealing sucks
bold of you to assume the children would talk
Why did I watch this whole video?
I can agree with the statement that Josh have said, stealing is wrong.
6 minutes of people agreeing with Josh
I felt that when he said i agree with josh 😔
I agree with Gus on this one. That really hits it on the nail, as to like, how those discussions went. Especially in like middleschool. But that might be similar to what Gus said.
Ill make my statement that is different  Stealing is not good and is of course horrible for everybody , But why would they? Lets take a country that teaches people politeness and there government helps them. If nobody needs to steal and they get help, there would be no thefts. It not only depends on the people, it also depends on the country/government and the people that teach them and people they live with.
I really watched that whole video
Plot twist: what does the professor think about stealing?
For the first time in my life, i can frankly say i 100% agree with Josh
ceiling=bad don't raise the roof
I want a behind the scenes on this
This is literally college too. In person or on online discussion boards, this is literally a college lecture.
When I was about two minutes in, I checked to see how long the video was. I then proceeded to watch the rest of the video to find out who else agreed with Josh.
I cannot believe I sat through that whole thing
Is that your sister?  You two look exactly alike.
Stealing is bad  37 / 37 children agree  Checkmate theives
Josh started it all
This reminds me of sitting in on safety briefs and don’t beat your beer and drink your wife and drive classes in the Marine Corps.
The drink apple juice shirt is fucking priceless.
“jOsH tOoK mY- jOsH i WaS gOnNa SaY tHaT”
This video could've been 60 seconds big dawg
this was the longest 6 minute video ever
Ik it’s a 6 minute video of them saying the same thing over and over again, but has that stopped me watching it 4 times. No. It hasn’t
As a middle schooler I can confirm this is how conversations go
did u just use ur middle finger in a church  :////// idk i’d like to point out that’s pretty bad
I also agree with Josh, stealing is not good
No ones even talking about how good the teacher’s mannerisms are
This is so true, even as a freshmen.
I agree with josh
they should show this to people caught stealing to make them go insane and never steal again...... kinda like what josh said
frighteningly accurate
Why do i suddenly want to fight my 7th grade self
I thought that at the end one kid would disagree with Josh and then the whole class would start agreeing with him.
So nobody is going to talk about how many look alike kids they have in that class
they all stole josh's answer
Josh is a freaking legend let’s just all agree with that
who else watched the whole thing?
This is painfully unfunny
oh by the way, I'm not going to watch 5 minutes of the same punchline over and over
not when  I was in middle school, even the jocks would have cited examples of how stealing had an effect on people who they knew, and the objective overall impact on society's attitudes.
6:05 OH MY GOD!!!! OH MY GOD!!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHH EVERYONES GONNA DIE
How many students are there in one class
How many kids are in this fucking class lmao
I laughed so hard omg.
I also agree with josh stealing is wrong
Girls in class: Make a meaningful contribution  Boys in class:
Petition for making this a 10 hour video
I also want to agree with josh and say that stealing is bad
We all stan Josh
The Emmy goes to gus. For best family
This is 100% accurate
If anyone was wondering, they said "Josh" 43 times in this video.  Thanks to saltydogcody0 for correcting me and saying it's 43, had to rewatch a total of 6 times but he was right!
I used six minutes of my life watching people say "Stealing is Bad"  And I don't regret it
Josh a genius and trend setter
Man, Josh is really a forerunner of original thought. He says one thing and not a single person in the class disagrees.
Y'all see the username? Yeah, pls help
This video is do fake,have you seen how many students there was in this classroom ? That has to be a fake !
I think josh is right
Me at the beginning: “There’s no way this goes on for 6 minutes straight”  Video: “Bet”
Just had pretty much the same experience in high school today lol
I love the different shirts
Lol.  This would be funnier if it weren't true.
This is just canvas discussions when the teacher requires you to comment on other student's posts.
Why did I watch the whole video
The length of this video really does drag you by the kneecaps back to the endless feeling that these discussions wrought
You forgot the "I forgot what I wanted to say"
This is when no one read the material except Josh. You forgot (and the one I used a lot) “I don’t know if this has already been said I don’t remember hearing someone say this, but stealing isn’t ok”
I was the ”I don’t normally agree with josh” kid
Who stole from you Gus?
i lov the part where the guy says, "stealing is bad"
My favorite part was when they said "Josh"
I cant believe I actually watched that whole thing
You know guys I think I agree with Josh
I think josh is right with the stealing is bad idea
Is no one gonna talk about every time they were gonna say something they changed shirts
"gonna play devil's advocate here and say what if stealing... was good?"
how did this go on for six minutes and i watched the entire thing
I agree with Josh
What a waste of time... but what a good waste of time...
I think the ceiling's  bad too.
I'm the Josh in this scenario
Josh comes at 0:14 he is the messiah
I watched that whole stupid 6 minute video
So is stealing bad or good?
You know personally I think stealing isn’t bad
Ya I think stealing is bad I’m with josh on this one
Am I the only one who heard  “josh is right the *CEILING* is bad.”  At 0:30
This is honestly just lazy..
Dudes, there is definitely a plus for sharing a opinion with the class. If you get 3 of them, you will get an A. SO I AM GONNA REPEAT THAT JOSH IS RIGHT AS LONG AS IT'S NECESSARY
stealing is'nt bad
As a former middle school student I can confirm this is 100% accurate. Only make it 5 times longer.
Honestly stealing isn't always bad depending on the consequences and ur reason ☺️
DONT SIT ON THE CHAIR LIKE THAT PLEASE SIT NORMAL😂😂😂😂
Well you obviously don’t think stealing is bad, bc you just stole 6 and a half minutes of my time
I also agree with Josh, his point is clear and concise
Is stealing bad?
How many kids are in this class?
I think Josh is right stealing is not good
Don’t use drugs kids, and also, drugs don’t use kids, mmmkay
Why did I watch all of this
Hidden Kleptomaniac and School Teacher seeks sympathy from his students: only becomes anxious as he finds more scorn for who he is.
I think ceiling is wrong.
To everyone complaining about the 6 mins: That's how long it lasts normally, that's normal don't see any problems here
I was waiting for a black dude to disagree with josh 😂
This reminds me of college...
6 minutes of my life well spent U-U
Let’s go josh
Our class is dead quiet like no breathing allowed and 4 students gotten points for even talking lol
What the hell is this video and I love it
6 minutes of stealing bad, I'm proud of myself
How presidential debates went in middle school. Nothing much has changed...
How did you trick me for nearly 7 mins?
They even got the hair styles right
5 hours later
What did josh say
J O S H
I feel like all these people are from the Midwest and Idk why...
jesus this thing was 6 minutes long
NGL  Josh is right
I’m inclined to agree with Josh when he said stealing was bad
I think Josh was right on the money here
This is too real and brings back bad memories
This explains so much
Girl?¿ in VIBEO? Girl not in vibeo befOUR??? Hoo is girl??¿
Me: I'm not agreed with Josh actually... Everyone: so you have chosen death..
you forgot the kid who agrees with josh but does not agree with someone who also agrees with josh
man josh nailed it. whoever doesnt agree with josh should die
I think stealing may be good 😄😇
Thats a pretty big class
How did he make a 6 minute video last 20 minutes?
This applies to online college discussion boards too
Stealing is wrong, Josh is right.  Btw i keep hearing them say ceiling is bad
That teacher sure got - The point
Why am I watching a 6 minute video of this
Wow gus has a lot of very attractive siblings. Also just gonna say this totally looks like it was filmed in a church classroom.
Little did they know that the teacher was about to teach why stealing is right.
I need every one of these T-shirts.
I’m 1 minute in and I hope it’s just 6 minutes of them agreeing with Josh.
This is too real
this could have been done in 3
The "Drink apple juice, cause oj will kill you" priceless
Has no one noticed that Josh has agreed with Josh about a dozen times
they forgot about that one teachers pet that always have the best description 🤣🤣
6:38 of people saying stealing is bad
Why does this feel like my philosophy class in high school..
I skipped through most of this video, wish to hell i could have done the same for school
That’s a freaking huge class
Since when did The Office and South Park have a kid?!
It's same for every country woah!
It was fun to see all the siblings in this one!
This goes on for just long enough to almost make me want to kill myself
Yeah I think stealing is bad. Gus is right
Stealing is cool though
I thought something had to change before the very end but it didn't
So other videos that should be longer than 2 minutes don't get to see the luxury of breaking 5 minutes, but this gets almost 7 minutes? Josh, what's your opinion on this?
MIDDLE SCHOOL?? this is STILL how my discussions are going in college 😭
Wow no one's ever agreed with my thoughts this much before.
I didn't agree with Josh at first, but he really won me over at the end
6 min of i agree with him/her
It hurts
How many times do they have to change clothes ?:0
I listened to like 60 of them. Then clicked the seekbar. I was halfway through.
After the day? What’d u learn today sweetie? Nothing mom, nothing.
This video should be titled "Online College Class Discussion Board"
I honestly truly think that Josh was spot on. I think that stealing is pretty bad and not good.
I agree with Josh.
Is it just me or did the 3rd guy say the ceiling is bad 0:30
They all just stole each other's answers...
Can we get a josh count
Whether or not stealing is bad is completely circumstantial. Stealing from a store, bad. Stealing nuclear launch codes from a super-villain trying to destroy earth, good. Stealing your mom's credit card so you can subscribe to Gus Johnson at https://www.twitch.tv/gusjohnson, good.
I cannot believe I actually watched this whole video
Holy shit. Leave it to Gus to make a 6 minute video like this. I watched every second btw :)
False the quit kid didn't reach for his bag
wow gus looks so good in these different wigs
Why did I watch the hole thing
Every 10 seconds I touched my screen to see if I was at the end of the video to see if the punchline was coming
This is quite the endurance test... teachers are heroes
This family has so many shirts
I'm high af rn.. did i have a stroke or did i just watch a long ass video of people agreeing with josh. Because josh, like said it best, stealing is wrong.
Yeah I’d also have to agree with josh because stealing is bad. 🤷🏻‍♀️
I agree josh really got it straight on this one because like josh said I think stealing is bad so yeah
Gus goes onto youtube studio and looks at average watch time on this video. Gus: Seriously? These idiots watched this ENTIRE VIDEO?!?
lmao all of you look so much alike and have the same charm.. you shuld all 3 find something you can make peopel laugh with and do it forever .. i mean its rare to have 3 siblings doing comedy
That moment when you're 3 minutes in and you're only half way through.
I legit started to go insane after 3 times
what gus said
I don't think stealing is non-bad.
I think that Josh guy was right when he said stealing was bad, I can agree that it's pretty bad
Has someone actually finished this video?
six minutes?
all major companies when speaking on racism. "racist suck we dont support it" yea... we know.
Middle schooler here can confirm
honestly, i think that josh was right-
My thoughts are,Steal is wrong but also good because you don’t need money to get your dreams but stealing is also bad josh was right
I like how you somehow you simulated the boredom of school.
Are they all related?.... cus they look like it
Wow hahaha
Josh brought up a good point earlier. I’d just have to completely agree with josh on this one.
I like how the teacher just keeps picking the students, it's like he knows that they can't think up of an original answer anyway so might as well go with the flow.
I want to just piggyback off of what josh said, I’m usually not a fan of josh but in this instance he has my support.
Well, that is one huge class of middle schoolers.
These students have cool t-shirts
We had way different experiences lmao. In my 6th grade, it woulda been total anarchy cause everyone wants to disagree with each other
usually, there was one person who said, "actually, I disagree" and had the most convoluted and specific argument in the world
I’m 2:58 in, there’s no way this is really boutta go on for 6 minutes
are you 4 actually related? cause you look all cute in the same way
Gus: Look at these stupid video ideas that would never work Also Gus: Lets make a 6 minute video agreeing with Josh
This is what imma send to people who steal from me
I was just waiting for someone to disagree
They literally went on for 2 minutes with this
How many people are in this class??!?
....so college then
Stealing isnt bad, its the whole concept of capitlism. Taking your profit margin at the top for no reason at all and people not knowing where the money went, governments changing their policy based on purchasing power...If the baker and chicken farmer raise prices the whole country would collapse becuase then you would have to raise purchasing power of the minima to match the price of bread, eggs and chicken. Basically all of us are getting stolen from but the way capitalism works is that the products get shittier so that less money gets stolen per purchase but the total amount of purchases increases. Also you hire managers and do nothing all day. just the first months you gotta keep track. After that you do the yearly "how well did you do" convo with the various CEO's and managers of your companies.  So Is stealing better then making everyhing shitty? I think it would. Personally I rather have some burglar steal half my shit once in 10 years then to face the development of shit as it is today. So if corporations where allowed to steal by law, but at the same time have an obligation to provide a proper product with care, I would totally vote for that ordinance.
this is just the same 4 guys with different t-shirts haha u almost got me there gus
Mmmm, ahhh, I see i see. Well it’s in agreement the stealing is wrong.
There’s always that one person that disagrees
Ya this is how my 9th grade class is to
this is online discussion board comments now that we're all at Zoom University
I wanna see this man make a full length feature film
This was not funny
His you mad genius you made me watch all six minutes to see if there was some sort of gag or joke somewhere in it and the closest it came was someone turning a chair
i'm not a regular here but... is that another of gus' many relatives?
Waiting for the BLM guy to call it ok because it's reparations.
Yep...everyone saying the same thing but in different words
Thought they said "The ceiling is bad" For a sec
2 words.....          George Floyd.
My favorite part of this video is when josh said stealing is bad
Are these guys siblings ? They look so alike!!!
Heck yeah Thor! Love the MSU shirt that’s my school!
Title should be changed to “how class discussions go, period.”
Middleschool? This exactly like my online college discussion boards
Steeling is wrong ain't I right gamerz
I’m gonna have to agree with josh guys I think stealings pretty bad
My husband was always the guy in class who disagreed with everyone hehe
I can't believe I lost six minutes of my life on this. 😂  All the mannerisms are on point haha!
I                agree with Josh
my name's josh. this is epic
I thought they said the ceiling was wrong wtf
wow this is as depth as my college discussion board posts are
as a former middle schooler, i can confirm this
Personaly I like stealing...........                 Ha lol
gus kinda look like micah from rdr2
idk how but he nailed everyone in my class impression
Who is the girl? Sorry I can’t find it in comments
Man, I was hoping this would go the “devil’s advocate” route at the end
Accurate
That Cealing is bad
I think josh made a really good point, his answer is certainly similar to mine in a number of ways and I just think that what he said really speaks for me and a number of our other classmates 🤷‍♂️
thor really does look like napoleon dynamite tho
I mean, stealing is bad, unless it's a choice between life or death. If i was  dying, and needed a specific type of medicin, but didn't have the money for it, i'd steal it, no questions asked. Rather alive and a thief, than dead and innocent.
but you stole 6 minutes & 38 seconds from me
That girl looks like Abby in TLoU part2
Josh... a hero we don't deserve lol
This goes on for soooooo long, like, I'm impressed.
How many shirts did they have to switch through. 6 minutes of this xD
Jeez, how many kids are in this class?
Yeah, ceiling is bad
Why does everyone have blue eyes?
I agree with josh.
Accurate
Josh
Yeah, no I'm with Josh on this. Stealing is pretty bad.
I think they agree with Josh
I just wasted 5 minutes of my life
You
I like how that dude with long hair has a shirt vote for pedro 1:26
Discuss? Hmmmmmmm      I think green is the imposter
This vidoe is jsut a bunch of ppl saying stealing is bad for six minutes
That was an astute observation by Josh on the ethical dilemma of stealing
One of these days josh is gonna say: yeah I agree with josh stealing’s wrong.                                         |
couldn’t be more happier to be named josh
Being named Josh really came through with this one.
How many people are in this class? 😂
1:28 anyone notice his shirt says vote for pedro and that he looks like the guy nopalin dynimate or however you spell it
Looking back to see what josh said😂
The only thing missing from this very accurate debate is ‘I hate to play devil’s advocate but, I think stealing isn’t too bad’
Gus!! MemerMan stole your tv for sale vid! It starts playing at 12:26 and is literally your whole thing... ☹
@ 4:18 and then @ 6:05 when the student and teacher, both, are wearing the SAME shirt 👔 😏😛🤣
Is this the entirety of the 6th students
Every one is so original in middle school. That was one of my favorite memories of those days, just... the ORIGINALITY. Anyone else have thoughts on that?
Gus reminds me a lot of the lead singer of Lord Huron.
WAIT GUYS, I think stealing might be bad. It's a Longshot but maybe.
As a once middle schooler, I can say that this is incorrect. There should be 30 seconds of silence between each answer
I think this video could have been like 3 minutes shorter but still super funny and accurate!
I just want to add that I, uh, like what Josh said about, uh, how like, how he, like, when he was talking, um, about stealing, and like, how he  said, um, that like, uh,  that stealing  is like, kinda is, uh, bad.
My take away after 6 minutes of this video is that stealing is good😃
Why did this go on for 6 mins and why r there so many kids in the class
All the BLM and ANTIFA idiots out looting right now disagree though..
Imma rip my hair out XD
I bet the script looks like a middle school persuasive essay. In conclusion, Josh eloquently states that stealing is not good.
How do you get access to a classroom for a video like this?
Guys I think stealing is bad
i have to disagree with josh. stealing is only bad when it is from small businesses. big companies are free reign.
World's biggest class
3:13
it's much worse now, at least where i live. first assignment after summer break, teacher had the class debate whether slavery had an effect on the civil war. of course, the debate was very heated, and when class was about to end the teacher said "there is no wrong answer" like wait what yes there is a wrong answer????
Let me just play devils advocate here and perhaps introduce the idea that stealing may not inherently be as bad as our fellow classmate, Josh, supposedly believes.
Josh count: 43
I bet josh is no. 1 in his class very smart old man
I also agree with josh
Got a video notification 6 days after I watched it
You forgot the part when stealing is bad
actually this is online college discussions when it says to reply to two posts
remember children, everything is free if you run fast enough :)
Josh: Stealing is bad.  *Cuts to Let's Game It Out*
this is kinda what Josh said but like i think that umm stealing is umm really bad
How many students are in this class?!
6 minutes of my life I'll never fuckin get back thanks alot
this is what goes through joshs mind when he is charged with theft.
Who else was compelled to raise their hand?
every student here had me hangin on their every word.... and i will say i think that point josh brought up about stealing being bad is pretty conclusive... stealing = bad... well put!
u forgot to say, "well, so and so has done a great job paticipating, but lets hear from someone else now."
i don’t like how political the end got
This was drug on waaaaaayyyyyy to  long
yo i thought thor was sven for a second his hair gave me whiplash
Josh after watching everyone steal his answer: 👁👄👁
This entire thing is correct
I agree with Josh
We called them harknesses in my high school lol
Josh doesn’t simp for stealing , and I agree with that
Bruh wdym this is like my highschool lmaoooo
This video is your friend who tells a joke and it's funny so he just keeps adding on and everyone else in the group has gotten over the humor but the friend doesn't pick up on it.
You forgot the initial awkward moments after the teacher says “so... who wants to start?” where everyone just sits and stares at each other because no one wants to go first lol
In my opinion guys, I agree with Josh. I think stealing is bad
This feels like a lot mote than 6 minutes
He must've had a legal obligation to make this.
how did u you make six minutes feel like two hours
bruh i hate mayself for watching the hole vid btw keep it up
6 and a half minutes of this
This was the complete opposite of a waste of time 🤣 so accurate
"Drink apple juice 'cause OJ will kill you."  Where can I get one of those shirts?
I was tricked into watching a 6 minute josh loving video where all they say is stealing is bad in different ways and i kinda liked it
I think you mean college discussion boards when you have to reply to 2 other ppl
this left me with one question: is stealing bad?
I agree that it’s funny that they are saying stealing is bad while stealing josh’s answer. Kinda going off of what someone else was saying so we’re kinda on the same page there that it’s funny.
I found the idea of this skit funny but in my opinion, you made it repetetive to the point that it lost its comedy appeal.
Just show this to a thief he'll stop stealing in no time
Can we get a 10 hour time lapse of this?
A student: "So, I think stealing could potentially be justified in some ---"  Teacher: "Nope. WRONG."   A student: "Wait, no, I haven't---"   Teacher: "Wrong and immoral. Go the Principal's office."   A student: "Isn't this supposed to be---"   Teacher: "PRINCIPAL'S!!! OFFICE!!!!!"
cant believe i watched 6 mins of this
As a middle schooler can confirm
That girl has to be is sister. They are really look alike
Josh is now the cool kid
6:38 seconds, I just spent 6:38 seconds of my life watching this.
Why can’t POLITICS amiright guys!? Gah!
how did you get so many actors for this? and they ALL agree. phenomenal
now that's a large classroom
Ngl you got me in the fist half
"4 people saying the same thing while wearing 50 different shirts for longer than you'd expect"
If think josh think stealing is bad
6 minutes of everyone agreeing to one statement
This reminds me of when u have a multiple choice answer in a game and it just recycles the same cut scenes lmao
Gus, you can and will do better than this next time, how the fuxk am I supposed to share this on my Facebook page that has 34 friends? What are they supposed to laugh at, Gus? This?! THIS?!?! TTHHIISS??!!??!! No. I’m upset with you now and I am upset with God for creating your eyebrows.
#I was gonna say that
if it’s chain it’s free reign!
i could loop this video and no one would notice
Emphasis on *wrong*
Personally I’d like to say that i agree with josh and stealing is bad
s
2 minutes and i don't even remember who is josh anymore
I agree with josh stealing is bad lol
I’m gonna have ta agree with josh there
Honestly I agree w/ josh
Josh just sitting back there watching this all unfold because of him
More like 4th grade
this is painful
Geeze, how many students are even in this class?
This was 6 minutes and 38 seconds of my life I will never get back
Don’t forget the edgy boy who purposely offends everyone because he thinks it’s cool
Does anyone know what the outro song is?
Wouldn't we all be forced to say that stealing is bad?
these 6 and a half minutes felt like 6 and a half hours
I was too high to watch this, I got caught in a timeloop 😂😂
No joke I’m starting middle school this Wednesday please give me good luck
I just wanna know how much time did it take them to keep changing shirts only.
This isn't funny. It's just boring. Much like alot of other of Gus Johnsons videos lately.
I have to agree with josh on this one
i gotta say, josh really changed my mind about theft. time to return that flatscreen to walmart i guess
I’m pretty sure they’re all related.
Taxation is what Josh said earlier today
Kinda hoped someone would be like: "but what if you steal for a good cause and in some ways stealing is good" but still a good vid:)
Id like to piggyback off Josh and say stealing is not the best choice in the sitiation
As an ENTP, this was a nightmare
I agree
thank you for this
Wtf this sent me back to middle school debate day when It was just me and the popular smart kid and that wtf it dosent matter but damn Gus  I'm sending you my therapy bill for this month.
Controversial opinion; I agree with Josh
You just wasted six minutes of my life
The libertarian of the class: Stealing is bad even if the government does it.
I'm glad I watched the whole thing
When it was that one person at finally disagreed I was like finally it had to be somebody but then it just got turned right back around
I will have to agree with Josh I think stealing is bad
Drugs are bad,,,,, mmkay.
I too, agree with josh
i am in such a good mood and then the outro slaps me into a state of sadness incomprehensible by the human mind
Why did I watch the whole thing?
Good video!!
I was half expecting at the end for everybody to walk out of class with something that wasn't theirs but "oh nah I'm not stealing this, that would be bad, just like Josh said! So, in summation, I am not stealing, and stealing is bad. Like Josh said."
Anyone else watch this at 5x speed?
Is this what happens when the tea her leaves
Now ask them how they feel about the colonizers stealing land I have a hunch the answer might be different
my name is Josh and this was very uncomfortable
That OJ shirt is amazing.
I’m josh and I’m in eighth grade and this literally just happened to me
Why did I watch the whole thing.
Yeah, I think Josh is right. I agree with him because he let me take his wallet without his permission.
Why is this actually my middle school
I feel like this I just a flex on their wardrobe
How many students are in this fucking classroom
They all hated stealing but they all stole Josh’s answer
Stealing is bad and I agree with josh
imagine taking a shot whenever “josh” is mentioned  and damn that’s a bigger class than i expected
6 minutes of this, a form of comedy I find funny is this, something stupid that continues for way to long
Yup, pretty much.
You forgot the one asshole who trys to find the loophole and says stealing is good in certain situations like what if a little boy is starving and needs an apple or sumin idk just my couple coins
“I think stealing, is uh, pretty stinkin’ bad”
I know that this is just a skit and everything, but I wanted to jump in so badd. I love discussions that are so open ended like this and I tried so hard in school to try and make my statement something people could respond to with a different point to.   i.e. like for “stealing” as a topic I would try and steer the conversation into something about why people steal and how the morality of it really depends on why they are stealing.   Hopefully I helped people out, so they got better grades for these discussions. I always tried to give someone room to talk more and talk for a little while to give other people time to think.  In most of my discussions in school we weren’t allowed to just agree, we had to add to it or make a different statement or ask a different related question to prompt the group.
Pedro 2020
This is the longest 6 minutes and 38 seconds in my whole life
*a minute in, checks the time stamp* “how the fuck is this 6 minutes long???”
Inaccurate, no one played the devil’s advocate
I thought this went on a bit too long
Noice
At my school it usually just turned into something racist.
Vietnam flashbacks of a mun that I attended
I think that josh was going in the right direction when he said that stealing is bad
The kids these days. Jeez... Have they never heard of Robin Hood?
"honestly i would literally be with josh on this one" i love how awkward this sounds
4:49 isn't it schrute?
Dis tru
Fucking Josh...
HE CHANGED SO MANY SHIRTS
I'd be that kid that disagreed with the majority just so the class discussions wouldn't turn out like...well...this
Damn, these middle schoolers really hit puberty fast.
I'm speeded the video up because they just won't stop😝
This video was a punishment for anyone who has stolen something in there life time.    Also I agree with Josh
Wh is this so relatable
Imagine  not agreeing with Josh and then going back to real time when you actually agree with Josh that stealing is wrong
how every canvas discussion has been when teachers require you to respond to your classmates lmao
Wrong, the whole 7 minutes should have been the teacher waiting for someone to talk
why tf is this so long?
I’m also beginning to lean on the side of what Josh said in relation to stealing. To put it frank in my opinion stealing is not only bad but aslo very wrong. It might be an unpopular opinion but I’m with Josh on this one.
This video is funny and all but when are you doing a face reveal?
Did nobody catch that Josh is supposed to be like Napoleon Dynamite
how many kids are in this class
this was the worst Gus Johnson skit
Gus - thank you from the bottom of my heart for 6min of garbage. ❤ also, #stealingisbad 🙂🤣 The outro is always my favorite little tune...
I agree with Josh.
How many fucking students are in this class?!
Idk about you guys but this is what my online uni class feels like, seeing 30+ “based on the evidence provided....” responses to the readings every week
Accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and savior turn away from your sins treat others how you want to be treated love others love God with your everything spread the word of Christ Jesus Please
I agree with josh stealing is bad
Youtube: Gus just uploaded Me:that was 4 days ago...
AND this is the extension class
When you take an online college class and the teacher makes you reply to two other people's posts 🤣
IF I MAY PLAY DEVIL'S ADVOCATE-
In college/university, people don't agree, they just try to reword the correct answer that someone gave immediately (without being called upon). Their answers will be much longer so that they feel like they will get participation points for talking once during the week. This will go on for 20 mins until the professor finally asks another question.
When i was in middle school someone gave an answer which i was about to give... except i wasn't lying, so this video makes me feel personally attacked.
Gus can act as any age except a kindergardener.
I can’t believe they got Napoleon Dynamite for this
I also will have to think that umm what josh said umm I agree with josh
Does anyone think this just wasn’t really funny
I remember in grade 4 when we had this type of discussion, and this was about the time when I was being a shithead and the teacher pointed to me to speak and I said "It's not illegal unless you're caught." Long story short I got 2 weeks of detention because they found out I was stealing books for fires after school.
did anyone really watch the full video
i just wasted 6mins of my life in a good way
How many kids are in this class?
This is trippy as shit when you're high
Is it me or did I lose some Brain cells of this video
I also agree with josh
Sven’s a little extra cute at 2:06. Also gives me Logan from Zoey 101 vibes
3:08 She stole Josh's jacket which, as we now, stealing is bad.
That Josh guy really made a good point. Stealing is bad i agree.
How do you even REMEMBER middle school to make these sketches?
So relatable lol
1:37 guess you could say he stole that....?
If these fictional teenagers had any firm moral grounding, they'd realize that the morality of stealing depends strongly on the context.
Rename the title to "dresser tour"
josh
I didn’t know Logan Paul was your brother
Inaccurate, you always have that one contrarian, who argues with the teacher for half the lesson while you draw doodles in your notebook.
Why is this channel, out of all the channels I have been to, this is one of the LEAST controversial ones?
i gotta agree with Josh here, stealing is in fact bad.
Me : *Points At Board with Stolen Led Pencil*   _I agree, stealing Is Bad_
Need to add alot of  UHMMsss Likes..... and kindas
Damn, I love a forward thinker.
3:12 what my teachers say to me every year
How where you allowed into that school? I thought you weren't allowed near kids.
How is it possible that this is funny?
Vote for Pedro my guy
Yea Josh is right
Seinfeld shirt 😍
why does this apply to any social studies class in college though
I also agree with Josh.
I am ordering the OJ shirt as we speak...
Why did I watch this whole thing
how many of the same person are in this class
if anyone disagrees with Josh they can burn in hell
Let me play devils advocate here and let’s maybe perhaps considerize that stealing is maybe good?
Next year is my first middle school year thx for the info 😊
Big chain free reign kids 😜
I kept waiting for the kid that cuts in with a “I agree with josh but just to play devil’s advocate ...”
*college
Why is this so true
Yeah I agree with Josh and he is right about how stealing is bad.
wow this goes on for 6 mins
shout out to my guy josh
High school discussions as well
Wait I recognize that Vote For Pedro shirt.
I think stealing is good
"Stealing is wrong" Josh -2020
yup as someone in 7th grade i can tell you guys this is 100% accurate.
Facts!
why does this have to be 6 MINUTES
Gus was working overtime buying the shirts and wigs
Sharing is caring
Everyone in the class rushing to answer thr easy questions, but pretending they arent in that class when something remotely hard comes up.
Bro this is high school.
I mean, to piggy back off of what that one guy said, thou shall not steal, also what josh said, stealing is bad. I just want to agree with both and offer up what 2 people had said as, stealing is wrong and bad and not good. Just as a common thing we can agree on.
If you ever steal after watchibg this video you have no soul
Yeah i agree with josh he made good point
My first question watching this was "how many students are in this class?"
Josh's opinion is really understandable and I second that opinion
Josh is said 43 times
It’s not stealing. It’s borrowing without the intent to return
Not only is this an accurate representation of middle school class discussions, but also middle school essays.
My name is Josh and I think stealing is uh, not great guys.
I would like to agree with Josh, the stealing is very bad.
Accurate representation of Twitter
Wait till the end. IT GETS BETTA
Did he film this in an actual classroom
Is there a moral here?
this video feels like 20 minutes long
If you didn’t watch the whole video, then you are the bad bad.
To be fair, this is how a lot of discussions go at university too
When you realize that you were the kid in middle school who brought up moral absolutism...
This is an abnormal amount of kids in this classroom.
I remember once I was the little asshole who went "I dont agree with josh" and DIDN'T back down and it plunged the class into chaos and I got student of the month for it after that 😂hearing people say i'm with josh for 6 minutes helps me understand how much the teacher must have appreciated it lmao
you sure have a large class there
This was the longest video I have ever seen
How many students are in this damn class
Idk why but this gave me asmr lmfao
I agree with josh too but i just want to add i am tired of changing to be another person.
As a 7th grader, this is too real.
College class discussions: ...
This is like a failed wkuk skit
Dang, some of these middle schoolers have full blown moustaches.
I actually watched this whole thing....     And I'm not disappointed
Conclusion: Stealing is bad
He stole this video from Yeltsa Kcir Here the link to prove it https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ
I was just waiting for someone in a leather jacket and sunglasses to be like, "Yo, stealing is DOPE!"
Lol it’s so accurate. Taking a topic that has layers and simplifying it to where everyone just agrees
and thats class so you can go home after 6periods of all that
Wait it's all josh?
i think this was the longest 6 minutes of my life
I'm going to go ahead and agree with Josh on this one
I'm here from guinness, I'd like to present Gus Johnson with the world record award for length of time one joke has been stretched out
This was my University Philosophy class
I can't believe that this goes on for 6 minutes
Wow. So many people actually raising their hands
I can not believe you got this many actors to be in this that's crazy. I saw no similarities between any of them like at all.
This video is too long
This is literally College Discussions
Youtube: "9/11 isn't a reason to celebrate" 😡 Gus, trying to enjoy his 10th YouTube Channel anniversary,: 😲
I think he's trying to tell us that stealing is bad
This is why Sunday School is such a sleeper.
My middle school discussions were "should LGBT+ people have rights" and then everyone would said no while my closeted ass had to keep my mouth shut so I'd have a place to live.
"This is kinda like what -blank- said..." MY GOD that one phrase just brought back so many memories of classmates starting off all of their answers to reading comprehension questions...bruh
This is fucking hilarious
i heard "Ceiling is bad"
You could have kept it up for twenty more minutes.
I think Josh is a gddamnit idiot and stealing is amazing
6:00 Guys, he doesn't agree  Edit: Wait, nvm, he does
Plot twist: The teacher picked this subject because he wanted someone to justify it so he could feel better about those 5 people who got killed when he robbed a local bakery
Almost can't even tell it's Sven with that blonde wig and classes
How many students there are?
You forgot the smart kid who disagrees with everyone
the costume changes on this one😂😂
ceiling is bad
So, ah, just to um bounce off what Josh was saying, I, uh, would like to put in my 2 cents and say that, stealing is ah, er, bad.
Sounded like my philosophy classes in college
As a middle school English teacher, I agree with what Josh said.
Guys if you pay really close attention you can realize that there's only three people and they just keep changing shirts. Even the teachers one of the students.
I really watched this whole video
you just stole 6minutes of my life
I just realized that they’re switching clothes everytime
Too many characters, I forgot who josh is
Some say that they’re still going to this day…
Im triggered by that one shirt that says “Shrute Farm Beets”
when they said stealing is bad    *I felt that*
I think stealing is pretty bad This discussion was very interesting in my opinion
Did I just watch people agreeing with josh for 6 minutes.
Thanks for helping me for my english lessons, now I know what to say
What if Josh was just joshin' and everyone else ended up tricked into agreeing?
Gosh this makes me think my middle school teachers could have asked more challenging questions to get more unique answers from us.
This was the longest 6 and a half minutes I have ever experienced.
I just wanna say, stealing is bad
the punchline: nah yeah
Josh:  yeah I also agree with Josh
I disagree with Josh, stealing is fun
well u heard it here first guys ceiling is bad #floorgang
I don't know why I saw the whole video 😂
How many kids are in this class
Oh my god, is there ANOTHER Johnson in the house?
I agree with Josh on this one ☝️
Shirt showcase.
So just going off what Josh said, stealing is bad.
this is highschool aswell
Guys I gotta agree with josh here, stealing sure ain’t good... that’s for sure
Yeah, um, I- I gotta agree with Josh on this one. Stealing is bad. Right on the money.
Gus you should check out mattcolbo his humour is v similar but it's got its own unique twist
I concur with josh
This could be among us tbh
Every discussion post from every online class I've ever taken
This is anti-stealing propaganda
How many doors are in that room?!
That ceiling is bad
I was like a minute in waiting for it to end any second and then realized it went on for 5 more minutes lmao.
I just have to say josh stole my pen one time in class and I also agree with what josh said.
My name's Jarod.
This class has about 4 times as many students as my classes
Middle school? I took an online, undergraduate course. This video could be a script for the online discussion boards for the class.
Why is this 6 minutes and what is the average watch time on this video lol.
I was waiting on one person to disagree with Josh and the teacher get mad at them for not giving the "right" answer
I think stealing is like breaking the law or smthin, i mean im not on the side of thieves, but really im just agreeing with josh.
Bruh they have used at least 30 tshirts🤣🤣😂😂
It's over Anakin, Josh has the high ground
I couldn't say "I agree with Josh" in my school. My Teacher always said "then say it again with your own words".
i am 9 and even i think steeling is rwong. why are all theese adults talking about it? its pritty ovious if you ask me🤔🤔🤔😒😒😒🙄🙄🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️🤔😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😉😉🐱‍🏍🐱‍🏍🐱‍👤✨
We go to a school full of sheeps but I do agree with Josh is stealing is bad
This is how many people agreed with Josh
Gus is portraying every male middle-schooler, with a terrible mustache
Meanwhile, while I was in the principles office and never got this lesson.
I agree with Josh.. Stealing is bad...
2:42 that "was it" is 👌
There's a lot of people in this class
I was the one who had to disagree, it was why I was created.
One of the girls is quite nice looking.
When did sven get so cute  Also josh is right
BS.  Stolen food tastes better.  Fact.
Ceiling is not good
Guys I think stealing is bad
Being a Josh I can also agree with Josh, stealing is bad
Why
Josh should run for president
4:48 is my favorite 🤣 that "I don't wanna say the words"
I think that the points that josh were trying to make definitely hit the spot in regards of accuracy and I would have to say that I stand with josh on this one
Me: misses the beginning Me Later: Who TF is Josh?! Me 7 Minutes Later: Yep Made it
Wisconsin = Wisconsin
Whole twitter basicly...
This man just wrote a 6 minute skit that has gotten a million views in less then a week with basically one line of dialogue. Genius. Pure genius.
That blonde dude just looks like Sven with a wig on
I agree with Gus on how middle school discussions go. I think he put the words perfectly.
I agree with Josh,  the ceiling is bad
I love all of the different ways of saying the same thing.
I'm with Josh on this one
I watched this for about 20 seconds, questioned if it was gonna just keep on going for 6 minutes.  It did
Happy 10 year anniversary gus
Do you know how satisfying it was for that kid to break the status quo? And then, ROBBED
College is still like this
this feels like propaganda
Jesus that was a long walk!
Yo is that 100 gecs?
I thought the end was gonna be the teacher saying "you guys were all on the right track but nOt QuIte".
Yo josh is on some real shit, stealing is bad
i'm legit watching this 20 minutes after my friends and i stole a street sign             -it's been lying on the side of the road in some bushes for months, we didn't take an active sign, don't come for me please
I get the feeling that there was a motivation behind this video
I’m 1 min and 25 sec through the video and I am questioning if this is the whole video. Love it either way lol
I watched this 15 times.
After watching this whole video, I can safely say, without a shadow of a doubt, that I whole heartedly... agree with josh
I could listen to this for hours
Wow this teacher sucks 👀
Moral of the story: stealing is bad
AIGHT IMMA SAY IT       I DISAGREE WITH JOSH
these people grow-up and vote *oh* *boy*
I can't believe I watched 7 min video about stealing is bad
Ben Shapiro would have been like  Hypothetically for the sake of the discussion if josh went and stole from me it would be unfair ,upsetting and economically unstable for my family I am sure Josh would do no such thing but this hypothetical gets my blood boiling, I would have to lean over to joshes argument that stealing is immoral.
I think I’m gonna go steal something
How many people were there, for the people that like to count things
If you listen closely, there is a very powerful massage talking about how stealing is bad.
Idk why but before this video I got an ad about belts
Any of you think I could get subscribers without posting videos?😂
Ironic they all stole Josh’s response
Your missing the one guy who objects just to fuck with people
This sounds like government propaganda.
I’m thinking of stealing something soon does any body know if it’s a good idea or not ?
Gus: Okay guys remember to bring your 40 pairs of clothes to this random school that will not be akward to change in.
my ears are in pain hearing the truth
Teacher: "You're all wrong" Class: thanks Josh you made us like dupid
I want that OJ shirt, also Josh is spot on, stealing is 100% bad and I liked how he said that was bad it was a really good point.
The one kid that hears the right answer but tries to sound smarter
This is a six minute video of the same thing.
Idk why I decided to watch the whole thing
Lol this was incredible.
Yeah Josh is right stealing is bad and if you steal then your going to hell
Damn, Josh. No need to flex on us normies.
Talk about set dressing! That basket with the glue and crayons in the background wow. I was incredibly immersed! Like I feel like I'm right there in that classroom agreeing with Josh that stealing is also bad.
I'm going to have to agree with Josh. Stealing is no good
This felt WAY longer than six minutes.
I Don’t Agree With Josh. Stealing Is Good
im always right!!!!!!!!!!!!! im the rightingest righter that ever righted!!!1
The only thing you're missing is the kid who pretends like he's stretching.  Teacher: Oh, yes, James. What was your answer? James: Oh nothing. I was just stretching. *raises his hand, then morphs it into a stretch*
i cant believe im still watching this
Unrealistic, not this many middle schoolers would raise their hands, it’s more like long pauses with the teacher asking after several seconds, “anyone?” then calling on people involuntarily lol
I would say this is more late 3rd grade going into 4th.
You forgot the one sarcastic kid that yells in the background
I think I agree with Josh
I’m very high and this was a nightmare omg am I live
Josh agreed with himself
so true
Middleschool? This is college for me!
I really did sit here for 6 minutes hearing people agree with Josh
I liked the part where he said stealing is bad
Good God how many students does this class have
To piggyback off of what everyone in the comments is saying, follow me on twitter @Gusbuckets   Not stolen
Kung Pow enter the fist: "Killing is bad and wrong. They should make a new word for it. Badwrong. Badong. Yes! Killing. is. badong."
My middle school was more ghetto so I’m pretty sure most would’ve said the opposite
Honestly gotta give it up for my man Gus for bringing up this pressing issue and he has my full support on this accurate representation of a middle school discussion and anyone who disagrees with this assessment of the middle school discussions is stupid.
I believe stealing is wrong.
So true
Fast forward to online classes in grad school discussion boards
I agree with josh, uh stealing is bad 😂
And then the one kid “I think stealing is good
how many kids are in this class?
Why did that fill like 6 hrs when it was only 6 mins
Teacher: I don't get paid enough for this shit
Im not sure if at 2:03 he said stealing is bad or cieling is bad?
This is like in middle school when everyone would agree with the one answer that was put out there in discussions
Am I the only one that just looked at the backgrounds the whole time? I noticed that were only 4
how big is that class
How did I just manage to watch people say stealing is bad for 7 minutes
👁️👃👁️      👄
I agree with josh
In middle school? This is how my college discussions are too
Where’s the masks?
One time in class we were discussing if selling drugs was ok and one girl said it was LMAO
How tf did this get milked to 7 minutes
I have to agree with Josh with this one
I watched the whole thing, now I'm unsubscribing.
this hurts me so much i’m literally in college classes and most of the people in discussion just agree with what someone else and just rewording what they said
I cannot believe i watched the whole thing
And now the same thing, but on Zoom.
He got it right with that one kid who explains to them an unnecessary detail about how they learned it
What did josh do to you
Well, no one asked our opinion about anything in highschool in Hungary, so +1 for the USA.
Using make a video trying to skateboard
the girl looks alot like gus is that his sister?
SVEN IS STEALING TOP COMEMT AGAN!    Stop stealing svem not cool like Josh said.
If only I was in this class do you get an epic analyzation of why stealing is bad and a how it became bad and why used to be good but now it's bad
I heard that stealing is bad
How about the one who disagrees entirely just to disagree?
1. This was also accurate for high school lol 2. I was waiting for that one kid who would give an example/scenario against "stealing is bad" that gives perspective, but stutters to say it because they're worried about being demonized by the rest of the class. 3. Gus good job here's an award 🏅
Yeah, hands down when Josh said stealing was bad I was just thinking the same thing. Props to Josh
Just wanna let y'all know. Stealing just ain't it.
Your outtro is the most soothing thing in my life currently
Hi im just here to say that i agree with Josh
Has anyone said this yet? Stealing is wrong, not right at all.
Omg, Josh is awesome, I heard once he had a cigarette
Did anyone else notice that at 4:16 Thor stole the teachers shirt?
Watching this made me feel weirdly close to dissociating in class back in middle school and I loved it.
Why I continued watching after the first 2 minutes is a mystery
I was watching and at about 4 minutes I thought "Surely this video is about over" Only Gus could say the same thing repeatedly for 6 and half minutes and every time it gets funnier.
Ok if there was a red dead movie, Gus could play Micah
Can we talk about how large this class size is for one teacher?
This is because schools facilitate group discussions without teaching critical thinking
It took me until half way through the video to get the joke....
Stealing is bad. Stealing is wrong. There should be a word for that. Badwrong. Badong. Stealing is badong 😁😁🤗🤗🤗
Plot twist! They're in the thieves guild and they're learning what to say when they ask them about stealing.
Why tf do all funny skit youtubers move on to podcasts?
Hmmm... Personally, I'm gonna have to side with Josh on this one, stealing is bad.
*sits down* *thinks stealings bad* *idea: how many times can I say it*
I have to agree with Josh. Stealing is bad.
man i hate to say this but... i disagree with josh
If it's bad, why did they all steal Josh's idea?
i cant believe how fucking long this goes on for
I watched the whole thing even though I already knew the end lol
They all stole Josh's answer....
You forgot that solid minute of silence where no one wants to speak until Josh finally gives his point.
Are we just gonna ignore the kids t shirt at 3:01
I think the punchline of the video was the fact it was 6 minutes long.
Comment if yr name is *josh*
I’m going to have to agree with Gus with this one, this is definitely what a middle school discussion is like so yeah, I agree with Gus.
The only person who can say stealing is bad for 6 minutes and get people to watch the entire video
i just say through 6 minutes of “I agree with josh”
I don’t agree with josh
Its true... Its all true...
WHY IS IT SOOOOOOOO FRICKING LONGGGGGGGGGGGGG. Please stop this please.
this video was 12 hours long
I didn’t mean to get political or anything but... Stealing is bad
please react to this. we had to watch it in my chemistry class https://youtu.be/HLaOJKD9iDg
All this for a loaf of bread?
josh do be spitting facts
Was I the only waiting for someone to say Josh stole my blank or for the cops to come and arrest Josh for stealing?   Just me? Ok bye.
Crackin up at the “Drink apple juice ‘cause OJ will kill you” shirt 2:53
🙋‍♂️I have something to say.  Uh, 1. I just wanna say that Josh actually got it right if you ask me and I would vote for him in some kind of election.  Uh. 2. We need smaller classrooms.   And 3. I can't believe I watch this whole video expecting anything different by the end.
Isn’t it cool how they all say stealing is bad and then steal joshes answer
this video is a nice boost to my self esteem
_Nobody steals from Creed Bratton and gets away with it. The last man that did that disappeared. His name? Creed Bratton._
they stole his opinion heuhehuehuehehueheuh
I just watched six minutes of people agreeing with Josh. AND I FUCKING LOVED EVERY SECOND OF IT
I have that exact Vote for Pedro shirt
Wait, it can't just be this for 6 minutes, right? *6 minutes later* Oh
forgot to mention they have to speak for participation points
I don't need to know who she is, she looks exactly like gus
I remember in middle school my various classmates being made up of more than just two sets of genes.
not the socratic seminar 🤮
I cant believe I took a good 6 minutes out of my life to watch this
Wow, Gus got a whole crew just for that one skit!  I couldn't even count everyone involved.
How many kids are in this class? The entire school?
How many kids are in this class
Gus really nailed it, this is how class discussions went in middle school
I would agree with Josh
Why did i just watch 3 minutes of everyone agreeing with josh 😂😂
nice
Alternative title :four people show off every item their wardrobe while talking nonsense            *I stole this comment*
I just watched 6 minutes of people repeating the same thing.
How many people are in this class?
the only wrong parts of this video are the parts where the students willingly raise their hands
If it's a chain it's free reign, and if it's hobby lobby the world is your oyster for obvious reasons
I can’t believe I watched 6 minutes of people saying stealing is bad
Idk y I decided to watch this till the end
Josh stole the show with this one.
They all look like different versions of Gus
Gus Johnson Jus Gohnson Just Goneson Just Gone, Son  Come home dad do you have the cigarettes yet?
Alternate title: people agreeing for six minutes
Hey guys, josh here. Just wanted to go on record and say that I still believe that stealing is wrong.
Yeah I’m gonna agree with josh and say that stealing is bad
Im 2 minutes in waiting for someone to disagree with josh
As someone who has heard about stealing and what it entails, I think Josh really brought some valuable insight to the table.
Why did this go on for 7 minutes and why did I watch all of it 😂😂😂😂😂
thought this video was somehow a loop after stealing is bad
this video was very good    I've got to say josh really had a good point when he said stealing was bad
Easy money!
Class: "Stealing is bad, I agree with Josh." Also class: *steals Josh's answer*
Josh read everyone’s mind basically.
As a full time middle schooler, I approve this message
Great job capturing the comedy/pain of sitting through middle school discussions. I would have loved if you had captured the teacher trying to re-invigorate discussion and move it away from Josh's comment, though. Like re-wording the question to try and get different responses or more complex answers, and failing miserably as every student continued to just bring back the conversation to Josh's comment.
All i have to say is that i can agree with Josh
I feel that I can't say that stealing in not bad
Ya Josh here, not to sound like a broken record here but I agree with Josh
He has the high ground on this one (lol)
when you have to respond to 3 online posts in college
Dislike terrible video bad opinions
I liked the part when they said stealing is bad
Yo they just flexin on us with their enormous wardrobes
#imwithjosh
Legends say there's still a classroom of adults agreeing with Josh
I watched a 6 minute video consisting of people agreeing to the same thing, whilst wearing different clothes every time they get selected.
I like the part when they agree with Josh.
This the best way to spend six minutes fr. Also gus had to change his shirt like 10 times.
I’ve watched this a solid 4 times
So damn long
Why were my college class discussions like this too?
This is how many times get tf out of here im not writing that comment for likes 💀
Stealing is great
Ya ummm I also respectfully agree wit - with josh and hi- his statement
This is the most Gus Johnson Gus Johnson skit I’ve ever seen
I’m gonna have to agree with Gus. I don’t really like stealing.
Pure comedy gold I love it
An accurate representation of psychology students trying to get participation points in class
These people have got the best shirts on tho
This did not need to be six minutes long...
the “he took my answer” part is accurate
Still get dumb situations like this in college zzzz
damn 46 students in a class wow
ok i had to watch this in parts, because it was so on the money it started triggering some old ptsd.
this hits different when your name is Josh
i feel like I wasted 6 minutes from my freetime waiting for the plot twist
Idk man like from what I've learned from this video stealing might be bad but again i don't know
So surprised this didn't end in a  "Just playing Devil's Advocate here__________"
I kept hearing ceiling is bad, floor gang?
This video goes on for so long lol
The Bible statement was so on point xdd
Josh is smart
This goes on for too long and I did not enjoy it
glad to see hanne making more cameos on ur channel!!  also why did your parents make four kids who look like the same person but with different hair?
I can’t believe I watched all 6 minutes 38 seconds of this
"Wait, I don't like you."😂
After watching this video, I have to say that I agree with Josh...
Discussions like these were so boring and annoying.
Josh got some wise words
There's always that one kid that disagrees with everyone else just to play the Devil's advocate, and that kid was the hero of the boring discussion.
I appreciate that Thor knows he looks like Napoleon Dynamite.
this video is kinda boring...
Dude w the Mankato basketball shirt. Love the midwest vibes boys. Sconnie boy here
Hmmm josh is right but I just wanted to say that unlike what josh said stealing is not right because stealing should not be done and that stealing is not good so josh is wrong
im soooooo lucky im not a middle school teatcher :p
I-I-I-I yeah, I think... I guess agree I... steeling is Josh, I Josh- Josh I I, I I’m think Josh....... yeah
me: **Startrs watching video**  2 min later, waits for somebody to disagree with Josh. 6:00 _yes_ 6:15   SIKE
spoiler no one flips the switch
stealing is.... NOT bad BAHAHAHAHAHA ( its a joke )
i see the point of the question and i very much analyzed it and it comes down to a few factors but i personally think that stealing is a very controversial topic in society it has jailed many people and ruined lives, but at the end of the day i concur that to take another man's stuff is just very very much... oh wait yeah josh got it
I'm only halfway through the video but I'm worried Gus just forgot the the punchline
4:39 most realistic
5:30 gives me some strong Anthony Fantano vibes and I can't quite say why lol
tbh josh is right
I just wanna finish it off by saying i agree with Josh
How is this real
Just wanted to come out and make it known that I agree with Josh that stealing is bad
Josh for President 2020 #Josh2020
Half of the group is wrong.
This went on for way too long
there is a lot of kids in this classroom
Yup stealing is bad
I feel like you should define stealing to have a more nuanced conversation about the nature of exploitation and theft by a small group of wealthy people.
How did I make it through the entire video without questioning why I kept watching? XD
This is ironic saying "stealing is bad" when they all steal josh's answer  Edit: At least they gave josh credit but then again he could have gotten the answer from "Wikipedia"
This deserves the Palme D'or.
It's the "I agree with Josh" for me.
This video is literally so accurate omg! 😂😂
I wonder what Josh thinks about murder. 🤔  But regardless I agree with whatever Josh is going to say.
I also think that stealing is really bad.
Why did i watch the full video
But I don't think they mentioned the main point here; *stealing is bad*
I got 2 minutes in checked how long the video was after the 30th agreement and said “ya this is happening”
I think if you're really sick that healing isn't that bad at all.
Look at their hairs, hmm this is how genetic recombination works tho
Man, I don't even own that many shirts
The sad part is half of my college classes were like this
Finally hanne!!
Who is the girl
One minute in the video and I thought i get the point, but after watching the whole video i think that I agree with Josh
Gus Johnson says the same thing for six minutes and thirty eight seconds straight
This felt like the walkthrough scene in completing the mission. iykyk.
*Love him or hate him*       Josh really hit the nail on the head there.
Subscribe if you want more good garbage
I love how this lasted like 4 minutes too long but was still beautifully funny
I never really thought about it like that before but  I think stealing is bad. Josh hit the nail on the head with this one.
Josh, My man
Kind of weird how they brought all there cloths to this school
The title meant to say college discussions.
Imma have to agree with Josh stealing is bad
Who’s more insane? The people who answered the same question 30 times in 10 minutes Or The person who watched the whole thing
Is it that bad though?
Middle school? Sure, I agree. But this is also painfully accurate for college discussion boards
People will consider stealing is bad and go and steal tweets from smaller accounts for some of that sweet-sweet clout.
the fact that i eagerly watched the entire thing
I agree with Josh, too. his premise of stealing being wrong and/or bad is pretty accurate in my opinion. stealing is definitely bad just like Josh said.
Josh must feel so cool
I gotta agree with Josh on this one. Stealing is pretty bad.
Anyone else watched the whole video
I know someone else said this but I think stealing is bad too that was my opinion too
I actually disagree with Josh’s statements earlier
6 minutes of agreeing with Josh
everyone skipping back to see what josh looked like
What’s the viewer retention on this? Like 1 minute?
All the characters other than josh are just sven with different wigs
Fuicking brilliant. *typo as hyper cat runs across my hand and I scream "FuckBuckets" after reading the pinned comment and it infiltrates my brain*
Why is this not making me bored?
High school freshmen here: I can attest this is 100% true
Why aren’t more people talking about how at 1:30 he looks exactly like Napoleon Dynamite
"Alright, I'm going to 4 friends and about 30 shirts for this skit." -Jus Gohnson
I knew it would be bad when it was 6 minutes long
Then there's that one kid that branches off like *adjusts glasses* "um actually I believe that anyone should be able to steal anyone's belongings and it the the one stolen from who should be punished for not being ready to prevent their property from being stolen, I read up on this Wikipedia article a few nights ago because I have nothing better to with my life that this is the case in quite a few nations and is done so to promote the strength of its citizens as individuals, thereby lessening the probability of one letting their personal items be put into a position in which they could be easily burglarized"
Im glad i spent the last 6 minutes of my break watching this. Also stealing is bad i think
“Ceiling is bad”
this is too accurate
6 minutes well spent.
As a middle schooler, 753% accurate.
bring back Danny fresh or I will take your fortnite account haha funny fortnite haha
I agree with myself, stealing is bad
I was expecting someone to say stealing is good under the right circumstances and for everyone in the class to devolve into rioting. That's how all of my class discussions went.
I feel like you kinda missed the mark with this one Gus, it was just too long while only being funny at the premise level and not with the actual clips. I still love your content and am looking forward to more of your future projects!
i think josh has said it all here
Sven is a boss man
stealing is rad actually
This hurt to watch
That is a huge class. Too many students
My expectations for YouTube videos have become so low that watching 4 different people say the same thing with using all their props for like a full 7 minutes with pretty much no punchline pretty much says it all. But yeah I gotta agree with Josh with this one.
Gus, went about 2 minutes long with the “same reaction” gaff. But could’ve condensed the video to 3 minutes and would’ve been quality content. Idk if you were testing the audience or what but that last few minutes with no real change seemed extremely stale, in the moment.
I agree 💯 in my eyes steeling is wrong
I agree with josh
I agree with josh
Why am I here my dad just yelled at me for being unfocused in work and procrastinating to much
He forgot the “Can I go to the bathroom?” kid.
I see nobody commenting on how everyone said steeling is bad, but Josh said steeling is wrong
The sad thing is, that shit like this happens in college too. Its almost like they're stealing the answer, so I agree with Josh. Because stealing is bad, thanks Josh.
Did you guys notice that josh looks like the teacher?
That was very long 6 minutes
I thought the joke would move on after like 30 sec but I should've known Gus is a man who doesn't let you off that easy lol
i don’t know why but i was expecting the kid who disagreed with josh was gonna rob the classroom😂
sven is looking good
Middle school?    Amateur. I do this in high school
Has Gus’ sister ever been a video before? Definitely caught me by surprise
Lmfaooo
This video feels like an hour long. Perfectly replicates some middle and high school English classes
I’m gunna have to steal Josh’s answer on this one.. Stealing really blows.
The way he had to hold his arm from having to hold his hand up so long
Drinking game:   Take a shot when they say “Josh”.
GOD IF SOMEONE SAYS JOSH ONE MORE TIME  LMAOOOooooo
Unless its grave robbery because like what are they going to do with it
It was funny ... for the first two minutes
Honestly stealing is very good, depending on who you're stealing from, why you're stealing it/them and what/who it is that you are stealing
shoutout to Josh for being such a stand up dude.
I was going to make a comment but all I really have to say is that i really agree with josh he kinda said it for me
Am I the only who keeps hearing "the ceiling is bad" instead of "stealing is bad"? ...no? just me? ok...
Guys I personally believe that stealing should not be done (sorry if it sounds like I copied josh)
I agree with josh, and this might sound similar, but stealing is bad
I sat threw this whole thing
What about the one kid that says the contrarian thing just to start an argument and waste time
I'm gonna have to side with Josh on this one.
i really just watched all that
Dude this video goes for 6 minutes of stealing is bad 🤣
I just watched 6.5 minutes of people saying that they agree with Josh.
I'm laughing so hard, 6 minutes of this
Middle school?
Nah nobody raises their hands and theres a fight every 20 mins and everyone is tryna talk about losing their virginity
after a minute I skipped to the end and guess what, they  all agree with Josh.
I have found my wife and it is this video
This is so hard to watch
hfs
Age wise you look between 13 and 30
I do not owe anyone anymore with the help of, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
I was always the asshole who’d pick the unpopular viewpoint
I agree with Josh too! Stealing is bad
I think stealing is not nice and should not be done by anyone
What is the outro music!!
Lmao. I taught debate to middle schoolers and this is killing me.
Is this 6 minutes of “I think stealing is bad”
Josh is my name...
"How Socratic Seminar Went In College"
This is just a PSA to say that stealing is bad
Why did this video feel so long
So accurate 😂😂😂😂😂
Well, this would've been a good skit if it was about 5 minutes shorter. Quality over quantity, Gus.
i watched like 6 minutes of people saying josh is right
Not one of ur best ones ngl
Gus: Stealing is bad Sven: Stealing is bad  What my brain hears Sven say: Ceiling is bad
Other than Paul McCartney, Gus is the only person on earth who deserves every single goddamn penny he ever gets.
This is just showing off everyone's fun t shirts
"Ceiling is bad"
What did I just watch
That kid josh may feel so appreciated rn
Everyone is flipping out about how good Gus has gotten, I agree with uh, that assessment, pretty good. On the other hand. Who the hell has classrooms that big?!
this video made my mouth drier
How many kids are in this classroom?
Just skip it all
Except my school was ghetto so 90% said they don't care
Everyone named josh can use this video as a positive affirmation track
Why did i watch the whole vid, lol
This video isnt gonna stop me because I'm deaf😎 (not actually)
these were alot funnier when it was only like 35 seconds long. This is like a bad SNL skit. It went on for wayyyyyy too long
how many people are in this class?
This sucks
You forgot the kid who asks to use the bathroom in the middle of class
I love your content Gus, but I do have some constructive criticism on this one.  I think this video would've been way funnier if it was only a minute or so long, but the same joke for almost 7 minutes straight really got old for me. I waited to the end to see what the punchline was, and I didn't personally think it was super rewarding either.  That said, I'm obviously not the successful YouTube comedian here, so I probably don't know what I'm talking about. Again, I love the rest of your content, also I agree with what Josh said.
I watch this and want to apologize to my middle school teachers.
This is great, but most of the time they would even mention the other person's answer. They would just repeat the same thing.
these all siblings?? I'm just seeing different iterations of gus lol
And this continues into college
The one who brings up the Bible got me.  And sit in the chair normal.
As a fellow Josh, I agree wholeheartedly with Josh.
You forgot the "I'm thinking I'll play devil's advocate here and say that stealing is good"
Yeah I gotta agree with Josh on that one
Josh is popular
Everyone is stealing his answer this is comedic genius you guys just aren't getting it
Hey Gus! Huge fan of yours. Honest criticism I didn't like the video which is rare for your content. It seemed really drawn out and boring with the punch line delivered way too late.  Just my two cents. Keep killing it. -Brian
God I wish you chose a different name
I agree with Josh as well
I am in middle school, and I can confirm.
“I agree with josh”-Them
The COMMITMENT
I would always play devil's advocate since everyone always had the same opinions it was funer and wasted more time
When I was a wee lad, they'd force some people to take the opposition. Who usually didn't even hecking agree or want to be picked. Quite awkward.
*Is named Josh* I was never this right in middle school.
I can't believe I watched this whole thing thinking anything else was going to happen. I am an idiot sandwich.
Idk if josh knows what’s he’s talking abt on this one
My friend was playing this video next to me and I’m named josh so I looked over every 84 times they said josh
Actually, I think Josh took the cake cake on this ones guys.
Josh, stealing, and bad aren't words anymore.
When I saw this pop up in my feed I thought this was some april fools thing that didnt get to me until now
Define stealing
I love the vote for Pedro shirt.
“Quote from the video that eludes to the fact that I’ve watched it in its entirety, and that I found said video humorous” 😂
This is eerily correct what the heck
When you didn’t do the reading assignment so you piggyback off the last person’s answer
im in college and it still happens so........
Idea: How people use guns in movies, suppressors, muzzles, ammo, ect.
Why did i watch the whole thing
Tbh, I'm having a hard time pressing the like button
The arm wrapped around the head holding the raised hand is so middle school
I was the annoying guy that disagreed to make it interesting. Like: "Okay, but there's no context here. If a mother steals food in an act of desperation to give food to her kids in an authoritarian regime like Venezuela?"
Wow... I went to a shitty public school and our discussions were always pretty interesting. Usually they were on classic books like Odyssey, catcher in the rye, etc., or else they were these debate type things where you try to sway people to your side. We did some pretty intense ones actually, I’m pretty sure one was on the death penalty. And we built off each other’s points well. Even on this joke example, I would have definitely disagreed. Stealing is only bad depending on the circumstances. If you’re a starving person stealing a sandwich from a well-off person that’s fine. I would actually say it’s immoral of the well-off person to not allow you to have the sandwich in the first place.
Do I have homework to be doing rn, yes. Am I spending my time watching the same thing be repeated over and over? Yes, yes I am...
How long does this go on???😂
How does this class have this many people?
they forgot the kid that doesn't put their hand up but that the teacher forces to answer anyway cause they're quiet... that was always me >.<
*But technically they all stole what Josh said. . .*
I know that it’s already been said a hundred times by you and your other classmates, but I would have to agree that stealing is not the greatest idea. It’s just not good. At all.
this makes me wanna shoot myself
this is too long
You forgot the one kid who always says that they are going to go to prison, and says that stealing was the best thing ever.
Josh 2020
Can't believe I watched the whole thing.
Ron Swanson
I think is pretty cool
As a middle school teacher, I'd have to agree with Gus on this one.
LMAO any online college discussion board as well.
This happens in college
This is why in class I either stay quiet or try to say something new. It’s a bit annoying! And gosh this discussion goes on forever! The last comment I was hoping it would go differently! Disagree with Josh!!!!!
stealing is badass
Gus wearing that lime green shirt was very aggressive
HOW MANY PEOPLE ARE IN THIS LIVER FLOOKING CLASS?!?!?!?!?!?
What a brave take
IF ANYONE DISAGREES WITH JOSH THEY CAN GO TO HELL Sven said
Wow this class has a lot of students
This is exactly how my social studies seminars went
Josh got real silent near the end there
Oh wow I didnt realize this wasnt a 30 second video when I clicked on it amd was waiting for the end for 2 minutes
Did I really just watch 6 minutes of this
I seriously watched the full thing. Great.
this is so painfully accurate
I agree with Josh, mostly, but like, sometimes, stealing is like... Kinda a good thing? You know, like... Um, baseball? Yah yeah, stealing in baseball is definitely not not bad, it's a like, totally a good thing, unless you're the other team, then it's bad I guess?
did this... really have to be 6 minutes
Why does this feel more than 6:38
To be fair, Josh makes a good point... to which I also agree
After 2 minutes I discovered that they were changing clothings
I uh would agree but I did shop with lift when I was 8
Watched the whole 6 minutes just to see someone would disagree lol
Love the blue shirt, Gus, it's a good one. I own one myself.
https://www.twitch.tv/gusjohnson
Let's go I sat through 5 minutes everyone saying the same variant oh yeah I think stealing is bad where is that one random kid cough cough me yeah I think is kind of frowned upon but sometimes you got to do what you got to do
STEALING IS GOOD, ACTUALLY
Other people: quarentine wont last that long Quarentine:
It's more of a fashion show with a plot
Hey unpopular opinion but I agree with Josh
Okay, how many fucking quadruplets (spelled) are there in this god damn classroom! 🤣  Also, it were funny in the beginning, but after like 6 - 7 times, it got a bit anoyying, so if it had been cut earlier it would have been better, otherwise a good sketch 👌
oh god has anyone seen garfield i can't find him oh no
I forgot what the original sentence was now wtf
Robar es malo.
Man this is a big middle school class...
I like that there is six minutes of agreeing with josh
Forget middle school, this is what online discussion boards look like in college.
Like, I dunno guys, Josh is cool and all, but I dunno, like, I mean he's cool but...y'know, I dunno....I disagree.....
I agree with josh, but this skit was very much like work safety meeting.
How many of them are there??
"the ceiling is bad" #deep
Gus should’ve added the “oh I forgot what I was gonna say” person
This is when you do discussions in college and they make you reply to 2 other people
And that’s how you write an ending to your sketch ladies and gentlemen.
6 minutes of my life wasted. Although well worth it.
This comment was posted when the vid was at 999k views                                                                                                                                                  Just had a feeling to say that
Hard to believe, but it's not that much different in University
Y’all got to talk in middle school
Ya I thought time was just going slow or something but cause I'm stoned but this really went on for 6 minutes
personaly, i agree with Josh
there not wearing masks, very unprofessional
I personally feel pretty proud of this
I just want to thank my esteemed colleagues for taking the time to voice their agreement with my assertion. Ngl, playing this in the background while I made tea was a solid little ego boost.
I just wanted to share, that I also agree with Josh, and stealing is bad.
I could watch this for probably another 4 hours before I ask the guy holding me hostage to kill me
When group discussions are graded on participation
I just wasted 6 minutes of my life
Yea I agree with Josh.
I think that stealing is bad
tbh we should just make Josh our next president
Just came back from school and this is EXACTLY how it is! You hit it spot on!
I can’t believe I just watched this whole video
How many shirts do these people have
I thought at the end Josh was gonna change his opinion.
Stealing is bad, m’kay?
Josh seems like a smart guy
I’m mid vid, uhh is the whole video is just “stealing is bad”
Where is the one kid that treats the discussion as a joke.
who’s the blonde 👀
Josh being the true hero here
When this skit started I was in middle school and now I'm in my thirties.
i'm in college and i can say gened discussions are just like this
Yo how big is this class tho
Omggg the other brother looks like Napoleon trueee
As a middle schooler, I can confirm this is cannon
Whose the girl?
Stealing is bad
36 students?????????????????????????????
i was waiting for someone to say allow me to play devils advocate
All of them: what Josh said, stealing is bad. Also all of them: *steals Josh’s words*
I wouldn't like to share my opinion, but i will, Josh is right, just so you know...
I watched the whole thing. Gus why.
I feel disrespected.   And I love it.
I'm 40 seconds in and I'm already in excruciating pain.
Josh isnt wrong... i would have to agree with Josh
Thor gives me major jon heder vibes
How is this so accurate?
Wasn't expecting this to last that long, but it was very accurate and just as insufferable as I remember
Hey where's working man 9
100% true
You're missing that one guy who wants to play devil's advocate
Can sb count how many students are in this class xD
Ya know... I don't really think stealing is a good thing.
agree? AGREE!
So is stealing bad or....?
But is stealing bad?
Listen now galaxy
Plot twist: they were filming at a school and the person telling Sven to turn around was an actual teacher and not Gus
2020: Alright class, it's time to read "In Defense of Looting".
Ceiling is bad.          Floor gang!
This video is my philosophy class.
Wow they all stole Josh’s opinion.
I am josh i win suckers
“Stealing is bad” proceeds to steals josh’s answer
As a josh this video is quite the ego boost 😂
We really just watched a video of everyone agreeing with Josh
Does anyone else think stealing is bad
Just to kind of echo what I'm hearing in the rest of these comments, I actually...uh I actually had difficulty believing the whole video would be this one thing, also. Just gonna throw my opinion into the mix.
this is the best sketch of 2020 - it deserves a fucking oscar
Its funny because everyone was stealing josh's opinion of stealing.
I also agree with Josh
holy shit - i feel like i'm in limbo - or in purgatory
4:30 one of the best reactions to Josh’s answers
This was a sneak attack on my laugh-o-meter
I'm gonna have to agree with josh
this video hurt me
I also agree with josh stealing is pretty bad
yeah Josh has got this one in the bag for sure...gotta be goin with Josh's hunch on this one
Stealing isnt bad you simple got outsmarted, dont be mad at the thief be mad at your mother who vacinated you
Stealing is bad and wrong. Stealing is badong.
https://youtu.be/HApb8mhki9c
I just watched a 6 minute video about agreeing with some kid named josh. Life has never been better.
Jesus Christ this was the longest 6 and a half minutes ever
The punchline wasn't worth it
I can agree with Josh.
You forgot the kid that keeps on leaning back on his chair and then the teacher tells him that if he keeps on doing it than he’ll have to stand for the rest of the class.
My god this is so accurate
you forgot “kinda going off of what josh said...”
This was my high school experience, and I was Josh
I like the part where he said "stealing is wrong"
I didnt like gus' wig it was not good but at 4:14 you see his real hair thats so good
Can we talk about the outfit changes??? They had to bring like a car of just shirts.
“The ceiling is bad...” is what I thought the yellow shirt guy said at first.
Yea I agree with josh.
I swear this video is longer than 6:38
i disagree with the concept of stealing
i laughed so hard when it went from the teacher to a kid wearing the teacher's shirt lmao
oh my god can we talk about the OJ shirt that is so funny
Stealing's bad, m'kay?
Nobody's asking the real question here: Is stealing bad?
This took me to a place in my mind that i had long forgotten.
I too had facial and chest hair in middle school
Yea I agree with josh
Yet somehow someone will inevitably intentionally find a way to disagree
Gus your content is just awesome
Josh pretty much nailed it
This is... funny?
I agree with josh guys
I have been here for 24 hours and it's still going on make it stop
You mad lad!
I found this channel last week and I’m hooked🤣🤣❤️❤️
It was like this or nobody talked for the full six minutes and the teacher had to step in and get ppl to talk
Yeah i pretty much agree with josh on this one
I really waited 6 minutes for that punchline
He didnt even extend it to 8 min for ad revenue, legend
I remember when I was in elementary whenever there was a moment like this I would wait to raise my hand till the very end just so I could disagree with everyone. I remember some girl named Kylie made a really good point on why ladybugs were good and started crying when I disagreed. As planned.
Damn, this was a rare shit sketch from gus. It happens. I get the point he's trying to make I guess, that they all think stealing is bad, yet they are all stealing Josh's answer. But just wasn't funny.
steaking gud
My favorite part was “I agree with josh that stealing is bad”
I agree with Josh about this...
I gotta agree with Josh on this one
When the professor makes participation in the discussion a grade
The blond guy's shirts had me  Edit: Especially the one that said "Drink apple juice cuz OJ will kill you"
the ceiling is pretty bad
Hey, is Thing-a-majigs still open?
As a Josh myself that often answered in class, this is accurate
Alt title:agreeing with josh for 6 minutes straight.
I got to give it to josh, I really do agree with him
Silly me being all excited about a 6 minute sketch from Gus. And what do i actually get? 6 minutes of everyone agreeing to what josh said
this has not changed through college either
Stealing is bad MMMMkay?
This is just showing of how many shirts the have.
Why is this on trending
This is so absurd I love it 😂😂😂
This feels like the “love him or hate him, he spitting straight fax” meme  Or the “when he/she/it ...... I felt that”
When I talked in a discussion the teacher would get annoyed and dismiss me or other students would yell at me when they disagree.  I'm not very likable even if I'm quiet and reserved....
Hmmmmmm, I like this video
thank god josh went first
Ya I think Josh is actually right in that stealing is bad. Ya know I had the same idea this exact day and time one year ago so actually Josh is agreeing with me. So ya know, you’re welcome Josh.
I think all these people are trying to hide the fact that they stole all of the clothes there wearing
The best part of this video is Thor's tshirt collection
I hate josh
I agree with Josh
This is totally how it went!!!!
How the hell is this garbage on trending?
Welp. There goes 6 and a half minutes of my life
Was the video looped?
Damn I knew exactly what was gonna happen 30 seconds into the video... but I still watched 6 minutes worth of people agreeing with josh
I cannot believe this video went on for 6 minutes
Josh really killed it in that discussion
I can’t believe I watched this whole 6 minute video.
what is this anti-stealing propaganda
This is college too
Stealing is Bad except when its the difference between life or death
Stealing is good
What was the wardrobe budget for this vid?
6:03
This is exactly our religion lesson...
TBH kinda went on for too long
I may be wrong but I think, I THINK! I think stealing is bad
How meetings go as an adult.
I watch people saying they agree with Josh
Legend has it people are still agreeing with josh to this day
I think we can all agree that sven is the better son
only the johnson family can make me watch 6 minutes of the same joke. and here for every moment of it.
Just so you know, this went on for 6 minutes
P i g g y b a c k i n g   o f f   w h a t   J o s h   s a i d,   s t e a l i n g   i s   w r o n g
How many kids are in this class??
The fact he will make a ton of money because of this video is the best thing about it
Bruh this is true even in highschool. Every agrees with each other and piggyback on everyone else. I facepalm so hard whenever that happens.
you forgot when several boys start messing around and saying stuff like "YEET", " GOT EM!!" and other random bullshit like that
vote Pedro for class president
I don't even have that many t-shirts lmao
This whole video is pointless. Thanks for the shit post, I’ll never get those 6 minutes back :)
I think this video was bad
Josh for president 2020
Gus Johnsons very accurate teacher portrayal is frightening
man if i was a teacher and this happand i would quit
Lmao
Boring 😴
this is still the case in college discussion boards lmao
Why does sven hate the ceiling
Stealing is a okay as long as its not from a small business
OH MY GOD IS THAT YOUR SISTER (excuse me while i simp)
Does this teacher have infinite patience and a total disregard for the development of his students? 😆😆😆
The teacher character looks like a guy who still listens to angsty pop punk bands in his 30s
Can't believe I watched that video without skipping any part thinking something might change... But nahh.
People keep stealing Josh’s idea and for that reason I can support Josh’s idea that stealing is wrong
It's scary how accurate this class size is.
Only Gus could make me watch people say stealing is wrong for 7 minutes.
Fake, the your supposed to have one kid disagree with everyone for attention
I also agree with Josh. Stealing is bad.
Ngl that went on for 2 minutes too long
Middle School student yeah this is spot-on teachers pick the stupidest things to discuss or students just don't want to discuss or ends in a screaming match take your pick
Don't call me crazy but...   *I think they think that they thing that Josh is thinking that stealing is bad* y e s
What middle school class has this many kids.......like for real
When you’re possibly breaking up with the love of your life and just want to smile
I'm gonna have to agree with Josh on this one, I think when he said stealing was bad it was perfectly put.
That is the real question because pleasure is there, suffering is there, the whole movement of the mind is the known and it may project the unknown, theorize, but that is not a fact, so can there be freedom from the known
Who is that girl tho? I checked like 3 times if she's gus in a disguise as a girl and I'm still not so sure.
Love your content, but if you are looking for feedback, this joke felt like more of a 1-2 minute video than 6 minutes to me.  Just my opinion though.
Why did I watch that
t u r t l e
Best 6 minutes of my life
In my Class it sounds like :  A-This was a Good Movie B-It was Trash A-You are Trash B- Your Mother Is Trash
I actually don't know if I agree with josh... * peer glares  * peer glares  * peer glares Actually, I do agree with Josh. (I feel like this has happened to me lol)
Benchmark highschool classes lol
For some reason, I watched the whole video
Wtf did I just watch
There a Hive mind
Does this video end
How many people are in this class?
Everyone’s saying that stealing is bad but nobody is mentioning Napoleon Dynamite in the class
Is this just 6 minutes of Josh is right?
I agree with Josh too, stealing IS bad
I just watched 6 mins for people saying stealing is bad
The person who said, “This is similar to what” or “I don’t know if this has been said yet”
idea: the anti bullying messages in middle school
So College
I think stealing is VERY BAD
Basically every TOK class.
I think stealing is bad also
ok, this might be controversial, but i, personally, think that stealing is bad.
00:12  For those who went back to hear what Josh said.
As someone named Josh, this is the most approval I've ever felt.
“Borrowing” TikTok does not agree with Josh.
I also agree with josh
hey guys I don’t think they don’t like stealing
Once you get the joke you get it, It didn’t have to go on for 7 minutes
Is stealing bad? Always has been.
When do we get the 3 hour director’s cut, Gus?
Hey guys, I think that stealing is pretty bad.
this is to real
Literally 99% won't see this but if you do, God bless u .stay safe and have a wonderful day.   My dream is to reach 2k. Please help me reach the goal.
Literally 99% won't see this but if you do, God bless u .stay safe and have a wonderful day.   My dream is to reach 2k. Please help me reach the goal.
I agree with johs
I’m my own humble and personal opinion I feel like stealing is not okay and against the law
it is so accurate its funny
That’s a big classroom
0:29 give my two cents on the opinion?? lmao
I agree with Josh
Josh is right i went through a period in my life i did it over 20years ago. But havent scince then and i dont miss it ?  Ty
This is retarded having it in 6 minutes
Middle school? This happens in High school too!
This was garbage but I watched all of it. 😂
How did you make a 6 minute video with this topic?
Todays class is different...schools are closed. They have this conversation through skype. Also stealing is only bad if you get caught, AM I RIGHT EVERY POLITICIAN THAT EVER LIVED?
This commentary on BLM protests is morally reprehensible. I think you should be canceled.
Stealing is bad
i can't believe they got 6 and a half minutes of this
I wish i was josh
Hey it's gus's sister
Ya know guys I think they are suggesting stealing is bad.
4:03 thats one hairy middle-schooler
how is this video six minutes long and not 35
Can’t wait for the 10 hour version
This video was 6 minutes but it felt like 6 hours
what kind of insanity is this
yo wait... stealing is bad
Josh: stealing is bad Everyone else: E
does this actually go for 6 minutes? edit: i'm going to watch this entire thing to find out edit 2: I hate evryone
How did he make it go on so long
fucking Josh
And nothing changed in highschool discussions
Y did i watch this whole video... XD
I bet in the end someone's gonna say they think stealing is good  Edit: FRICK, I thought I was actually right about something
Hey what was the name of the first student? I can’t remember :(
They really had 6 and a half minutes of I agree with josh and stealing is bad. I love it😃
Elaborate.
I get it
I'm sorry gus, I just couldn't make it through watching the whole video. It's too genius for me to handle.
I cannot believe that i just watched that
Usually the teacher ignores Josh because he's always the guy who raises his hand and tries to pick on someone who mutters "stealing.. is uhh... I don't like it"
Lol yup
Josh for president
When Josh said that stealing is bad   *i felt that*
How many students are in this class?
I also agree with Josh, umm, stealing is bad.
Bit long but I get out bro.
Credits:  Gus as Teacher Gus Gus as Josh Model Gus as Josh Napoleon Dynamite Gus as Josh Girl Gus as Josh? Different Shirt Gus as Josh
Dude that'd get so boring I'd HAVE to say stealing is good just to escape from that hell loop. I'd rather everyone yell at me trying to explain why it's not good than just listen to them rattle endlessly
This was 6 and a half minutes of garbage
“Ceiling is pretty bad.” - The Whole Class, 9/9/2020
I audibly snorted when I saw Thor in the vote for Pedro shirt! I don't know if I'll recover!
I lost braincells
All this just because Josh stole the teachers sharpie
Really workin that algorithm I guess huh boys
Josh is kinda a know it all
I just wasted 6:38 seconds of my life  watching the same thing being said over and over but do I regret it? no not really
Exactly how I heard it
this is so trippy i-
Watch till 0:39 , then skip to 6:05 that's the full video, you miss nothing of value, you're welcome
Seven minute slog to a very weak punchline......
Lol is that another johnson brother!?
My name is actually Josh and I have to agree with Josh. Stealing is bad.
I checked at 1:54 to see how long the rest of the video was... saw... took a deep breath... and hit play. I knew what I was in for.
Josh for president!
5:31 is his t-shirt on backwards?
Cmon gus you cant just take footage from the white house and upload it here!
I be watching at 2x and this convo still felt slower than a turtle carrying a backpack
I’ve gotta say. Josh really sent it with this one, stealing is definitely bad. So.
As someone who literally never had teachers do this when I was in school, I feel like I’m completely missing something 😞
The mic 1:31 🤣🤣
*Josh must be feeling mighty proud of himself after that class*
Stealing is good
How many people are in the class
I like the part where they all agree with Josh.
to be fair, what else would you say in this discussion?
Hey.... "Even I agree with Josh!!!"
I just sat through 6 minutes of them saying that they agree with josh that stealing is wrong
you know what I agree with Bush, stealing in middle east is right
Nobody asked who the girl is
You’re stealing my time with this video <3
I agree with Josh
never checked the time so it felt like 20x longer lol
I agree with Josh
😂😂😂😂😂😂 goddam josh
Why is this video 6: 38 minutes long
Guys help us - - for  - Complete my 🔔 target. ★
Abby from TLOU2?
Why is this so true tho
When you die the real you( the spirit inside your body) either goes to Heaven or hell. Going to either path depends on if you accepted or you rejected Jesus Christ as the savior.  Heaven is a very good place with no sins, sorrows, crying, lust, greed; in other words there is no sin there and it’s full of joy.  Hell is very terrible and it’s very very hot, you can’t survive placing your hand on a hot stove for 10 seconds, don’t even think you will withstand burning there without being consumed, The thing here is you will be burned without being consumed in hell the same same way you boil a hard rock in water you will be there for eternity, Again after judgement you will be thrown in lake of fire forever. Matthew 13:50 (UKJV) “And shall cast them into the furnace of fire: there shall be wailing and gnashing of teeth.”   Realise that you deserve hell for your sins;  Romans 6:23 plainly states that the wages of sin is DEATH. In Genesis 2:17 God warned Adam and Eve that they would die THE DAY they ate of the forbidden fruit. They disobeyed God, but didn't DIE physically until hundreds of years later. Why? It's because they DIED SPIRITUALLY that awful day, and all mankind has been born spiritually dead since (Romans 5:12). Please understand that spiritual death and the second death are not the same. Every person who is not born again is ALREADY spiritually dead. The second death is Gehenna, i.e., the Lake of Fire (Revelation 20:11-15). All those who die in their sins, without being born again( that is believing that Jesus Christ got crucified and shed his blood for their sins, buried and rose again in the third day and alive now in heaven), will be arraigned, prosecuted, and sentenced at The Great White Throne of Judgment and then cast into the Lake of Fire forever.   So how to get salvation and be on your way to heaven?  First thing first; Believing at Jesus Christ does not involve worship of other gods(church leader&ancestors), object(hand bands,car stickers,trees e.t.c) Muhammad,buddha e.t.c. It's only believing at Christ as the perfect sacrifice for your sins. It's your choice but know that rejecting Jesus Christ will send you the wrong direction.  No works can save you, there is no physical thing you can do to get saved but you are only saved through faith at what Jesus Christ did for you as simple as that.  Ephesians 2:8-9 For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God: Not of works, lest any man should boast.  Believe and confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ was crucified and he shed his blood for your sins at the cross and was buried but risen again on the third day and alive in heaven now, that way you will receive salvation and be on your way to heaven during rapture or after death.  After believing at Jesus Christ as the savior you must change your ways and try to stay away from bad works or sins as hard as possible, you must show that you are a new individual in Christ. e.g stopping fornication, getting drunk, homosexual acts, masturbation, pornography e.t.c.  As a human you will still fall at some sins of course as no human is perfect, but you must not swim in sin you must try your best to fight against sins and live a righteous life.  Also grow in the word; I suggest the following YouTube channels; Real bible believers, Robert Breaker and Pastor J.D Farag.
The longest 6 minutes ive ever had.
What kinda school did you go to -_- I just figured it would be alot of yelling and some random kid in the back screaming something about licking his..... yeah maybe my middle school wasn't so normal then :/
This is quality shitposting
Did anyone count how many ppl this class has? XD
Regarding the content of this video, I wholly concur.
Watches video on stolen Igooch +
This is quality as usual
I just want to agree with what Josh said. Stealing is wrong.
I thought you had Sven in a blonde wig for a whole 3 takes before I realized it was the other brother.
Nice way to flex all your T-shirts. This youtube money has clearly gone to your head. Is this a dry T-shirt contest? You've forgotten all your T-shirtless audience, some of us who have actually GRADUATED middle school and agree with what Josh said. I was just about to say it
My class was never this large, I don’t know about y’all.
How big is this class😂😂😂
I was waiting for the “devil’s advocate” guy
It’s even better cause my name is Josh.
I chose to forget middle school discussions but you just had to bring them back up
I have nothing new to add to the discussion but I need to pretend I'm participating for points.
This was not a fav vid of mine
If it hits the ground for more than ten seconds it's mine
My english teacher used to quote lord of the rings to us  She used to say "you shall not pass"
35 kids to 1 teacher. The ratios in our school system are horrible
how many goddang students are in this one classroom
I think I hate josh
no i don't agree with josh, Im just built different
Trending boiiiii
This is how the class discussions in my college go.
God it’s so accurate
great https://recreationalmarijuanashops.com/product/lavender/ Lavender, also known as Soma #10, is an Indica-dominant hybrid that has placed first in many competitions and carries a THC count as high as 19%. Its spicy Afghani hash-like taste is smooth and comes with a powerful euphoria. Its cerebral high is followed by a swirling body stone that calms and relaxes, causing most to feel lazy. Inexperienced users may quickly fall asleep. Negative effects may include the familiar cotton mouth, dry eyes, dizziness, and paranoia. Lavender may be used at any time of the day, but some prefer it in the evening or at night to help with insomnia. The strain is often used for pain relief due to its powerful Indica effects. It is an effective medication for stress, anxiety, and depression and is prescribed for PTSD, adult ADD/ADHD as well as obsessive compulsive behavior. Patients also use it to fight nausea and eating disorders such as anorexia. The high CBD content, reaching as much as 1%, may also help combat seizures. Lavender has rich and diverse genetics. Created by Soma Seeds, the strain is a cross between Super Skunk, Big Skunk Korean, and Afghani Hawaiian. Growing well both indoors and out, this strain does best when grown using the Sea of Green technique. A shorter vegetation cycle, however, is recommended for that particular method to control height. Flowering for eight to ten weeks, Lavender produces a lower yield: between 150 and 200 grams per square meter. THC Content – 20.0% Highest Test Average Indica 12.5% Lavender Highest Test 20.0% Lavender Average 14.0% Common Usage Pain Insomnia Anxiety Depression Nausea Effects Euphoria Sleep Sedated Cotton Mouth Creativity
How the actual F do you make a six minute video where everyone says exactly the same thing and it just gets funnier? Well done on this one, Gus. For real, my guy. I’m gonna share this with my principal/teacher father.
If you were in middle school before 2006, that "Vote for Pedro" shirt was the most on point part of this video 😂 I wish someone was wearing a "Tough Guys Wear Pink" shirt as well
This is a pretty large class. How many students are there?
I agree with Gus on this ones guys I think this is what middle school discussions were like
The kid with a different answer: 😏  The class: 👁 👄 👁
Fucking Hell. This is Monty Python level of skit.
great https://mamamary.io/collections/alimentari-e-bevande/products/birra-alla-canapa-special-edition-made-in-italy  Hemp Beer | Special Edition | Made in Italy Double malt.   Light beer with Hemp sativa, myrtle and pink pepper.  Appreciable the resinous notes of hemp.  Vol. Alc. 6.0%
I lost so many brain cells I can no longer speak coherently, also I would have to agree with josh when he said that stealing was bad
this was true garbage. typical gus
Epic, man
That's literally every class ever
Why did u make this
This isn't just middle school. This is high school too, and certain college courses
Yeee! https://youtu.be/9_V0sNpxARc
Disappointing video
aw where’s the kid that gets called on but they’re zoned out for a minute then when the teacher finally moves to another student they go “wait”
I swear it’s always me and one other kid having an actual discussion and then every now and then someone interrupts by saying that they agree with one of us and then not contributing to the discussion at all and then some teachers give you point for encouraging others to talk so I’ll be like “bla blah blabla blah bla.. what do you think Macie?” And then they’re just like “I agree”
Wtf
The best part of this for me was seeing all the different t-shirts that one guy wore. Lol
I hate that I was *exactly* that person at 1:15, speaking patterns and everything 🤦‍♂️
Heard the clothing budget for this was over $500,000
The only reason I sat through it was I was waiting for someone to disagree
Discussion posts in online classes:
I was the kind of kid to say "stealing and robbing is hurtful to others but sometimes you gotta look at the reason behind it. Maybe some people fee like they are obliged or compelled to steal. I think that we should fight the reason for stealing instead than stealing itself."  Then I'd get an F
I actually did it went through this whole video and it was actually entertaining
Well you can't steal without someone's consent or else its against the law so is it really bad
I don’t wanna get all political but I agree with josh, stealing is not good
this is exactly how they were wtff
Apples
Should've been drawn out for 50 minutes for accuracy.
Ngl, I don’t agree with Josh🤭
5:31 The best one 😂
These kids are all way too confident
Gus do you know what I did? I feel like you know. I feel called out.
That's it. Just everyone agrees with Josh. Really. I...... I thought you were funnier.
Yeh josh was right when he said stealing is bad
I agree with Josh
This is so true also because in middle school if you start a debate after a discussion, that means the lesson won’t end and it’ll require thinking. The teacher portrayed here is too patient...normally the teacher will come in and be like well this is why I think stealing is good. So unlike the students, the teacher is not portrayed in a realistic manner hahah
Anyone else feel like there in class or is it just me? 👇🏼
Pedro 2020
Look we all know this discussion started because Josh stoke and is trying to cover his tracts
God damn it Gus I want my five minutes back
Stealing is not wrong if you dont get caught
I hope someone steals this
I believe Josh’s point of view on the topic of stealing is very cash money and hence I agree with it
See I’m pretty smart so in the meet people literally control c control v my answerr
wait so is stealing bad
6 HECKING MINUTES OF A masterpiece
I agree with what josh said
shoulda told somebody to stop leaning back on their chair
I don’t remember middle school being like that but it does remind me of political discussions between liberals. “Racism is bad.” And then everyone else just tries to say the same exact thing while also trying to give themselves that much more of the moral high ground
Say it with me kids: if it’s a chain, it’s fair game
This scares me how accurate this truly is.
Well, to piggy back off of Josh, I think that stealing is wrong. It’s also bad and can hurt. Others.
Wardrobe changes galore! lol big ups, my guy
Ohh They’re stealing each other’s sentences I see what you did there
I think what josh said stealing is bad
What Josh said was right, stealing isn't
This was most high school discussions too, not just middle school. Let’s be real
Me and the teacher: thinking someone is going to say anything different Everyone: stealing his answer
Are all of the Johnsons hot?
My elevated ass watched this 7 times before mentally breaking thheloop.
Rank and file with what Josh said. I'd join in the bandwagon.
Ya Know what, josh was right... I agree with josh 👍🏼
I had to hear my name so many times lmao
Steeling is not okay so I agree with Josh.
Um.....how many kids are in this one classroom?????
What did josh say? I’m a little confused
It might’ve helped if the kids in the sketch had just read Les Mis or something with an ethical dilemma in some way. Like obviously stealing seems wrong - but if it’s steal or starve, kill or be killed, the conversation might open up some.
How many people are in this class
I just got out of middle school a couple months ago, its so horrifyingly accurate.
How to effectively waste the classes time
Too accurate.
Just gonna use what Josh said as a springboard and say that stealing, although counter to what many people may think, is pretty bad and honestly should be punished.... By death of course.
Oh boy I’m definitely at this point in "class discussions"
33 on trending
Yes I totally agree that how middle school was they just said the same thing as one another except change a few words to make it seem they are saying a different perspective on what the topic about classic eazy way out .😂😂😂love it
Who's class is this large?
"Don't sit on the chair like that, please sit normal."  Oml the accuracy of that in middle school 😂😂😂
The OJ shirt killed me...
Holy shit this is 6 minutes long
im so sad this ended
the most accurate response was, "this is kinda what josh said"
I don't like the fact not every student is Gus with a different wig.
i agree
I agree with Josh
every shirt is a different character?
You forgot the kid that is half asleep then says "Uhh. Josh is right" And the kid whose first language is Spanish does not speak much English so talks to their Spanish speaking friends and they say for him/her "He said that Josh was correct"
How is it that I have the attention span of a gold fish when it comes to school but can sit through six minutes of the same sentence being said fifty times
i'm gonna have to respectfully agree with josh on the statement he made about stealing being bad, to be honest
this is just an online schooling discussion board for all of my college classes
I feel like every year I get older people make fun of my ages stereotypes
This is exactly what would happen, and at some point I wish I would've raised my hand and said, "You think maybe you should give us an actual question? You know that nobody is going to have a differing opinion that they're willing to say out loud.".
Oh the memories
Why did I watch through 6 min of people saying they agree with josh and like it
yo really expressing my deepest most unforeseen thoughts and really digging in deep with how the question is worded and interpreted, I feel that i just may actually feel that i agree with josh on that one yeah.
You know at first I was like "whaaat?" But now im gonna have agree with Gus about middle school being this way.....     Ya.
This video gets stale so fast
did I take acid orrr..
im waiting for the kid who says: "let me play devil's advocate real quick. stealing _can_ be good"
There are 36 students plus 1 teacher in this classroom
I waited for <<stealing isn’t bad>> the whole video 😂
I also agree with Josh.
Not only is this accurate in that setting, but also in college in online discussions.
It wasn’t just middle school. People did this in high school and college too.
I hate that I sat here waiting for someone to disagree and then I realized none of these kids have seen Les Miserables and it shows.
Holy fuck I was convinced this was CNN until the end card.
I DON'T agree with Josh, I think stealing is fine as long as it's a chain store actually lmaoo
Josh: Stealing is bad Me: this particular individual is expressing himself in a very impressive manner
My discussions would just he awkward silence until the same three kids would talk, then the teacher would threaten that it goes on our grade then every one freaked out
Welp I just wasted 5 minutes of my life. And on a side note I personally disagree with josh because the government wants us to think stealing is bad because laws are just a yes of courage bro and the first one to disobey the law will be taken to the promised land that is why there are so many psa’s about obeying the law it’s all just a mind game bro.
This felt much longer than 6:38.
I gotta agree with josh
So accurate. Middle school discussion topics are always something that everyone agrees on.
There is more people here than in my class (in middle school)
I feel like Josh could easily win presidential elections
alternate title: four people show off every item out of their wardrobes while talking nonsense
You forgot the “I’m not sure if anyone has said this yet but stealing is bad”
Yeah, this was kinda how they go, speaking as someone who finished middle school a few years ago
Y'all remember middle school?
This was me all through high school
This was about 6 minutes longer than it needed to be
I like the part when they said stealing was bad
I really resonate with Josh's stance on stealing
Is this what they were supposed to be like? I was a problematic kid then, damn.... And just real quick..Gus has either a lot more friends than we thought, or making enough money to hire this many actors
This is why I'm a high school teacher
They probably stopped just because they ran out of clothes.
This was not a discussion 😶
I think I’m gonna have to be with Gus on this one. This is basically what middle school discussions were like. Kind of like what Gus was saying.
Ya this is also high school and college lmao
Nailed it
Is it bad I watched the whole thing and thought why do I do that in school
I too agree with josh
Lmao the same fucking exact thing but just trying to change it to sound different to come off as smarter than the other person
Gotta go with Josh on this one
Isn’t this the guy with the shotgun???
Stealing's bad mmkay..
It's so true it makes me fell like i am at school again
Waiting to hear at least one person say "Stealing is objectively wrong but if someone stole for food for their baby" or something.. were all middle school discussions that one dimensional?
Umm josh is spot on I agree with josh
Idk man I think I’m gonna have to agree with josh on this one
Is this actually a brainwashing video?
what do you mean, this is college
How many kids are in this classroom?
Middle school *and onward   still doin this shit in college, especially over zoom
Everyone: stealing is bad.  Me: I'm still gonna do it.
The moral of this story is to always be the first to say the answer especially if you like your name being said out loud
6:10
He climbed to #34 in a day
Forgot to ask to go to the bathroom smh
Did you have to pay every one of these actors???
I'm gonna have to agree with hsoj on this josh
This is too damn accurate. Extends to high school as well.
Too many long necks and bad hair.
How did they get so many people in one room?
This video was good it gust felt like an hour
[i get it
6 and a half minutes... too long
Just to play Devil's Advocate here, stealing really is pretty bad and I think we should really think about that more.
What that girl’s  name
This was the longest 6 minutes of my life
We had a discussion about drinking and driving when i was in drivers education, everyone was against it except one woman saying something like: "weeeeell in a emergency situation i would say its ok, a friend of mine have an abusive husband and one time when they had been drinking he was very aggressive and hitting her so she got in the car and drove away" After that some people changed to "It's ok in some situations"   I said quite calmly  "While maybe on some very rare exception it migth be ok but that wasn't even an acceptable emergency, she could have walked, she could just have locked the car instead of driving away, she could have locked herself in a room and called the police. Not endangering not just her life but others as well"  The woman was sooo pissed in hindsigth it migth have been herslef... she responder very agrily with something along the lines of "Well that migth not work every time". So i said like "Then she need to leave him asap"  After this we had a very short discussion in the class about abusers but the original woman wouldnt engage in it before your teacher moves things alon
As a Josh, I approve of this message.
Stealing is very bad for you I can't tell a lie if jesus sees you do it you're surely going to cry
This reminds me of the class discussions we would have in middle school.
This must have taken so long to make
I agree, stealing is bad
Fake, there were always just two people involved in class discussions
how did they extend this, that much for 5 minutes
Thor's face at 5:04 was definitely my favorite lol
Middle school?? This was college too!
The amount of shirts they went through went making this video
Why the fuck did I watch this whole thing and why did I enjoy it so much
6 damn minutes and I enjoyed every second
I think that ceiling is bad
Well, as josh said, I believe stealing is wrong. Thanks.
Wow, Josh was really brave to say something so controversial
This video made me question subscribing
I’m angry that I watched the whole thing 🙁
i got 4 mins in before i realized it wasn't gunna stop lmfao
I fucking hate how accurate this is
This literally gave me a freaking headache
My only question in that, how many kids are in this class
Based on the class size, I gonna go ahead and say this is a public school.
4:03 when you are a middle schooler of Arab decent
Yeah I just wanted to say that I agree with myself, stealing is no beuno
Also high school and college discussions
I think stealing is bad also
Wow, im happy everyone agrees with me
This goes for 6 fucking minutes
When the teacher doesn’t have anything else planned for the day so they are just trying to kill time
I'm beginning to get the idea that maybe, just possibly they are agreeing with josh
pedro
😀😀😀😀
I think we should all follow Gus on twitter! I think that would be a good idea
longest 6 min I’ve ever sat through
shoutout to the kids who just disagree with everyone to spice it up
I'm so glad that I spent gobs of money on college tuition, like Josh.
Middle school? This is still going on in college
I watched this for like one minute and it just kept going and I was just so immersed I forgot I was watching a sketch
1:01 waaait that’s not Daniel thrasher
You should have done something like counting how many times they say "Stealing"
Is this just funny because its awkward
The fact that I watched 6 whole minutes of people agreeing with each other is mind blowing 🤯
Damn, how many students are in this class?
Y people gotta got the dislike, it's just people having fun stop hating and go watch Belle Delphine u little simps
Josh makes a pretty good statement, Stealing IS wrong. I mean it's a crime man!
Man they all look similar..
“Stealing is bad” *steals answer* *I also stole this comment
Great vid, Gus! I have to say, I’ve talked to friends about this exact topic before, and I have to agree with Josh. He really nailed it when he said that stealing was bad. That aligns exactly with my beliefs and I’ve even cut ties with people who disagree.
Did anyone else not look at how long this video was and sat through the whole thing expecting something to change?
even highschool most of the time unfortunately
This is BS, no one raises their hands in general
What am I doing with my life    I'm watching a six minute video of people saying stealing is bad
Hey guys, Josh, I just would like to put out there that I believe that stealing is wrong.
Basically when your teacher has you do a discussion board and makes you reply to your classmates: “I agree” lol
Yeah I agree with Josh
I agree with Josh
But... can you blame them?
shoutout the Vote For Mumbo tee
I'll agree with Josh, becouse, i do think steal what is not yours is not a nice thing to do  (Comment if you agree with Josh)
there are so many kids in this class
There are way too many people in this class
I don't get the joke.
Remind me why I watched the entire thing
I never want to hear the word josh again
I mean you gotta admit, What Josh said is so true.
I agree with josh.
“I agree with Josh” Chain
I know you didn't steal it, but your twims jacket looks like one I used to have a long, long time ago.
remember kids, if it’s it a chain, it’s free reign☺️
Everyone: Stealing is wrong Me, a literal communist: Well, hold on. Who is being stolen from?
I mean, I really have to agree with Josh here. He really got me with that “stealing is wrong” thing.
Just got off a zoom call for a college class and that's... That's exactly how it went. I go to a tech school and this is how we be in humanities classes.
I agree with josh that stealing is bad
Middle school? This is how most of the debates in highschool went lmao
Everyone: I agree with josh stealing is bad    Me: I agree that we should vote for Pedro
Take a shot every time they say Josh
Tad! Rat really nailed it on the head on my thoughts of this video. I agree with him. That is my thoughts on this video.
I just wasted six minutes of my life.
The joke was over 1 minute into the vid
Take a shot for everytime they say "stealing is bad" since stealing is bad.
[This Comment Was Stolen]
I Would like a full 1hr version of this.
Yeah, I agree stealing is wrong
Like it or not Josh do be spitting straight fax
Sven in a blonde wig can play the next Jeffrey Dahmer in his biopic
the Vote For Pedro shirt got me... because i have the same one
yeah, i agree with  fucking josh!
Love the vote for Pedro shirt
that’s a whole lotta johnsons
I love how they make no effort to hide the mics in the video
Wait, hey I just wanted to bud in here to say that I believe that stealing isn’t right, and furthermore, that it is wrong
Accurate, but every third answer is a personal story that only vaguely relates to topic.
Josh is always high so I’m on the fence on what Josh said.
The ceiling is bad
this is my ethics class... in cOLLEGE
Who is the long blond hair guy????? He's clearly a Johnson plz tell me They're all Johnson's but I only recognize Sven and Gus. Who is lady Johnson and who is long hair Johnson???
Lol we need smaller classroom sizes
Shout out to all the people who watched the whole thing
Guys, I can’t disagree with Josh on this one, he was saying what I was thinking, stealing is bad.
Was thinking one of the students towards the end would ask the teacher to repeat the question and then do the agreeing with josh thing.
This video feels simultaneously longer and shorter than 6 minutes.
gotta get that participation credit.
Stealings good idk what y'all talking about
Anyone else grateful they didn't have to deal with these kind of classes? Lmao.
Josh: Stealing is bad  Everyone else: write that down write that down!!
This video feels like the last 6 minutes of math class
My dad was like this is pointless! But I disagree, because appearently I have to agree with josh. That’s the hot point I guess
Josh: gives his answer The entire class: *our answer*
Deep voices for middle schoolers.
I'm a teacher and this pains me
Controversial opinion..... but I think I agree with josh
When you realize how many times gus had to stand there and keep on saying “yep” to nothing
I think I'm with Josh on this one...
I have to agree with Josh on this one, stealing is not something that is good. You mustn't do that.
how many shirts did they bring to this classroom
you forgot the one kid who makes it racist somehow
Josh is just popular, steeling is ok
Out of all those kids none of them agreed with josh?!!???
You mean: College discussions
oh god it's six minutes this is too realistic
Your class has 35ish students, dang
Vote for pedro
my name is josh and I have never been more flattered
The fact that my name is josh and I’m 13, I feel this a lot.
Is anybody gonna talk about the “vote for pedro” on blonde Napoleon Dynamite? 1:27
Six minutes strait of “I agree with josh that stealing is bad”  Why?
The Drink Apple Juice shirt is great
I’m going to have to agree with josh on this one, stealing is bad.
Annoying how realistic this is.
Everyone: stealing is bad  Everyone in these comments: stealing each others comments  (Christian Bell said this earlier....I'm just doubling down on the irony)
Honestly though, this is engineering design reviews too
This hurt to watch but in the way that it was supposed to, so good work :3
Is that Gus' sister?
1:26 the holding your arm up cause it got tired😅
wait is nobody gonna talk about how dam big that class is like holy shit that’s like my entire grade
I think I'm gonna have to agree with Josh stealing is wrong.
Is looting stealing?
100% relatable 😂
I love the vote for pedro shirt 😂
This shit still happens in university
Just wanted to say that josh was 100% right to say that stealing was bad.
Okay I fast-forwarded.  Yup, it's just the same 5 people saying stealing is bad for 6 straight minutes so uh... I'm gonna rewind and watch from the start, stealings bad y'all.
This is true and that’s sad
Can pls flykity and grandat and dolak ark
uh yeah i agree with josh
Okay i thought the blond guy was sven in a wig for like 5min and then i realised
Where's the devil's advocate
At first I heard them say "ceiling is bad," and I got so confused for a second
I think like what Josh was saying that stealing is wrong.
This is how they went in high school too
i agree with josh
This moment happened to me once and I agree with josh stealing is bad
A better title would be "Every college online discussion board"
Yeah josh really nailed it and I’m all on board with what josh said like that stealing is bad
I’m with josh on this one boys, I think stealing is bad
Wow the presidential debates are kinda crazy this year
Stealing is good do it I don't agree with josh
Man, this is garbage
I actually have discussions in school, but I love this.
Does Sven have a twin brother?
Is that a got damn MSU Mavricks basketball shirt?  Fuck lol Mankato blows
You nailed the patient middle school teacher
I was thinking the same thing
I think Josh made a solid point tho. Stealing is bad
Yeah I can totally go with josh stealing is bad
Stealing is good.  Change my mind.
This is a bit like what Captain Confused said, but You forgot the one kid who has a different opinion and the teacher proceeds to mock them for the next hour
how am i only halway through... feels like ive been lost in a timeloop back to middle school for 10 years
Total representation. Very accurate.
This is one of those rare times where someone repeats a joke over and over and over and over and over again, and it’s still funny. Also, I would actually have to concur with Joshua on this one
2:05 sounds like Sven is doing a Gus impression
I too agree that stealing is wrong and I agree with josh that stealing is wrong
As a middle schooler: 100% true My school had to tell us that we can’t wear booty shorts and shirts that show our stomachs today, and pretty much every period the teacher would go: so guys do you remember what you can’t wear? And everyone was just like: booty shorts and crop tops. Booty shorts and crop tops. Then a boy in my class went: but my gf has such great boobs!!! Like bruh
i had a socratic seminar on friday, and yep... this is 100% what it's like.
Now I’m just throwing my opinion out there, now personally stealing seems disrespectful and some might even say bad.
I think that stealing is bad
Can we just talk about the amount of twins in this class
Totall garbage but funny and also needs to be shorter.
I wouldn’t know how this feels
How many people are in his class?
Gus, I didn't see The Shining so I don't get it.
When they said “I agree with Josh,” I felt that.
This one was a bit of a slog
I think Josh has a pretty good point
To the person reading this: you're amazing stay blessed and stay safe, have an wonderful rest of your day!❤
Man, just out of the gate, Josh came out and hit the nail on the head #imwithjosh
I just watched somebody talk about the same sentence for 6 and a half minutes
The video says middle school, but I'm still experiencing this in college.
haune?
Six minutes of this shit
So who else forgot what Josh looks like
I got a feeling *Josh thinks stealing is bad.*
Stealing is bad and wrong, it's badong.
Hey real quick what fucking middle school in rural Wisconsin did you go to that had that many kids in one class?
yeah, me to, I agree with josh
sorry i was just stretching
I thought this was a 2 minute video, oh boy
No. There’s always this one kid who asks tooooo many questions and the one kid who secretly agrees with the right point but they say the wrong answer or say something off topic
Damn how’d you get so many people to participate
This video did not need to be 6 minutes long. I understood the joke in the first 45 seconds
this is the funniest video i’ve ever watched
This was like some weird fever dream
I really liked the part when they said stealing is bad
Is this just 6 minutes of the johnson family agreeing with josh?
You forgot about the guy who said he forgot what he was gonna say
Wtf 🤣
this is content
Hmm
You're all just agreeing with Josh cuz he's popular, you worship the ground he walks on and don't listen to me cuz I'm a beta male cuck! But, anyways, stealing is wrong.
As someone also named Josh I 100% also agree with what Josh said
This isn’t middle school! This is just like me high school!
Guys I think stealing is bad
why are there like over 100 people in this class that agree with the same person, always at least one person that disagrees passively
Its six minutes of people agreeing on each other and some how its interesting.
This video just called me a stealer in 40 different languages and 15 accents
I gave it a thumbs up for your metrics but I fuckin hated that
You forgot that one kid who always has to play devil’s advocate
Misspelled community college bro
Everyone: stealing is bad  Everyone in these comments: stealing each others comments  Edit: I stole this comment
best 6 and 1/2 minutes of my life
Also forgot about the dude that asks the teacher to repeat the question cause they weren't paying attention lol
*Modern politics in a nutshell*
About 4 minutes too long
Steal bad no good
I too have to agree with josh that stealing is bad
how was this 6 minutes lol
What an emotional roller coaster.
those are a lot of students for a middle school class
Romans 3:23 For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God; Hebrews 9:27  And as it is appointed unto men once to die, but after this the judgment: Isaiah 64:6  But we are all as an unclean thing, and all our righteousnesses are as filthy rags; and we all do fade as a leaf; and our iniquities, like the wind, have taken us away. Revelation 21:8 But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death. Romans 5:8  But God commendeth his love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us. John 3:16  For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. John 14:6 Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me. Romans 10:9-10.  That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. John 5:24  Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life. 1John 5: 10-13 He that believeth on the Son of God hath the witness in himself: he that believeth not God hath made him a liar; because he believeth not the record that God gave of his Son. And this is the record, that God hath given to us eternal life, and this life is in his Son. He that hath the Son hath life; and he that hath not the Son of God hath not life. These things have I written unto you that believe on the name of the Son of God; that ye may know that ye have eternal life, and that ye may believe on the name of the Son of God. Ephesians 2:8-9  For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God: Not of works, lest any man should boast. Romans 8:1  There is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus, who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit. 1 Corinthians 15:3-4 For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures; And that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day according to the scriptures: 2 Corinthians 5:21 For he hath made him to be sin for us, who knew no sin; that we might be made the righteousness of God in him. ..................
*college lmao
The teacher: “I don’t like you, you?”
This aint it
The patience teachers have to have 🤣
Like any current college student. Murder is bad too
i thought the last guy was going to play “devils advocate”
Imagine how great Josh is feeling right now
As a middle school teacher THIS IS OFFENSIVE. Just kidding. This is painfully accurate.
bruh this is just you guys flexing how many different shirts you all have
this is exactly perfect
Dude that girl nailed it
The joke is that no middle school students would participate this much
Yee ceiling is bad
I already forgot who Josh is
This is a 6 minute video
How many students are in that class
That was the whole video?
...cool
All these kids stealing Josh's answer
I think stealing is bad.
Can you do a video on that one kid in class that has like 400 markers and he refuses to lend you any of them?
Man, Gus has gotten really good with his different characters!
As someone in middle school This is true
Teacher: Does anyone have any comments? *teacher's pet raises hand* Teacher: Someone besides *teacher's pet*
this could not be any more accurate
Ask yourself again if this is the same thing for 6 whole minutes, then skip another minute ahead and find that it isnt
I agree with Josh about his opinion that stealing is wrong
Is this entire video consisting of yeah I agree with josh with stealing is bad.
This video seems way longer than 6 minutes
Lmao did anyone realize, they're saying stealing is bad yet they are stealing Josh's answer
This is probably the most aggressively unfunny sketch I’ve ever seen. I love it.
Stealing is wrong
The “VOTE FOR PEDRO” shirt is the greatest
you should make a series: how classroom debates go in middle school, high school and college  by college you get “i think emily dickinson’s a lesbian” “partial credit”
Going off of what josh said, i might have to agree with josh that stealing is bad.
as a middle schooler this is 100% true
Do you know how hard it was to watch this.
More of a 3 minute bit but spot on for realism.
Class sizes are getting out of control
Josh is Allah.
Wtf why josh, k.
One may not simply disagree with Josh as it is heresy
I like how everyone says the same thing all video
This was painful to watch
I agree with whoever said that stealing is bad. I think it was Josh. Josh was that you? Such a Josh thing to say. Just kidding, Josh. Seriously, I wholeheartedly and unequivocally agree with my fellow pupil, a Mr. Josh himself. People say to each other "stop Joshing" but to you, Josh, I say "never stop Joshing."
My brain
Ha this is college
Yeah, it's the whole video
A middle school class discussion that's secretly a middle school fashion show in disguise?  Noice.
That dynomite kid has the best shirts
Yeah I have to agree with Josh on that one when he said that stealing is not good it is very wrong and bad and Josh was right and he has my full support and I fully agree with him that stealing is bad and if you don't agree with Josh Then you are not a good person and you think stealing is good when it's not good and it's bad and also... stealing is bad.
You guys I’m starting to think that stealing is bad...
I don’t get it :/
JOSH 2020
6 minutes of my life that im never getting back :/
This would have been more realistic if it started out with ninety seconds of silence
this is so painfully drawn out and i watched the whole thing
This is kinda uncomfy... You really nailed it, right to the classroom 😂
I just sat here for 6 mins and listened to people who agree with josh.            But I also agree with what Josh said.
Longest 7 minute video I ever seen
Idk where the teacher saying "Elaborate on that pls" is in this video but I think it's for the best. Being put on the spot like that to defend your answer is scary af
i didn’t feel too called out until the “this is kinda like what josh said...”
Utilitarianists be like: Josh...is    wrong.
You forgot the part where the quite kid pulls out a gloc.......  *FBI wants to know your location*
I’m in middle school and we literally talked about this yesterday
Guys, I think stealing is bad. Just a hunch
“Once a certain degree of insight has been reached... all men talk, when talk they must, the same tripe.” - Samuel Beckett, Murphy
It’s 4 o’clock and I’m here
Sounds like twitter but with calling people racists and dragging ten year old dirt up
Basically 100% accurate.
That's why in my class the teacher would split the class in two groups and forced us to defend a position even if we didn't agree. That way the debate was open and we were trained to think outside our own bubble and challenge our own thoughts
vote for pedro!!!!!! hell yeah....can we bring that movie back? gees....*and* have you guys in it!!!!!! *epic*
This sounds like politics.
Augustus, you have stolen my heart!
If you skip to any part of the video you hear the same thing
I’m kinda vibin with Josh here on this one. Stealing do be finna bad
Oh irony
I really just watched this entire vid...        AND IT WAS GRRRRRRRREAT!
The irony
The fact that this video is 6 minutes when he honestly couldve just ended it at 1 minute is half the humor
This was so accurate.
i hate how right he is XD
Drink every time they say josh
Finally they agree with me!
1:32 WHERE U GET THE SHIRT GUS?
I can't be the only one who wants Thor's OJ shirt pretty bad
Did I just watch 6 and a half minutes of the same fucking joke? Yes, I did. And it was great.
Yeah I think stealing is bad too 🤔
yes yes yes yes yes
“Anybody have any separate opinions from Josh?”
Stealing is bad
I want a t shirt with "i agree with josh"
To help people and tell them when something different happens nothing changes lmao
Honestly Gus, I kind of want a "I agree with Josh" t-shirt now
God this sucked to watch
1:27 that pose is TOO REAL almost got flashbacks
Hey guys bad is stealing
They way they stole Josh answer to make their point that stealing is bad
Guys I think stealing is bad.
There’s really only one way to go about stealing... it’s bad
I can’t believe it’s 6 mins of this XD
You forgot that one kid who was always trying to get called, cut over everyone and was just straight up ignored.
Literally 6 minutes of them saying that stealing is bad
YES!!!
what a about a homeless person stealing food from a multi million dollar corp. so they can survive? JOSH???? huh?? is that bad too lol at least there was one or two kids that had different opinions normally
imagine someone who didn’t read the title
I agree with Josh, stealing's just not cool
*Gus finally gets on trending* YouTube: yeah I’m just gonna have to say, I think I agree with Josh on this one.
The teacher needs to be more exited tho
Accurate. Just got out of middle school and this was my entire science class
That shirt that thor had on is pretty cool
“Just to piggy-back off of josh here...”
In my opinion stealing is a bad thing to do
I agree.... Ceiling is bad.
I actually watched six minutes of that
The irony of everyone stealing what Josh said.
Omg this happened for me at work today!
Yeah I agree with Josh too
As a middle school teacher.... so accurate 😝
Yeah, what Josh said about stealing being bad is also what I would say about stealing.
The whole family got the same teeth
Oh man this one was hard to get through.
Love this but it should've been a 3 or 4 minute video.. not 6 and a half. Kinda dragged on..
How many shirts and jackets did they have to bring to this shoot? Anyone count?
too many beats, killed the funny really quickly imo
the longest 6 minutes in my life.
"Thou shalt agree with Josh" -God in the book "The Bible"
i agree with gus on this one, this is how most middle school discussions went
Second to last guys explanation was the best
Josh stole my thoughts on stealing
Guys I think the message to take away from this video is that stealing is bad and I agree with Josh
1:26 oh my gosh, everyone used to do that when their hand fell asleep before the teacher could point to them. This triggered something deep in my memory
i kept waiting for the outlier
When gus says subscribe for more garbage, he wasnt lying.
i stayed for the whole thing expecting for something intesresting or funny to happen and i walked out of this video bored and tired, just like a normal middle school discussion
My favorite part is when they say stealing is bad
I fucking love stealing.
how class discussions are going in college*
6 1/2 minutes of my life that I’ll never get back
Josh be right tho
aight how long did it take y’all to realize they’re all just agreeing with josh? i got to 2:58 before i realized.......
when they agreed with josh i felt that
So a waste of time that develops into a toxic echo chamber as per neglected standards of public educat. Such a raw message in every upload. Have ya tried jaazz tho *snap snap*
I agree with Josh
I have to agree with Josh, stealing is bad
I liked the part where they agreed with josh
If ya ain't too sure who to agree with, watch it again.   P.S I think i'm going to agree with Josh.
2:02 Disappearing pencil
These are High School discussions as well. Except without raising hands.
Ceiling is bad
This is funnier for me cuz my name is Josh 😂
Gus has more chest hair than your dad....   And your mom combined
yup um  pretty much sums that up
this took to long to load i only 9.9 stars
:)
Imagine being i favor of stealing  -This comment was created by josh gang
Let’s play a game Every time someone says josh take a shot
This is how ours went in HS too. I think ppl might be getting dumber
Frick josh
I've never been more glad that I was homeschooled. I didn't have to live through this until college!
were was carol my favorite quote is  "  its ok we will just do it like the pirates" bro I died laughing
Stealing is the opposite of ugly good
i agree with josh
Accurate af lmao
Josh has a point stealing is just bad
Why is this entertaining
I know there's 12 000 comments but like, i just wanted to say that stealing's really bad, when Josh said that stealing was bad he had a really good point, he was accurate, I mean yeah like he said earlier it's kinda y'know it kinda stinks so yeah he probably is right when he says that stealing is bad.
I really thought that someone was gonna say that josh stole my pencil at the end
Guys I think stealing is bad
I like how gus played like every character in this one, even grew his hair out for that girly character, really committed fella
I don't need anymore my work thanks to, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
Just to Segway off of what Josh said....
I dont agree with Josh, i steal feelings every day honey1
I must say, the guy with the glasses had the most convincing arguments.
He actually looks like Napoleon dynamite
What would josh know? He doesnt even live in a civilized society. He's been stealing 99% of my milk and left me with millimeter milk.
I’m in the equivalent of middle school and this is so accurate I’m just like cringing because everyone has a sense of being together
This makes me remember going to school in Wisconsin with all the long hockey player hair cuts.
It in trending boyz
No way I actually just watched that entire video
I agree with Jill stealing is a good thing
I agree with josh, stealing sucks and i think he is correct in saying stealing is bad
Josh: stealing is bad.  Everyone: steals his answer
For the entire 6 minutes I was waiting for someone to disagree with josh
That was 6:00 minutes I’ll never get back
this is how discussions go in college
I agree with Josh. Smart kid.
he shouldve said “building on what josh said...”
Congrats on 2.6 mil!
Someone should have said, "I'm gonna steal Josh's answer..."
I just wasted 6 minutes and some seconds of my life on this video. I’m okay with that. I think.
Nice Schrute Farms shirt
You forgot the kid that raises their hand and the immediately forgets what they were going to say.
plot twist: josh never said anything cuz there was never a josh in the 1st place.
I would steal all these kids' lunch money every day for every year we went to school together
At first I was like “how the heck did this video get #28 on trending” but then I realized I agree with josh
Uni is still like this.
This would literally be the most dumb shit teacher ever for believing this crap. But once gain, all middle school teachers are the same.
I watched the whole thing?  Good educational video?  I feel really informed?  I liked it?
Listen now galaxy
This is philosophy class. People waste time agreeing just to get in good with the teacher.
“Uhm, just playing devils advocate here but-“
How tf can you make a 6 min vidio about saying one Thing in different ways
This just turned into a game of guess who’s next
I did vague math is you take a shot every time they say josh you would take 80ish sips and so you would most definitely die
can we start an "i agree" thread
How class discussion goes in college.
Was hoping for a “just to play devils advocate...”
My favorite part is the Jon Heder cameo at 1:30.
Hey Gus that guy stole your facial features
I don't know, does Josh really believe stealing is wrong? I just think some of the others had better points.
my favorite part is when he said stealing is bad
How many people are in this class
I see you got Napoleon Dynamite for this bit. Quite the staple of middle school culture back in the day.
At least they say anything lol my college classes are silent
You forgot the : “can anybody describe it in their own words?” .silence. “No, ok.”
I disagree with the statement josh said of, “stealing is bad” I think stealing is just not good
i thought they were stealing each others shirts
Yeah, I think stealing is bad because- when you really think about it, if someone stole from me I wouldn’t really like it. So I’ma go with Josh on this one               Also, Gus forgot the part where the teacher fake smiles and says “Ok, does anyone have anything different”  Ishouldknowbestbecauseiminmiddleschool
They're stealing what Josh said!
Middle school??? Did you mean College Philosophy? Its the same thing except you take out loans to be in the latter
What about when you can't afford something, so you steal from a big company who exploits people
how is this seven minute video three hours long
I think stealing is unessasary
I watched this entire thing with the hope that someone would disagree with Josh  Edit: did some dumb grammatical error
i’m with josh on this one stealings not good
I dont agree with josh  Stealing is good
Who's josh
That ending though
I love Gus' channel, and I don't typically compare, but Ryan George did a video (His "I'm in" video) with a very similar concept and I found it way funnier and was only like a third of this video's length. I know this video was supposed to be relatable, but it doesn't escalate at all in terms of premise or humor. This video could have easily been 2 minutes long, 3 tops. Regardless, I still love the channel but this one wasn't anything to write home about.
my guy made the same sentence funny for 6 minutes
Personally I'm pro stealing
I was the kid that would always argue why stealing is good, at least under some circumstances. Sure, I was probably annoying, but at least school was never boring.
Damn people in your middle school waited their turn to talk?
ye... ya know what i think i'm gonna have to agree with josh on this one
This could also be called “every college discussion board”
I honestly think that if you don’t agree with josh, you might burn in hell because stealing is definitely bad!
I think that josh is right because josh said it good and josh said that stealing is bad. Josh is God
why did i watch all of this
Am I the only one, who was like "ok one more and I'm going to skip it", but then watched the whole video?
Totally agree with josh stealing is really bad
The fact that this is one of the longer Gus vids I’ve seen hurts me.
hire my services if you need art @jojoaoao_
YouTube doesn’t like other ads
This happened in class everyday last year in history
i really just watched this for 6 and a half minutes :')
🟢 iHerb discount code JJP449
The only ones who have more commitment then those who watched the whole video, are the people who filmed it. Absolute mad men
*JESUS LOVES U TURN FROM SIN ACCEPT HIS GIFT* ✝️✝️✝️
the LENGTH
I do agree with Josh on this one
Epic Games be like: 6:05
So should I watch the whole video? Or... am i catching the drift lol
Wait I wasn't paying attention and Josh might've said this but what do you think about stealing, Gus?
VOTE FOR PEDRO!
For me, nobody answers and we just sit there awkwardly waiting for someone to talk. And then the teacher calls on someone and the rest:
How and why did this go on for six minutes
Longest 6 minutes of my life
Josh really hit the nail on the head. I hate to steal his view on the matter but I just really disagree with the motives of stealing ya know it’s just wrong
Ah so this is why 5 minute discussions felt like 1 fucking hour
This is a 6 minute long video of 4 people agreeing with josh
that was 6 minutes and 38 seconds im never going to get back
its the Donald trump ad for me like ... ew-
Yea josh is correct
All three Johnson’s pulling out their entire wardrobe for one video
Honestly unpopular opinion on this one but Josh is for sure correct in him saying stealing is bad
Then you have the kid that miss understood the question and says "stealing is good" then the teacher says the statement again and the kid is like "oh yeah yeah I get it know I agree with Josh"
I also just have to agree with Josh He took the words right out of my mouth
When Josh said "stealing is wrong," I felt that
yes i trust josh on that one
and there’s always that one kid who is capable of having his opinions and says something different and everyone instantly agrees with him
and then they all get a
I don't agree with Josh
Tell that to blm
I cannot believe that actually went on for 6 minutes
One minute in I checked the video length and prepared to dig in deep LOL
I didn't think it would go on for the whole 6 minutes, Jesus why did you do this Gus.
I agree
This video is at least 5 minutes too long
I disliked the video, not because it was bad but because it was too real
everyone stole Josh's answer.
The mad lad did this for 6 fucking minutes lmao
Shit this is how it works in college too.
Josh is right
I don't know if anyone said this yet, but I think stealing isn't right
People who say they have ‘unpopular opinions’ lmao
I was hoping there would be an edge lord disagreeing with everyone just to sound special.
The end is so much pay of for way to much build up
This joke ran on longer than a Family Guy joke.
wtf not even 10 minutes
Why did I watch 6 minutes of this
Hmmm.. yes ceiling IS bad like josh said
holy fuck how long can he make it?
16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.  17 For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved.  18 He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he that believeth not is condemned already, because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God. .John 3:16-18
hello
I’m gonna take the same stance as josh, stealing is very wrong and I don’t think it’s a very good thing to do. I haven’t personally ever stolen, but a close friend of mine did and I haven’t talk to that friend in a while. So basically, what josh said, I agree with it.
That's a church sunday school room if I've ever seen one. The basket of glue and other supplies in the background really gives it away.  EDIT: Ope, just saw the wall decoration with crosses all over it
longest 6 minutes of my life
I liked the part where they agreed with Josh
Yeah Josh is right stealing is wrong
Not gonna lie; I'm with Josh.
This is painfully accurate
I aggre with this comments
Got a good 30 seconds into the video until I knew exactly what was going to happen and then I just skipped the rest. Good C+ effort on this one, definitely not one of your best.
Josh stole my answer!
*BLM has left the chat*
It’s the everyone having the same lips for me
Cool beans
oh my fuck this was a 6 minute video
Ok sooo... not many people know this but umm.... Ok so I'm gonna tell you although you might not understand it..               I totally agree with Josh
Yeah, this might be kind of controversial but I'm actually agreeing with Gus here. Middle school and even high school "discussions" are usually just a dumb circlejerk because participation grading forces everyone to say something, even if they don't really have anything to say. Yeah that's what I think. Got my full support there Gus. I'm actually agreeing with what Gus did there. I think he's right. Oh and the presentation was really good, with all the uh, like, videos. Nice, those videos like, really make it more memorable, I think I got the point there. Which is kind of a good one by itself, by the way! You made a good point there Gus. I agree.
Yo gotta be with josh, stealing is kinda gay
Idk anything can happen but i think Josh said true things its just my point of view
*i don’t agree with josh*
Literally how college is
Yeah I think that stealing is bad... uh so like I think I agree with Josh on this one.
I agree with what Josh said. Stealing is bad
Not when it's from hard-working employee's paychecks so you can give it to freeloaders living off welfare who never have to worry about work in their life
Josh had a good point, but seriously though, stealing whats the point! Ye know? I mean get a life. Cmon!
I also agree with Josh and I also have some experience in stealing:  1. a Michelangelo (Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles)  toy from kindergarten, which was returned eventually (cause I don't have it, last time I checked) 2. a toy from a friend when I was 7, which was returned the second I got home, don't remember what it was 3. a rare Dragon Ball Z sticker from Chipicao croissant from a girl that left it on the table leaving for break. Who does that? Never returned it cause it got put on the album. No, I did not complete the album 4. girlfriend's virginity, never returned it though 5. one set of 3 cardboard juices left on a mailbox, during a hot summer. I left 1 coin that I had with me  And yes, I was not convicted for those crimes, I still walk freely on the streets, searching for rare Dragon Ball Z / Naruto / Shaman King / Pokemon stickers from Chipicao croissant
Gus is the farthest from looking like a middle school student
Stealing is good
My favorite part is when they agree with Josh.
Stealing is bad
I only watched the entire video to see if anyone would disagree with Josh.
Honestly with the stament Josh put out, ima gonna have to say I agree with Josh.
What if in a hypothetical situation, stealing was good?
10 HOUR VERSION?
So they’re siblings aren’t they?
that ceiling is bad
moral of the story: *stealing is good*
Why does this go on for 6 minutes
This sucked.  Also, I don’t think about much of anything from middle school.  Literally the most forgettable phase of my life.
Stealing is bad
I watched the whole thing yesterday and today in one of my classes some guy goes "I think 'no cheating' is a bad rule" as we were going over rules and protocols, and I think I entered some sort of deja Vu paradox for a second
Gus' sister is pretty cute
Yknow, I’m starting to think that steal is wrong
going off what josh said, stealing is bad
Nah, stealing gud
At times I heard "the ceiling is bad"
God josh changed my life
Josh says to subscribe to Gus Johnson
Who else watched the entire video⬇⬇
How to make someone become a thief 101
*sends to every English teacher ive had*
Can we discuss how fucking annoying it used to be when the person that went right before you had the same idea and then you had to say one of these lame ass answers? It makes you feel like everyone’s just judging you for not being unique
I can't believe Gus just stole 6:38 minutes of my life by telling me stealing was bad
This is like when the left brings up racism
You know i think               Stealing is bad
This was garbage.
six minutes of i agree with josh
Personally I think stealing is good because we wouldn’t have rap music if it wasn’t for stealing
If i’m being completely honest guys i think Josh really hit the nail on the head with this one, i agree stealing is pretty bad.
He did have a good point
I disagree with Josh
Josh is bad, i totally agree with stealing.
Participation is 30% of your grade. Also I’m josh
This is just Gus and his friends showing off their clothes collection
A better teacher would say: is there any situation where stealing is justified? I get the joke, and it's fairly on-point, but it's still just depressing
How kids in this class room?
Yeah I think that josh is right I mean like he said it well
I agree with josh
where did that oj shirt come from
Ya basically
stealing is good
yeah I also want to say that stealing is bad I agree with you Josh
Idk if this is what Josh said but I think stealing is not ok
Thanks to everyone for supporting my argument of stealing being bad!
Bro we would have like argument s
Honestly this video is funny but forgetting about that I just have to agree with what Josh said he was just right in every way stealing is definitely bad and I think a lot of people dont give enough credit to Josh for that
Now days its on zoom calls
?
VOTE FOR PEDRO
Josh feeling pretty dumb proud right about now
I think Josh is right, stealing is bad.
The girl is unfunny
Yo how many kids are in this class and why are there so many quadruplets
Wait, is this just a huge family? They all look so alike.
Im 2 mins in, is this just gonna continue?  Yes
He clearly likes it!
I ate corn today🌽
5:35 Wearing a neon green shirt backwards is a pretty accurate representation of middle school boys.
Why is this so true in my 5th grade class.
I was so excited when i saw the video was almost 7 minutes long, about a minute in i was very disappointing
Guys guys this is breaking news but     Stealing is wrong
“I think that Josh said it really well when...” ~ Ahh, a fellow intellectual.
thanks for agreeing guys let's continue to not steal
Whose Josh?
this is too long and not very funny
Where's the kid that disagrees with everyone? Oh, that's an English thing...
I solemnly swear that I agree with Josh that Stealing is Bad Behaviour for any person.
18 on trending rn? Woah
this is a very midwestern video
Seems like there are too many students in that classroom during this pandemic
Stealing is bad, josh stole my answer so that means josh is bad
I agree with Josh
I can’t believe I just sat down and  watched this entire thing
unrealistic theres always the edgy kid that likes ww2 and says stealing is good
I have to agree with josh stealing is bad
Yeah agree with Josh too
i just watched 6 minutes of this gold and id gladly watch 6 million more :)
how many of you are there
i disagree with josh, *if its a chain, its free reign*
Six minutes of agreeing with Josh
how did i watch this all the way through?
Totally agree with stealing, Josh is bad
Did I just really watch the entire 6 minutes of this....       *YES*
Let me get this straight, Josh said that stealing is bad?
This isnt just middle school, I've had a few seminar seshes in uni that were exactly like this too lol
Socratic seminars in a nutshell
I'm in high school and discussions still kinda go like this.
Their stealing each other's point of view
josh: stealing is bad everyone in the class: he spittin
I cant tell if the joke goes on for too long or if its supposed to go on for so long  because of the type of joke it is
Stealing: exists    Everyone: peace was never an option
Gus: doesn’t make a 25 second video     Me: *wait that’s illegal*
new drinking game, drink when someone says 'bad'
How corporate "open meetings" go
i agree with josh and if anyone disagrees they should burn  in hell
And then there's that one person who says ,"Just to play devils advocate, I'm gonna say that stealing is good. I totally agree with Josh though."
Why is it 6 minutes
Great content and all but, is your brother single?
People who do this are pretty much saying: “HEY! I THOUGHT OF THAT ASWELL!”
Screw you gus, for making this 6 minutes longer then it needed to be you beautiful bastared
I'm gonna have to disagree with Josh Stealing is only bad if you get caught 😎😎😎
Holy shit how many outfits did you all bring to shoot this?
Welp I just wasted 6 minutes and 38 seconds of my life
How many people are in this freaking class????
This is just Gus flexing his massive wardrobe and I feel threatened
Stealing levels are at an all time low now
josh :thumbsup:
Now I think we can confirm that stealing is bad.
i have a different opinion than josh, stealing is VERY bad
Bro this video kinda reminds me of the video I made except it's about Gender Equality
This is accurate
I think what we’ve learned from this discussion is stealing is bad.
6 minutes and 38 seconds just to say that middle schoolers don't have an Original thought in their body
Why did I watch this full thing
thanks for agreeing with me guys
Hot-take: I have to agree with Josh here and say that stealing is wrong. Sorry for whoever is offended or uncomfortable with my answer.
Stealing is good
*I'm gonna have to agree with Josh on this one.*
What the hell did I just watch   But I also agree with Josh
I just wanna say, I agree with Josh.
As a middle schooler, this is on point
Is... is this literally the whole video?...  I graduated high school purely to get away from this...  I’m so mad but I’m laughing...
I also agree with Josh
Ok
What a well spent waste of time.
now do high school discussions  its the same thing really except everyone tries to sound smart and theres maybe one more viewpoint in the mix
me in the discussion boards when the professor requires us to respond to 2 people
Church youth groups be like
This was tiring
the vote for pedro shirt omg -_- All boys in middle school either constantly imitated napoleon dynamite or jim carrey
I disagree with Josh. I think sometimes stealing can be justified and is not bad by default. I think the poor could steal from the well off and it could be justified. Like robin hood or other cases.
2:02 - can we all take a moment to appreciate the quality sound design of having the sound of the broken pencil landing on the floor as a continuity occurring on the next frame? Choice moves.
Dang gum it! Waited that WHOLE skit for the One guy that disagrees to hear his point and then he follows the crowd.
I hate the name Josh now
I’ll have to agree with josh stealing is really really bad
Everyone: Stealing is wrong  Also everyone: Stealing Joshs answer
why did i listen to this before class
Yeah, I think Josh really makes a great point and I also think stealing is bad
Just to go off of what Josh said, I'd say stealing is bad. Ohh, and wrong.
I watched this for 6 minutes and now feel the urge to steal something... and also I hate josh.
Wait, Josh, did Gus go to an actual Middle to do this?
They really leaned into this for six minutes, didn't they ... ?
i want that “drink apple juice ‘cause OJ will kill you” shirt
Are we gonna ignore how accurate EVERY word and character here is?
When your boss asks everyone in the Zoom call their opinion
I shall say that I agree with Joshua's opinion that the Act of taking someone else's property without the owner's consent is morally and legaly wrong
you forgot the kid stretching their arms obnoxiously and the teacher picks on them
34 fucking people agreed with josh, some shared the same shirt, some stealed the teacher's shirt so its a whole classroom of 34 people being hypocrites. (also I would have to agree with josh in the stealing is bad thing)
This was the longest 6 minutes of today.
stealing is good, actually
This felt weird...  My name is josh
I was three minutes in thinking: there is no way this discussion would go on for so long without someone "just playing Devil's advocate".
I love this guy, but I've been posting content on YouTube since 1997 and never got these many views lol
I’m in middle school this is true it’s quite stupid 😂
If someone watched this whole video without skipping u don't have a fcking life
Why did i watch the whole video
3:12 LOL
"i think that someone who tinks it's OK to steal.. doesn't make mucht sense to me"......i'm like:ofcourse he makes cents...alot of them actually and he probably will take them out of your pocket ;)  make sense,take cents dude....
why did I watch this entire video
are they even all in the same room?
Fun fact stealing is bad
Do one for college where everyone tries to one up each other
Everyone: stealing is bad  Everyone in these comments: stealing each others comments
everyone in this class is a simp for josh
You forgot the "Devil's advocate"
I think stealing is bad
My first thought was like "wait, how is this going to possibly continue for 6 minutes...and then I just continued laughing. 5/7 Stealing is spot on terrible Josh rocks. #IagreewithJosh
How many fukin students are there?
Forgot the 40 seconds of awkward silence before Josh bestowed his answer
This was so stupid what happened to the funny sketches you used to make?
Female Gus, and blonde Sven????
Forget middle school this is college kids trying to meet the minimum word count on a discussion forum 😅
That fully unbuttoned Hawaiian shirt is definitely against the dress code
I can't believe this is over six minutes.
God, I hated middle school. Now that I'm in high school I can come out and say that I, personally, think stealing is good.
Who's that ginger girl, is she Gus' sister
The only thing I’ve learned is that Josh is pretty agreeable
This was funnier bc my name is Josh
I agree with josh the ceiling is bad.
someone should have stolen at least 4 minutes off this video...
Stealing is good, steal from the rich tho not the poor... like steal from Gus Johnson and his 6 minute videos
This is also in High School
i agree
They forgot about the kid who doesn’t know how to finish a sentence and rambles for three minutes
I counted and there are 36 students in a middle school class kinda seems like this is just a skit
Josh is right.
Can we all just agree with Josh?
Josh is right
Umm guys
I can’t believe I watched the whole thing
How many kids are in this class
I’m really happy I stayed to the end of this discussion. It was thought-provoking, engaging, and I agree with josh.
I also agree with Josh
Had to go back to see if Josh said that stealing is bad or wrong
Nope. We had varied opinions and were very eager to establish them somehow.
I'm going to have to go ahead and say the words I am thinking which are that and as follows....    I agree with Josh. Stealing is bad.
Lol I agree
Super accurate classroom size as well.
True dat
tfw u literally don't agree with josh
Comments: Stealing is bad. Me: I agree with the previous comment......and also Josh.
How about the “I respectfully disagree”
4 minutes too long but i agree with josh
I can't believe I watched all the vid
The whole family even hanne! This is amazing
Gus just stole 6 minutes of my life.
Masters of bullshit. Still extremely useful in highschool
glas Josh also agrees with Josh
How times have changed, ask anybody fifty years ago their opinion, most would not agree with Josh, but nowadays, Josh's controversial opinion is in fact, the majority's opinion. Not saying I disagree, Josh truly has a point here that I, fully, support.
Me on canvas
1:27 Why is Thor just straight up Napoleon Dynamite
I gave a thumbs down.
Bro im in middle school and this is so true but with more lag spikes
They always give you a topic like “should we kill babies?” And then they get mad when everyone has the same answer so they force someone to be on the opposite side
I can’t believe I watched the hole video
My name is stealing and i can confirm that i am indeed bad ;)
lot of middle schoolers with mustaches
😵
This is why we have to increase funding to our schools, these class sizes are way too big!
lmao high school was like that too
He even wears a jean jacket, just like a josh would!
Next: college liberal arts class discussion
Nobody this friendly in middle school lmao
There are so many kids in this class
I got the same "GET ME OUT" feeling from this video as I had in middle school. Great video.
I fell like Josh is right.
I watched this not knowing how long it was thinking it would end any second little did I know five minutes later I would still be here and then talk about joshes answer
FFS almost the same as my school
This is one of those skits that could have been under a minute, classic Gus style
"Ceiling is bad"
I was about to see how much was left and there is 6 minutes of stealing is bad.
I also agree with josh
I hope this isn't your commentary on BLM protests...
dont you guys think, the blond guy wears a dissguise, a pretty good disguise though...
Best 6 minutes and 38 seconds of my life
i dont know... in any class i was at, people had oppinions...
Just here for the t shirts
I feel stealing is wrong
college too lowkey
kinda banking off what josh said, i don’t believe stealing good
Omg it goes on for 6 and a half minutes
1:31 Thor looks exactly like Napoleon Dynamite here, ESPECIALLY with the Vote For Pedro shirt.
lmao this was all correct until the "devil's advocate" changed his mind
Is that what Alabama classrooms look?
that oj shirt is fire
oh to be josh
Yo imma steal from Josh here, and say that stealing is just not good.
i hate that i sat through this whole thing and actually enjoyed it
"Middle school"  I see this happen in college all the time lol
High*
They keep stealing my opinion that stealing is bad this is confusing
I agree with Josh too
I heard Josh's dad works at Nintendo
stealing is wrong mkay
You forgot about the Devils Advocate in the corner of the room
this bit stole my 6 mins.
Can I steal your video please ?
Gotta get them participation points.
Gus Literally just uploaded a video to see how long his viewers would put up with the same statement over and over again
josh has been on a hotstreak lately
This was the longest 6:38 ever
how is this 6 minutes long XD
let's be honest, you didn't watch the whole video
this video makes me feel smart
This is an excellent resource of English phrases for expressing agreement. Great educational content! Thanks Gus!
I just wanna say that i also agree with josh that stealing is bad
you also forgot the kid who answers the question while doing a chair wheelie and then he falls over to get a laugh from the class
I think stealing is bad EXCEPT WHEN IT IS FROM THE BOURGEOISIE IN WHICH CASE ITS SHOULD BE ENCOURAGED!!!!
Guys personally i think Josh is right but that's just me haha
Okay... The blonde hair guy has some great t shirts... Just saying
this remembered me when i was practicing for the speaking part of my fce exam
why
lovely
Can't believe I watched 6 and a half minutes of this
There was once a "conversation" like that about borders between countries so I just raised my hand and out of sheer boredom just said, "I think trump's border wall idea should definitely be implemented and it is a very good idea." That was a lot of stupid fun.   6:10 literally happened     I agree with gus, you should follow him on twitter.  (Sorry to bring politics into this).
I would love to piggyback on Josh’s answer and would contribute to his opinion in which he said that the action of taking and or borrowing something without proper permission and currency does in fact go against my personal values and would like to say that it is bad
Where is the jumpscare
no way there is six minutes of this
Plot twist: they are all stealing josh’s answer
Also college discussion boards LOL
3:31. I have that shirt😂
How can their answers be so repetitive yet so varied.
God agrees with Josh too
Stealing is bad.
Yeah I would like to state that I do infact agree with josh on this one
This video is 6:38 long, but it feels like eternity
I was waiting for someone to say stealing is okay
I watched this
Me: No way this whole video is going to be about Josh.  Me after 6 minutes and 38 seconds: I was wrong.
This is impressively accurate and redundant 10/10 very nice work boys
My favourite part is when they said "stealing is bad"
How the hell did you guys get napoleon dynamite in this?
Who else name is josh. I can’t be the only one
This video, in theory would be terrible to watch the entirety of, yet I just can’t click away.
Next merch drop - "Stealing is Bad" designs... which will then be stolen by Redbubble
I can't believe this was only 6 minutes. I feel like I've been stuck in a loop for years.
I love your moustache style... Stile... Styl? (I actually don't know how to write it)
i love thor and i love how he just looks like sven in a wig
Tfw you leave the zoom call after being Josh for a whole class and Gus Johnson uploads a video about exactly what just happened
How is this video 7 minutes
in my point of view, stealing is wrong, so i agree with Josh
Marks Pizzaria Meme dreams edition https://youtu.be/c850OMS3mP8
Narrative of Self is the result of a feedback loop between “Separate Self” & Cosmos✌️Non-Duality
oh man oh god oh man oh god
only get 10 minutes for my break, glad i used 6 of them for this
I can’t believe I watch 6 minutes of that
This is also every bible study
As a guy named Josh, this is indeed how all my class discussions went.
I feel like Gus just tried to see how long he could make the same joke go on for.
Title should be: When your grade is based off of participation
This skit the joke was over run, so personally not a big fan of this one and I hope nobody steals Gus' idea from this video
I wanna steal half of these t-shirts
How many kids are in this class
After all that, I’m going to have to say stealing is           GOOD
They didn't really steal from Josh. They gave credit to Josh which means not stealing or plagiarism. At least that's how it works in my schools.
Jesus christ 34 kids in a middle school classroom? That's too many to handle.
I can’t believe I watched this whole video
This premise also applies to online discussion boards at university
It feels like I'm there
Legend says that the class never ended   spoooookkyy lmao
This was 6 minutes long but it felt like a full lesson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jGS_jVUXtKw&feature=youtu.be
Actually I’m going to go against the crowd and say I believe stealing is incorrect.
and this is where our taxpayer dollars go hahaha
This is 6 minutes of the same thing and I love the commitment😂😂
I'm not from USA so I can't say I relate but I agree with what Josh said, and like this video.
I'm only 2 minutes in and I'm losing my sanity
Wow this went on for way longer than it should have
I can't believe I watched this whole video.
Stealing is bad because she stole my heart
and that's how Josh became the most popular kid in class
so... stealing is good?
Dude there’s always the one kid who somehow changes the topic to communism
Just watched 6 minutes of like 100 people saying stealing is bad
I like Josh's jacket.
4:03 I think Gus is trying to communicate with our manager.
1:30: theres no way this is the whole video right 5:30: huh. i never considered that perspective
Yeah stealing is bad
Can't believe this is on trending Can't believe I watched the whole video  Can't believe they changed their t-shirts so many times
the true irony of it all is that they think stealing is wrong, yet they stole Josh's answer.... Discuss.
i think stealing is okay sometimes
6:06 the resemblance between you and Shayne is uncanny
Sabrina was perfect in this one, easily emulating the ones I’ve heard the most
I feel this wouldve been even more accurate if no body else talked besides Josh
Maaaaan
My name is Josh so I have to agree with the other Josh
Damn I’m really going to have to give it to josh on this one.
poor teach
Stealing is bad
“Just to piggy back off what Josh said I agree with his statement.”
Guys I really want to join the discussion and as unpopular as this opinion this is. I agree with Josh on this one Stealing is pretty bad. He really was spot on with this one.
Watch at 2x speed for sure
Josh Gunson.
Just watched almost 7 minutes of 4 people saying the same thing repeatedly. Time well spent
Alright stealing  remember kids if it’s a corporation it’s free range it’s his family owned leave it alone :)
To piggy off of what everyone in the comments is saying ,follow me on twitter @gusbuckets and I agree with josh
Minnesotans + Wisconsinites = Heaven & or Hell. It’s awesome Gus that you are from here!
Holy crap the fact Gus can make me sit through six minutes of people agreeing with Josh says something. funny man mr. dan
6 minutes of my life...gone  would do it again
Sven's Twins Jacket is fire
now u have to do a highschool AP class where everyone has the same answer but they all want to make it sound better than the person before them lol
I know Josh might be a bit of a tool sometimes, but I'm gonna agree with him on this, stealing is kinda messed up, so yeah... I'm batting in Josh's court.
How does someone get 6:30 minutes of content from “stealing is bad, I agree with josh” and it still be good
this sketch only needed to be 30 seconds but no gus brought us the full experience of seeing the entire discussion in all it's glorious hell
i think i just accidentally watched the whole video expecting something to happen
Legit I agree with josh the whole video
They all stole Josh's opinion.
Feel like this also applies really well to college class discussion boards.
i was definitely not josh in middle school
Josh is right
How many students are in this class?
So, stealing is bad?
6 MINUTES OF THIS?!?!?! AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH
SIX MINUTES
You forgot the one kid who has a different opinion and the teacher proceeds to mock them for the next hour
I was waiting for someone to disagree
Damn I thought they were gonna pile on the last guy and ridicule him for not agreeing with Josh.
Real trending hours
When your teacher says that you’re graded on participation
I too agree with josh
Watching this video being named Josh is a super surreal experience
I think the funniest part is that they keep referring to josh saying, "stealing is bad", but josh really said "stealing is wrong".
What the
For some reason this sketch reminds me of Gus's "i made all the bad video ideas people gave me" video.
This video goes by a lot quicker on 2nd viewing..
why are you in a school? what is going on over there?
Can't believe I watched it thru
There’s 6 minutes I’m never gonna get back
Okay but this is also what freshmen discussion sections are like.
This doesn't stop in middle school
Wow.what a waste of 6 minutes. I loved it.
What about the kid that took a philosophy class who then starts asking “what IS stealing? How can we declare such a broad statement if we dont have a unified understanding of what we mean by “stealing?” One persons definition could vary from one person to another which may make us argue statements which are true from one persons definition but are false from another persons definition.”
moral of the story, stealing is bad
How big is this class wtf
I hate and love this so much. And yes I watched the whole thing.
When you need to participation marks but have nothing to contribute
this happened to me in class yesterday, my recommended is a bit too accurate.
Alternate title: When the cool kid gets an answer right
This is the most boring, but at the same time entertaining video i have ever seen
What?
damn i forgot about using one arm to prop up your other arm when you raise your hand in class
Can confirm
Wait there's a fourth Johnson kid???
The most accurate part of the video is how the teacher picks the students to answer.
I tuned out and then realized the same thing was happening
“Uh, I don’t like you.” 😂😂😂
Josh is a piece of crap.
I wonder what joshs views on stealing are
1:53 is graduate courses
Glad I skipped through it.
I kinda agree with Josh
you forgot the 10 minutes of silence in the beginning
What abkut the edgey guy who’s parents are getting divorced
It’s really upsetting to realize that the discussions in your COLLEGE courses sound like this too...
This man really made it the whole 6 and a half minute video
Do professors want to cause this sheep mentality or do they want a "discussion "
Josh is kind of an asshole, that being said I agree with Josh on this one.
I think stealing is wrong too
Josh stole the words right out of my mouth.
Agree to disagree Josh, stealing is wrong. So I’m gonna have to agree with Josh. I’m in 6th grade lol and I can entirely agree with his video!
I'm sorry gus but this was your least entertaining video in my opinion.
dabsters superscribed
He is just showing off his clothes
I have been watching for 4 minutes but it feels like an hour
Took me about 4 minutes of watching to figure out this is a "discussion in class" not a "class discussion" i.e. "middle class, upper"....... for some reason the discussion they had still made sense
Better than most stuff on Netflix
this school really needs to work on its diversity.
Thanks for giving me a way to get rid of 6 mins of my life for free
so fun to see hanne in a video!
With all due respect, and this is my opinion only. So I apologize in advance for anyone who feels offended by the opinion I'm about to speak. However, I believe that Josh is correct. I agree with Josh because yeah, stealing is bad. Like yeah, it's bad so I agree with Josh.  Edit: I'm just saying this because I agree with Josh and what he said sounds right.
So TRUE
in my class there were people with reasonable opinions, relentless devils-advocates, half-listening overenthusiastic people who go way overboard in support of the reasonable opinion, and quiet kids. also they would split the opinions into four corners of the room and make us stand the whole time
Lmaooooooo omg
This is so right once one person says something it all falls down like Domino's
Wow Gus, really? You drag your last video out to the point its unwatchable and *stealing* peoples precious time, but now when something truly eye opening and controversial comes up you get in and get out as soon as possible? Disgusting.   I must say though, Josh stole the words right out of my mouth. Stealing is wrong.   wait...
I was expecting Sabrina to come in and talk about complex ethical dilemmas and then nobody sits next to her during lunch
stealing is sometimes good i take the Italian bread  *c r u m u n c h*
This gave me constipation
i was here at 99k likes  ._. ur welcome for useless info
I think someone said that already, but I think stealing is bad
It's kind of amazing how many people are in that class but everyone has plenty of room.
STealIng is pRetty FanTASTIC IF YOU'RE SICK AND DEPRAVED so I get it, Josh. You are my hero.
I really spent six minutes of my life watching adults say stealing is bad huh
the fact that we all watched the full six and a half minutes
You forgot the one kid who just looked up the definition and just repeated it word for word.
Are you just tryna show us how many shirts in your closet?
*me in my college philosophy class 😂
We need a 10 hour version
no youre wrong they were louder and everyone was mad always
Who the hell is josh?
You forgot the guy who says “just to play devil’s advocate”
Basically U.K. parliament
Why are the two brothers literally looking like each other when the other doesnt but the sister does but not exactly as the other two like what
How many pupils are there in this classroom?!     *Also, I agree with Josh.*
What about that one kid, that just disagrees for attention
Not enough laughing and banter noises from the back of the class
Wow this was horrible ... I liked it.
but that is exactly what teachers explicitely told us to do.
How big is this 6th grade class jesus christ
Dude I forgot how many quick costume changes went down in middle school
Josh must have become REALLY popular after this class
This is also every grad school online discussion board.
The fact that this is the video you decided to make longer than a minute and a half and the fact that I watched it in full is ridiculous
DisGUSsions☺️
Perfect
Gus is the only person that could make this video and have me watch to the end
Hello Peeps!
It’s true.....I’m right
00:22 WAIT THATS NOT SVEN IN A WIG ??
Can someone give me back my 6min of life time? XD
This is a pretty big class
Can we get a 10 hour version of this?
This feels longer then 6 minutes
I was always the one keeping it short and sweet to not get anyone mad haha Thanks for the upload!   https://gf.me/u/yw2gcm  Would mean the world if people would look into this page and share or make any type of donation. Your kindness would be greatly appreciated! God Bless all of you thru these hard times. Much love and care! 🙏✌💪💫💐🏅😰
U only steal things from ppl that stole from u. Well u steal what was urs in the firs t place. Basically u scam a scammer.
Look at all the shirts the Johnson's own.
You really over played this joke. Like far too much
have a feeling this was filmed in the local church rec room
Just watch the vid on 2x speed...
https://youtu.be/Gu6vybQXIZg
Jesus
Everyone: Stealing is wrong Also everyone: Stealing Joshs answer Everyone in the comment section: STEALING THE SAME COMMENT Me: Stealing this comment
Should a went ten minutes
Don’t forget that one kid that was like, “lemme play devils advocate for a sec.”
Y'all stole Josh's opinion
This is exactly like my school, jesus fucking christ.
This video feels longer than it is
I can see the pain in teacher Gus’ face and it pains me
He forgot the kid who raises his hand then forgets his answer
"Thou shalt agree with Josh" -God in the book "The Bible"
For high school and college, just add the one person who says "just to play devils advocate"
I didn’t know I was that cool
This video is almost as bad as stealing
I had to take so many breaks to watch this video, but it's finally done!
I can’t help but mention that I also agree with Josh. I think stealing is bad.
I understand the joke but wheres the kid who always plays devils advocate
Gus "stealing is bad" random person "thats what i was gonna say" Other random person "that a video"
This video is just as long and painful as it actually was in middle school
This goes on for 6 minutes.
Josh is smart
I just wanna say joshs has a good point about how bad stealing is. I just really really Think that stealing is bad.... yea thanks for bringing that up josh.
Are we just gonna ignore the fact that there seems to be over 90 children in Gus's classroom?      or..
Well, stealing could be good sometimes. For example, when you steal secret messages from someone and can prevent a tragedy because of it. Like the enigma code or suicide notes. I'm sure there's plenty of other examples whet stealing is not that bad at all.
Most people who stole the opinion of Josh gave credit to him though
34 kids to 1 teacher? Classroom sizes are out of control
This is just an excuse for you guys to change shirts a lot
Wtf they just stole josh's answer
I too agree with Josh. "Albert Einstein"
I just wanted to go to the bathr-- You need to answer the question first
I appreciate how many times you all changed shirts
Dude
I got 2 minutes in and I was like why would I not be surprised if it was just students agreeing with Josh but saying it in different ways for 4 more minutes...  Edit: Well I watched the other 4 minutes and I can't really say I didn't see that one coming.
the technicolor crosses at 3:43 :D They must have shot this at sunday school
josh is the least controversial political person ever
The ceiling is bad
This video felt like an hour
As a middle schooler I can confirm this is how all discussions go
Really need to reduce classroom sizes in the US.
after 4 mins i thought 20 mins passed i don t even know if this sounds right or not where am i
Why is the ceiling bad?
as a guy who just entered 9th grade i can say this is 100% true
The other version can just be  "Alright its open for discussion"    complete silence
Its more like this 6 FEET a n d WHAT I CANT HERE YOU
This is just a flex to show off how many shirts they have.
Why did I watch this thinking something else was going to happen lmao
This is painfully bad. I never thought I'd say that about a Gus Johnson video
Using the other hand over the head to support the raised hand was a little to real.
omg! Hani's first speaking role??
I can't believe I'm watching the whole thing.
I personally agree with Gus on this video. Hit the nail right no the head.
Who was it at 2:12 that didn't get to discuss???
So kinda playin off of what Josh said in this video, stealing... Pretty not okay, and maybe even a little bad.. Yea..
Just gotta say, Josh brought up some pretty good points, but I'm gonna have to disagree, borrowing without permission and never giving it back is awful.
Josh do be speakin facts tho
Don't forget the kid that gets the teachers opinion, who then tells a life story for the rest of the lesson.
Stealing is bad
"i..don't like you." 😂
Thor's shirt 3:03 goes off
Gus this video was 5 minutes longer than it needed to be... But I agree with Josh also.
We stand with Josh  - Anti stealing faction , Gus’ Middle School
To add another boxcar of logic onto Josh's train of thought, I think stealing is bad.
I hate that this is far too accurate
best 6 minutes of my life
Middle school?  This is college.
I literally only saw the guy wearing the schrute farms beets shirt
The real question is why did the teacher steal all these children
This feels like a fever-dream.
Gus Joshson
Where did thor get the oj shirt?? I want one
Wtf is this? Like legit 6 minutes of agreeing with josh? Why?
If you mix around the letters in Gus Johnson you get Josh gun son.
This is a lot of workplaces too
What are you talking about Middle School this is just Undergrad Gen Eds
Now it's just "write in the discussion board and respond to at least 2 classmates"
The teenager with the forest of chest hair.. is pretty stinkin bad
Someone make a 10 hour version of this.
Guys I personely think that josh whas right
Did I just wat h 6 minutes of people saying “I agree with josh”?   Yes     Yes I did
I love how accurate the lack of justification in their answers is.
This is the longest Gus Johnson sketch I've ever seen
Video starts at 6:03
Okay Comment Section, today we’re gonna have a discussion about murder. Who wants to go first?
Not to play devils advocate or anything, but I agree with josh
Lmao this is like every regulars class. The advanced classes get into full on heated debates even if a subject is very obviously good/bad
I really just watched this for 6 minutes and 38 seconds
This video felt an hour long
How class discussions went in high school and college too. Hot damn and the amount of times I’ve heard “piggybacking off of that” in staff meetings - but i do agree with josh
Loving the thing a majigs shirt
I kinda agree with josh, about how stealing is wrong
I also agree with josh
I'm in middle school, and I agree with this
Middle school? This is my high school AP class discussions
I wish someone would have just said I stole all the stuff I’m wearing
Where is the director's cut on this one?
Stealing is bad
Josh the Chad
I couldn't stop thinking about how long Gus had to stand in a teacher's outfit and say "yep." "good." "go ahead." with a camera pointed at him
No one hating on this because anyone’s who’s watched the whole thing can’t down play the genius
This is concerning
Yeah im with Josh on this one, stealing is not something great
Did I really just watch 6 minutes of people telling me that stealing is bad?
This video is pretty funny, but  think you point a huge issue in our society and I would like to know your opinion because personally I think that stealing is not something that you owuld do if you were good, a bit like what your Josh Character said. But I would like to hear other people opinions ont it.
You forgot the kid who disagrees just because he wants to be different
This conversation would have been more in-depth had Josh not stolen everyone’s ideas
This is so true ppl always repeat each other it’s kinda annoying cause for ex my social study’s class whenever most of the smart kids answer other kids start saying the same thing and get extra credit
I'm glad everyone agrees with me.
shoutout Josh
Yo sven got so buff
I was always that one kid in middle school that agreed with Josh
Absolutely love this fella
GUS WENT BACK TO SCHOOL
lotta good points being made here
Did I just watch 6 minutes of 4 people acting like middle schoolers saying that stealing is bad????                 Yes............... no regrets
Omg Sven at 4:29 that’s the funniest Schmitt I’ve ever seen! 😂😂
Why did I watch this twice?
And then everyone gets an A but you get a C because the teacher hates you
why do I feel like they just wanted to show off some of their cool tshirts?
Well I guess its unanimous
Very funny video, but I don’t like the message that stealing is bad, because I think stealing is good
Anyone here that DISAGREES with josh?
Sorry to the whole Johnson gang, but Sven stole the show lmaoooo
The chick has Gus' facial expressions and the guy wearing the "Vote for Pedro" has Jon Heder's.
I am going into my last year of middle school and it sucks so much and I can't wait for it to be over
I'm supposed to study for my test tomorrow, but no I had to see this middle school discussion for 6 minutes and 38 seconds.
Why did I watch this whole thing
he is just flexing his huge number of shirts
I really was like wow this is funny. Can’t wait for the other bits that will happen in the next 5 and a half minutes. Then found out it would be the same bit. For 5 and a half minutes. Also how many kids are in this damn class? Anyway I’m gonna piggyback off what josh said and say it was very funny this was a good one. It was cool to see Honnie in a meme
How big was the costume budget for this?
i feel like i just went insane
I can't believe I watched it till the end.
Video: "Stealing is wrong" Everybody in the comments: _hippity hoppity this comment's my property_
I gotta agree with Josh’s statement that stealing is in fact bad, guys.
I agree with Josh
How does this go on for 6 minutes😂
The real scenario would be....       SILENCE
“Josh stole what I was about to say!”
It's like being in my class
This vid feels like one of these "10 hours of" videos
Wow a 6 min vid about stealing even on YouTube I can't get away for google classroom
Any truers in class?
Stoopid
I wana see the numbers on how many people watched for how long.
Who even watched the whole video
I love how this goes on for 6 minutes
I agree with Josh.
bold of you to assume it ended in middle school
As a middle schooler, this fucking 100% accurate
This is totally wrong. Nobody would be raising their hands. It would be a bloodbath to see who actually gets called on.
Middle school? This shit happens in those intro pre-req classes you're forced to take to check the box.
This joke is about 5 times longer than it should be. Got tired of it after a minute
Josh “That popular kid”
I can't believe I watched this whole thing.
This can be wrong , but i think i agree with josh too , good piont josh
How many kids are in this class?
yeah josh !😆👉
This is how my high school discussions go :)
josh- stilling is bad.  averyone- i agree with josh josh- pulls out a gun
The class size is accurate... Typically not clones though.
"ok josh, but if stealing is bad, why did you steal my heart?"
I think there is good people on both sides.
Forgot the one guy who brings up moral ambiguity with an example, and then the rest of the class turns on him like a shark attack. Even going so far as to name call and shout over him
1000 level college discussion boards be like
I’m sitting in class cackling about people saying “I agree with Josh”. What has my life come to.
i wached this wholle  video and i lave avery second of it
Maybe this is is why people didn't like me in school. I'd be the fucking kid to ask "what are they stealing and why? Who are they stealing from? Are they stealing cars from driveways or are they stealing food from walmart to feed their family? I think these are all important moral factors." While technically valid, I don't think teachers or students usually appreciated my over-analysis.
I ordered spyro 4 on ebay and never got it. Stealing IS bad!!!
I have to work but I don't have time. Also me "watches a video of people agreeing with Josh for 6 minutes"
You forgot the "Let's hear from someone who hasn't talked yet."
Gustopher, I love you man, your videos are great, but this one....dude you just shaggy dog joked your whole audience
I think that what Josh said has merit, but has he considered that stealing isn’t cool?
OMG he just stretched this out for more than 6 minutes XD
*stealing is bad*
Ooff
Song used at 6:11?
Wait so what was the general consensus again?
So how many student in the class?
Goddamn that Josh. I mean such genius & intellectual for basically saying the most retarded basic answer on a question. It's nice to see in a sketch what literally happened everyday at my school basically. Everyone not wanting to get a personality of their own & stay safe with the group. I mean, every time someone would say something different (like me for example.....just saying), the entire school would crucify that person in the football field in the back of the school for everyone to come see the show & OH!! bring popcorn & chips guys.
im in an online class rn and they asked what superpower you want i said shape shifting and now everyone is just like "yea like what alex said shapeshifting"
I think josh is right guys i dont know
I know this may be an unpopular opinion, but I think stealing is also bad.
this is exactly how class discussions go in undergrad as well, ESPECIALLY blackboard discussions.
I agree with josh, and I also wanna add that stealing is bad and if you steal you are stealing and it's bad
You just watched 6 minutes of someome saying stealing was bad, you got played
Josh is just great
ITS THE WHOLE JOHNSON CLAN!
SHRUTE FARMS BEETS
how tf do you look 20 and 40 at the same time? 😂
This is the most frustrating video My heart is beating so fast
Idk why I watched this whole video
hey gus, does your sister listen to girl in red? 😶💛
By what standard Josh?
Stealing  B A D
There’s 141 kids in this class.
6 min of all agreeing with josh
Wait why does the girl have Gus's face?
Playback speed 1.75 holy fuck too accurate
These children should never go to group therapy
Half of them just stole a chewing gum on the way to school this morning but ok.
i agree with jorsh tbh, he is kinda right
how many students are in this class?
I disagree with Josh good and evil are concepts like time
Idk I’m with Josh on this one
This video has taken 9 years off my life.
2:10 “Ceiling is bad” Floor gang ough
To elaborate on Josh's answer, I believe that stealing is a heinous act that shall not be done by anyone and I share his view, as anyone else shall in order to live in an orderly environment where there is equal chance and ownership of objects possessed by every individual within a community.
Svens like a taller daniel thrasher
This has big "Canvas discussion post" energy
NOT A SINGLE "going off of what Josh said..." Smh
The teacher correcting the kid sitting on the backwards chair really ratcheted up the authenticity.
The wig that Sven is wearing with the red “Shrute Farms Beets”...why is that literally every middle school boys’ hair? It looked so accurate
"I dont like you" XD
I just realized they changed clothes
Woah I too also thought stealing was bad...cause it's not like...a good thing and it can hurt people...and That's BAD ...
This goes on for six minutes?
You turned a 30 second skit into a masterpiece. Thank you.
The funny Part is that it isnt just middle school where this happens im in my Last year of Highschool and People still just sit there and say ....‘s anwer was right/ i agree LMAO
i was thinking about different possible endings, but that was not one of them, good job!
Josh is a chump
I dont get it. I some how watched the whole video just because i wanted to see everyones answer. And Josh's answer was the best in my opinion.
middle school discussions? I’ve had discussions in college classes that go like this
You forgot the one silly kid who says stealing is good
Stealing is right.
I'm gonna have to agree with Josh.
You forgot the part where no one raises their hand
6 minutes of I agree with josh
I don't know guys I'm not too sold on this new Gus Johnson video
Just to play devils advocate here...
Who’s that chick at 3:00?! Pls tell me
I disagree with gus here, my middle school had plenty of edgy kids and smart kids with more nuance than they were supposed to have for any particular discussion.
the usual 00:40 wouldve worked too
3:12 .. i don`t like you 🤣
Gotta love gus. He turns a 30 second joke into a 6 minute video lol
Yeah I agree with Josh. Be like Josh. Say no to drugs...
It’s unbelievable that he got this to 6 mins isn’t it?
Did Gus make this video just to get a tax write-off for his new wardrobe?
they’re putting something in the food or water, cause I could have sworn some of these middle schoolers had mustaches and 5 ‘o’clock shadow, but I agree with Josh stealing is super not cool.
Yeah I kinda agree with Gus, that's the way how middle school discussions looks like
And I so love you
1:28 Is that a vote for Pedro shirt from Napoleon Dynamite?
Guys I agree with Josh that stealing is bad and is 100% wrong.
What big of a class is this? 😂
this is how class discussions go in college too
Imagine how many wardrobe changes they did for 6 second intervals of agreeing with Josh.
Im going to have to agree with josh.
You are the best idiot on the planet and maybe even the universe.😜😘
Lol I'm ALWAYS that one asshole who disagrees with the majority just to suck up to the teacher
But for me they always credited the wrong person
Who watched it for 6:38 minutes long straight for real no cap no lyin. . . . Like if you agree
“Stealing is bad” - Josh, September 2020
"drink apple juice 'cause OJ will kill you" - imma need that shirt asap
So everyone stole Josh's point, damn Josh was right "Stealing is bad"
I’m  currently ignoring my middle school zoom while watching your middle school discussion
i want the 6 minutes of my life back please
Looking for the obligatory, I love the part where he says I think stealing is bad
Why is this skit so long 😂😂
Man how did you get so many people
i was thinking about it and i think i agree with josh, stealing is bad
This helped me go to sleep, felt like I was back in highschool..😂😅
Stealing is bad
I have to agree with Josh, and say that stealing is wrong as well...
I agree with Josh, I think Josh was right when he said I've just wasted 6 and a half minutes of my life
I agree with josh
where is the kid screaming ''STEALING IS RIGHT'' the whole damn time.
This is my second day of middle school and It’s already accurate
Josh is cool, I heard his dad let him drive his camaro once.
"Turned out: sexual assault behind bars"   28:35 Gus Johnson cameo!
I am so dumb. Ten seconds in, I was like "Omg, Sven looks bomb with blond hair." Also, why are all Gus' siblings so good at this??
My favorite part is when they say "stealing is bad"
Is it bad tho?
I liked the part where they said "I think stealing is bad"
I love how he says subscribe for more garbage but these videos are masterpieces
Skit went on waaaaaaaaaay too long with no payout.
This classroom has 35 people in it, teacher included  36 people if you count the person who was speaking off screen at 4:40
*A 6 MINUTE VIDEO OF HOW ITS LIKE TO AGREE WITH JOSH*
A six and a half minute video of "yeah I agree with Josh" 😂
WHY IS THIS SO LONG AHHHH
I would have to agree with ummm... what Josh said, but uh like with my own twist on it he was right in saying that stealing is bad, and I would probably give my opinion that Josh was correct and I fully agree with him and he had a point in saying stealing is bad and that's something I agree with and I also think josh agrees too
Yeah I agree with josh
How many kids are in this class? #understaffed
Do we all agree that Josh is right?
I just gotta agree with josh I think he really just got it, you know?
Bro how many kids are in this class??
I mostly relate to the middle schooler in 4:40 with both his posture, his way of speaking and most importantly him thinking that ''stealing is bad tho'' I most strongly agree with and relate to him saying such a statement.
Enjoying the content, and I agree with Josh, but you could act like 80% of creators out there some more, and steal someone else’s content.
Gus Johnson looks like what Kurt Cobain would've looked like if he lived today
I know this is an unpopular opinion but, I agree with josh
Fair point. But I'm gonna have to Agree with Creed on this one.
How many students were there?
This was a clever ploy to show off your wardrobe Gus
What I actually enjoyed the most was the Gus deciding who should speak bits 😂
Josh  The Messiah
t h e y   a l l   h a v e   t h e   s a m e   t e e t h
I was waiting for Josh to come back and make a new point just for everyone to agree with him again
i agree with gus on this one, this is how most middle school discussions went
First a purple farve jersey now a twins warmup...gus are you a MN fan my dude? If so your welcome to come on over anytime.
Switching their clothes adds flavor to the sketch👌
This is the longest video i've ever experienced
I just watched a 6:38 minute video about 34 twins saying they agree with Josh
I agree with josh that stealing is bad.
Ya see, they aren't stealing Joshes answer because they MLA cited their references as Joshes statement👌👌👌
Why is this so relatable, I used to be josh all the time.
I'm going to ifunny after watching this video. Y'all want anything while I'm there?
no
Nice
Forgot the one student who's passed out and answers the question completely wrong
The best part of the video was when they Said stealing is bad
Ya I’m also going to agree with Gus that this is how middle school discussions were like
god how many kids r in this class
Pretty much agree with Gus I mean you go follow him at his Twitter
This happens half the time but the other half the time nobody will put up their hand and the whole class will be sitting in silence ignoring the teacher who might as well be talking to a brick wall :1
oh my god at first I was gonna say this wasn’t that funny and then I realized everyone’s just stealing Josh’s answer. I feel so dumb.
The how to use shotguns is your best video, the rest SUX BAWS....  just use that shotgun using video character in a reality life show then we talking
lol i thought I had the video on loop for a minute
"I agree with Josh. Stealing is bad."
Gotta b honest can’t remember who josh is
Damn that got the whole school here
Forgot to have 2 minutes of absolute silence from the class after a question was asked.
I liked this a lot. Definitely a good representation of the elementary school.
Plot twist they’re pranking the teacher with Alzheimer’s by changing shirts
I bet you felt like a real goose bringing 50 shirts into a school classroom
6 minutes of good yes
yeah no ~!!!~
I can't believe I watched the whole thing.
I wanna see the reel of teacher Gus pointing at students.  THE. WHOLE. THING.
Man I was really waiting for some one to burst in screaming “JUST TO PLAY DEVILS ADVOCATE”
Sooo umm i agree with josh, i personally am not a big fan of stealing.
I actually agree with Josh
I don't like how much I like this. Not cool, Josh Gunson
It takes a lot of guts to say this but I think stealing is bad
Stealing isn’t illegal getting caught stealing is
I WAS GONNA SAY WHAT HE SAID
This video Should Be Named "Gus gives his audience anxiety for 6 minutes straight."
Family Guys worsts parts times 20
Not gonna lie, this is me and my friends on our college discussions.
lmao
oh shit is that party boy corey worthington
The charatcter in 1:27 is from napoleon Dynamite
There's a face in the window behind Gus
The number of absolutely blessed T-shirt choices in the Johnson household: The Motion Picture
I was waiting for this one guy not agreeing with the whole class so everyone goes nuts on him. (You know, just like back then in school). At first I was not disappointed, but then I was disappointed.
Does Sven teach 7th grade on the side???? He really nailed those adolescent speech patterns. OMG I am obsessed
Glad I'm not the only one that skipped to the end
I love these video however i think they go on a little too long
6 minutes of the same dialogue in different outfits... Should get a Netflix series and holiday special
"I drink apple juice cause O J  W I L L K I L L Y O U"
Aladdin taught me that stealing can be okay. But I agree with Josh.
My stepdad stole my mom so-
Idk who that girl is, but I love her
i think i agree with Josh as well i think stealing is bad
I think gus knew everyone would be doing that in the comments section... stealing Gus' joke, nice.
absolutely nailed it ..... i hated discussions, always the same topics and everyone had the exact same opinion,.... duh !
I agree with Josh.  He was on point when he said stealing is bad.
Meanwhile the subtitles: Ceiling is bad
Somewhere along the way I started hearing ceiling
"stealing is bad" - josh
Hey guys remember when teachers thought it was a good idea to let a bunch of little kids who take on the opinions of their parents "discuss" things like if trans people would be allowed to go into their respective bathrooms
I liked the part when they said "I agree with Josh"
hehe disGussion
That was high school for me
Human, as social beings, has been interacting with each other since ancient times. This kind of interaction can be called as symbiosis, as humans count as biological beings [1]. From these interactions, there's one called theft. The act of thievery is when a human takes away the belonging or service of other human without the other's permission [2].  In conclusion, the act of theft can be said as a parasitic relationship as it deprives other human of their belongings.  Bibliography 1. "symbiosis." Dorland's Illustrated Medical Dictionary. Philadelphia: Elsevier Health Sciences, 2007. Credo Reference. Web. 17 September 2012  2. Criminal Law – Cases and Materials, 7th ed. 2012, Wolters Kluwer Law & Business; John Kaplan, Robert Weisberg, Guyora Binder, ISBN 978-1-4548-0698-1
Just gonna go ahead and second what Gus said, I think this is a very middleschoolesque discussion.
I expected "Josh" to say that his name was not Josh
This could even been college class discussion lmao
Long hair guy needs to burn all his shirts for us please and thank you
These 6 minutes felt like 6 years
More accurate title: "Discussions in a postgraduate women's study class"
its kinda similar to what oscar chavez said but i think gus really hit the nail on the head with this one
Yeah this applies to college too....
I got bored after like the first minute but I just couldn’t turn it off lol
No joke, my son had a class discussion about whether they were New York or Colorado (yeah I know weird question) he said Colorado cause hes not that busy. And EVERY SINGLE KID said "New York, kinda exactly what Steven said" and it made me think of this immediatly.
Josh: stealing is bad  Gus Johnson: steals the show for 6 minutes straight
Sven looks like Jack Harlow lol
What did I spend 6 and a half mins of my life watching
dang josh you killed it
yeah i'll have to agree with josh on this one
Two minutes in and this is looong
This is also how Youtube comment sections work (except with some random alt-right and troll comments sprinkled in, plus someone asking OP to watch their own video/listen to their soundcloud).
napoleon dynamite is that u?
1:30 minutes in its clear what the remaining 5 minutes will be of, yet I still watched the entire thing
Holy shit you look insanely similar to my 7th grade math teacher
Funny how this doesn't end into post secondary school.
4:02 for a minute I thought this was Gerard way
👁👄👁
This is what happened so often and I'd always try to actually discuss. It ended up being me debating with the two or three other really smart kids.
Wow. Reading the comments,  I  realized that a lot of the people here indulge in black and white thinking like a child. :(
Stealing? Discuss
This also applies to online college discussion board replies
This is too long.
It's ironic because everyone is stealing joshe's point
he makes a good point tho
does this go on for 6 min and 38 sec?    EDIT: it goes on for 6 min and 9 sec EDIT: Nvm he agrees with josh
So do they agree or disagree with Josh??  I still don't understand.
I just wasted 5:45 minutes of my life! 😁
Idk dude i think i agree with josh
Good job on capturing the feeling of wanting to chew your limbs off to escape your middle school class discussion.
I want to say that I agree with josh
He just casually said “no I don’t like you” just like all my teachers! Really nice acting, Gubby
If I hear the word josh again I’m going to kill myself
I love how this video is only 6 minutes long but it feels like an hour long
I lived through two entire lifetimes sitting through this. 10/10 would procrastinate again.
You see, josh said exactly what was needed to be said. When he said the words “stealing” and “bad”, it was one of the most agreeable thing I have heard as stealing is bad, and I do not condone the act of taking other’s possessions without their consent.
Yeah I also agree with Josh, but I don't like stealing also. So yeah..
Wow I really just watched  six and a half minutes of this
This video is the embodiment of the phrase “when will it end?”
6 minutes of agreeing with josh
You posted it on my first day of school
The way you look reminds me of Ralph Cifaretto from The Sopranos
3:03 I was reading the shirt and when I got the joke I was like😮😶
Stealing is bad m’kay
its sooooo true
Guys, this is a really unpopular opinion, but, I’m gonna say it.      I agree with Josh
Subtitles : "Ceiling is wrong"
I agree with Josh. 👍
I agree with josh.
Why are Sven's shoulders so ridiculous
the vote for pedro tshirt takes me back
I like surfer Gus.    You know which one I'm talking about.
i too agree with josh
This video is so true
Stealing is good
Guys i too agree with josh stealing is bad
I just wanted to say that I agree with Gus about how those discussions went
I agree with josh.
1:33 VOTE FOR PEDRO baby.
It’s an entire family of cool shirts
Could anyone make a loop of this?
It all started with one man-
It looks like he filmed this right after svens pband j sandwich vid
0:39, you got a sister Gus? Maybe it's just me but she looks like you and Sven mixed together
Aaaaaand that's how everyone got a 100% participation for the pop quiz
4:10 how's that kid =))
SO TURE !!!!!!!!!!!
is the 6 minutes of this video just them saying they agree with what josh said? damn gus you've stooped low 😔
it took me 2 whole minutes lmao
Ah yes, I totally remember the quiet kid in the back of the class who always wore button-up shirts without buttoning them
stealing is bad      but ANTIFA/BLM begs to differ
I'd say this is a waste of time But they did change clothes a lot 😅 props
I’m a sophomore and this is pretty much how it still is 😔
Thanks for uploading this during my birthday, i really agree with Josh on this one
Probably could’ve cut this into a 3 minute vid, gets a bit zzzzz We get the point after the first few seconds, nothing worse than dragging a joke out
Very accurate except that more people would begin by saying "I'm gonna piggy back off a what Josh said"
I agree with Josh stealing is bad
We need the 10 hour version of middle schooler agreeing to Josh
Why is this funny
this is a horrible video
This was the longest six minutes of my life
so much build up for so much confusion for why it was that long
Well now we all know... stealing is bad.
Whoa, 6 mins? Btw I also agree with josh except i think it's horrible to steal and I want to join this group of students on the fact that stealing is not good at all and hinders the global economy on an unrecoverable level.
Where's the classclown
It literally took me 5 minutes to get the joke
I feel like Gus was forced to make this video.
Ask 34 middle schoolers and they'll tell you: stealing is wrong and josh is right
The shirts on display here are pretty epic
This is like a full 2 minutes longer than it has any right being and I love it 😂
This video is 6 minutes longer then it should be, and that makes it even better.
All the people who watched the entire video
I had classes like this in college lol
I can't believe Gus convinced his sister to be a part of this 😂💯
So I think we can all agree with Josh answer
I feel really good about this video.
I'd like to see the uncut footage of teacher Gus pointing in random directions for a couple of minutes
Yes, ceiling is really really bad.
I have to agree with Gus, because I think he is pretty right with what he was saying when he said that this is what every middle school discussion is like
a very interesting dis-gus-sion ... in my opinion josh had some valid points
Longest 6 minutes of my life
Not gonna lie but, josh is kinda right. Stealing is in fact wrong
Is that a Mumbo For Mayor shirt?!
Dude this is overkill
The last part I knew it would happen! Also who else had over 100 classmates and the guy with a chest of hair fuller than a husky?
why did I watch the whole thing
The facial expressions are on point lol
Just when you think it’s gonna end, it doesn’t.
Take a shot every time someone mentions Josh
Bro...I'm JOSH. I apprently always answer the one thing everyone else was going to say. Also, NO ONE ever raises their goddamn hand except for me....And this is UNIVERSITY
3:04 anyone know where I can get this shirt? It’s pog
In short: Stealing is not good.
Just commenting because yeah, umm, the same thing should apply, Josh's assessment about the topic at hand. Stealing is mostly bad, i couldnt agree more. We can all agree stealing is bad, but honestly Josh hit it on the head, it was a very good point. So I Agree. Good job Josh. I'm right with you there.
This is the first time i skip threw a gus jhonson video ... :/
this has the same energy of a starterpack
I seriously just watched 6 and a half minutes worth of the same line just being said over and over again but a little differently each time
What a madlad, making an entire 6 minute video on "i agree with josh"
Wow! With so many characters in this episode, I bet the budget for this was through the roof.
I JUST WATCHED SIX FRICKING MINUTES OF THREE PEOPLE SAYING STEALING IS BAD IN DIFFERENT WIGS AND SHIRTS
How many Classmates do you have ?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
You had a lot of classmates in your middle school . . . .
that's 6 minutes down the drain
First 15 seconds for the joke and the rest for ad revenue baby. And You know I’m watching it all the way through. Boys support boys.
i have never been so offended by something i 100 agree with
how many people are in this class
How did you manage to make me watch 6 minutes of people saying Josh is right?
Everyone: Stealing is wrong Also everyone: *Stealing Joshs answer*  Everyone in the comment section: *STEALING THE SAME COMMENT*
My name is Josh, this video gave me that middle school confidence.
Is everyone in this video related to Gus? 😆❤️
Anyone else thought that theres alot of the same people?
Where am I? Is this purgatory? Who am I? What's my name? Who are you people? What are you doing in my bedroom?
what a biased teacher, always calling on the same 4 students
Stealing is bad
This man just stole 6 minutes of my life, and that is, to reflect on what Josh said, the opposite of good
damn, Josh is on fire lately
6 min long but it felt like 6 hours.
You didn’t include the awkward silence and pauses throughout the entire thing
this one wasnt funny
I’m confused
I dunnow about stealing I think it could *maybe* be bad?
Gus was probably like: "hey! let's make a video where i can show all my shirts i've got"lol
3:13 “i I don’t like you. You”
Should have stretched it to 10 minutes
Me, who is Josh 🤯💯• 💯🤯
Class discussions were the OG circlejerk bc we „discussed“ so bland topics where you can’t be against. Like „do you think torturing little baby animals is bad?“ yeah no shot Sherlock if I say nah it’s fine I look like an asshole
omg!!! josh that josh this lol!!!!!!!!
You just know what every comment will be like
Bit got old after the first minute, tbh.  This is literally 6 minutes of the same bit.
Stealing is bad
This is probably the biggest middle school class I’ve ever seen
Stealing = bad
I kinda think Josh had a point tho
Yeah um, personally I would like to make my point that stealing someone else's answer is pretty bad, so, I aGrEe WiTh JoSh
everyone in here stealing the same comments and i think thats bad a wrong
Now can we get a 10h version?
but isn't crime a social construct?
You are a Schizophrenic? It's because you look
6 1/2 minutes of the same joke?
Unnecessary analytics:  Stealing is bad- 35 votes Stealing is good- 0 votes
As someone who *imsert thing that makes my opinion better* this is true
I think that ... stealing is kinda bad i agree with josh
I finally got to see what his sister looks like! Now I've seen the whole family! Oh, and stealing is good...if it's my heart! :)
"how class discussions went in middle school", or "How many shirts does the Johnsons own?"
They do be stealing each others shirts tho
Thanks Gus, I had no idea how much I disliked hearing my name repeated constantly until now.
Should put some ads in this one, just to water down Josh answer
Did i just watch 6 minutes of people saying stealing is bad? Yes. Do I regret it? No.
Don't know if it's already been mentioned here, but I kinda have to go with Josh on this one
yea i'm with Josh on this one. Stealing is bad.
You know what I agree with josh
Stealing is right when it’s from Target. It’s right there in the name.
Round Robin
This skit went on for too long. Like you're trying to steal the show or something. Man this joke was bad. But don't steal it.
Thanks for agreeing with me
I’m sorry, but I disagree with josh. I think stealing is theft.
Imagine being Josh, must be nice
He had a good point tho
That's a lot of changing t-shirts for a sketch.
The fucking commitment to make this a 6 minutes video of them find new ways to say the same thing is amazing
How did the guy with long blonde hair hit puberty & not hit puberty at the same time
Oh.. my.. lawd.. oh hell nah whaat the hell did I just watch?!
Aaaaaaaayyyyyy nice ELCA God's work our hands shirt
Gotta agree with Josh here
This is a procedurally generated sketch with 4 character models, over 50 articles of clothing but only one joke
they all look like siblings. (btw i know sven and gus are brothers)
All of those guys make a pretty fair point... You know what? I think I’m gonna have to agree with Josh on this one!
How big is this class?
This is the best use of 6 minutes in my life.
I personally totally agree with everyone that also thinks this video is pretty accurate
They are all against stealing,  yet they all stole Josh's answer!
I just watched 6 mins of i agree whith josh i iam entertained 😅
Y'know I think Imma gotta go with Josh on this one.
I watched 6 minutes and 20 seconds of this
I agree with Josh on this
i agree with josh :)
Josh:  I just would like to put out there that i believe that stealing is wrong Quite Kid: There's no such thing as "stealing" because there's no such thing as private property. *pulls out his ak47* FOR MOTHER RUSSIA
Wow, Josh really be coming out with some hot takes on some controversial topics
You forgot that one girl that always tells a really long personal story 😉
I just have to reiterate what Josh was saying here, stealing is not good
This room has a disturbing amount of doors.
Josh be like:  I see no God up here        *OTHER* *THAN* *ME*
Josh’s self esteem must be through the roof after this
i agree .
Why did I sit through this.
When the teacher said "yeah i don't like you" oh boy the memories
Why didn't you make the teacher go "Well, you're all wrong" at the end.
I also agree with Josh
Plzzz make ur mom videos I am missing them
"Vote for Pedro" love the Napoleon Dynamite reference
This is the garbage i subscribed for
I actually disagree with Josh and I would like to say that stealing is bad.
4:48 It haunts me that "Schrute" is written wrong on the shirt.
Dumbass Kids
josh is a very intelligent man
wow, you‘re really wringing out that one idea, gus, huh? O wait, that is the point! Genius!
in my class, discussions went the opposite way: me: "i don't think stealing is that bad, imean.." the whole fuckin class: "OMFG what's wrong with you?"  i wish i could go back to school
i can't believe i just watched all six and a half minutes of this
Where's the "devil's advocate"
I *have* to watch this whole thing.
Challenge: How many students where in this class?
Not to get political or anything but i agree with Josh
Yeah, like what Gus said on the video but with also everyone on there, I'd like to say that I agree with Gus and Josh. Firstly, Gus filmed this video not only for our entertainment purposes but also to prove that stealing is just stinky poo poo. Secondly, Josh. Josh's a great guy. He's obviously the main reason why Gus made this video. Truly a wise man. He was the first one to say that stealing is bad and everybody agrees with that. Stealing is bad, people.
ngl longest 6 minutes ever
Well how the turn tablet.
idea: very nice execution: fantastic length of the sketch: god mode
This felt like 2 hours
How big were your classes in middle school?!
you forgot the stupid kid who just disagrees with everyone just so they can disagree im looking at you Kendall
Josh stole their answers
Guys hear me out   Stealing is bad
Is it 6 minutes of this?   Fuck it is
What did Josh say again?
Yeah definitely with Josh on this one, stealing is wrong.
Jacqueline's comment's replies are really good
Uh yeah I also think like the other 20000 comments that this was painfully accurate
This video is good
Stealing is bad
This is actually a good representation of how I write answers for the exams lol!
Unrealistic, no more than 3 people would've raised their hands to discuss and then the teacher would have to painstakingly pry answers out of the rest of the class.
I have a question. How many people are in this class?
i miss when gus used to be funny :( dear gus repeating the same thing in a bunch of different ways even to hyperbolize your point doesn't work in a 6 minute video.. only made it halfway through, seems this is the average quality of the stuff he puts out these days. unsubbed :(
I agree with Josh.
Hey guys it’s me... josh
I think Josh's placement in this discussion is right. Stealing is bad.
I just went to middle school and it’s just the same as this 😂😂😂😂😂😂
how many times did they say josh
this but all the kids & teachers agree that gay marriage is wrong & ur the only gay kid in class 🤐
why did this feel like an hour long
Accurate down to this feeling like the longest 6 minutes of my life :')
Can you do one where it's the beginning of the year and the students have to introduce themselves and say something about themselves.
How many people are in this class?!
Its 4am I have school today why am I doing this
What if you’re stealing to feed your family because you have no money and you’ve got a new born baby JOSH!?! Did you think of that JOSH??? God josh is such and asshole
Bro the vote for Pedro shirt was SPOT ON
What did Josh say again?
Middle school? my collage classes discussion boards are exactly like this lmao.
My teacher once said, "Until you're not caught, you're not a thief."
Me when writing an essay.  Also name your kid josh.
I agree whit josh stealing is bad
Our middle school discussions went like: Teacher: Tomorrow we are gonna discuss if gay people deserve basic human rights. Who wants to be on the YES and NO sides? Fake woke vegan white girl: I WILL BE ON THE YES GROUP :) Nazi fuckboys: HEHEHE WE PICK THE NO GROUP Every gay kid in class: Wow I feel sudden wave of weakness cough cough I think I'm gonna come down with a terrible flu tomorrow
I gotta say, I agree that this is exactly what all the discussions look like.
im just gonna say that I agree with Gus that this video is how middle school discussions went
So, it's a bit unclear... what's our stand on stealing again?
Ceiling is bad - Sven Johnson, 2020
this is too accurate
Everyone: Stealing is wrong Also everyone: *steals Josh's answer*
Teacher: So what do you guys think, anyone want to say something? Silence Teacher: So we all agree that stealing is bad, right? Students: I was gonna say that... I agree with what you just said... Oooh oooh oooh stealing is bad?
this video should just be called "when you have to participate in class"
I watched this whole video, and honestly guys, now bear with me, I think Josh is on to something
Idk this is kinda like what josh was saying but I kinda think stealing is bad
I think the thing Josh said was extremely intelligent
The length of this video ruined the joke for me. With that being said this is the only unfunny video Ive seen from gus
The guy with the long hair is the perfect combination of gus and svenson
0:35 female Will Ferrell
I agree with josh stealing is bad
This is like the group discussions we had after taps in boot camp
I think this was only 6 mins long when it should have been 30 mins
Tbh, this video is very informative for English learners on how to form a sentence for these kind of discussions. Well done, Gus.
I'm going to agree with Gus on this one about middle school discussions
They say stealing is wrong but they stole his answer... So many layers in this.
No alternative contrarian kid?
I’m in middle school can confirm
Anyone but me that like that all johnson sibblings was in The same videon.
F### JOSH he stole his answer.. Will someone just be a devil's advocate and disagree please
this is so repetitive
Are you all siblings?
Something tells me that josh is right
Gus takes beautiful conceptual dump.
I didn't pay attention what Josh said, but I think he made a good point.
I gotta go with Josh on this one. I know some may disagree, but I agree that stealing is bad.
6 fucking minutes of me agreeing with josh that stealing is bad
Awful sketch.
When it's 6 minutes and 38 seconds till the bell rings so ya'll in the class just gotta stall some time so that your teacher won't give a quiz.
I don't think this has been mentioned, but I think stealing is pretty not cool
The longest 6:38 seconds of my life.
Idk, something bout the video makes me feel like stealing could not be the greatest idea, anyone agree on that one?
I agree with Josh
I think stealing is alright when it's necessary, but yeah, other than that I agree with Josh.
Which class has SO MANY STUDENTS???       And they r also look alikes 😠 omg
I don't remember what his name was but he said that stealing was wrong and I completely agree
I've been watching through all the video to find that guy who would say (what I would say) that stealing can be either bad, or necessary in different circumstances.  But I also 100% support Josh's answer
I agree with josh on this one. Usually I don’t agree with josh but this time I agree because stealing is bad.
Wait, there’s another Johnson brother?
Lizard man from the union against Josh: i agree with josh
Quality upload, as always!
ngl i agree with josh i think stealing is bad
This should win the Oscar for best wardrobe
Josh is so on point. I agree with Josh on this one.
Needs to sell WWJD braclets, to remind us of the infinite love and wisdom Josh can provide in lifes trying times.
I'm only two minutes and Josh has already been semantically satiated
The punchline took too long.
Think i have to agree whit Josh on this on 😂
Josh is just getting all the fame
6:30 I got the point of the video but let just say i agreed with Josh when he typed in his keyboard that  this video is garbage
What is middle school? I can from the land down under where we have primary school (Pre k - grade 6) then high school (grade 7-12)
You forgot the dude who had to brace his arm because he had hold his arm up for a hour
I agree with josh, anyone else?
I think Josh should be allowed to vote
“Sorry but I might have to disagree on stealing is bad so F you josh “
Seems like your mom ran out of brown ink while giving birth ->   🐜🥐 🥠🧈  dark brown, strawberry blonde, dark blonde, platinum blonde.
This video was really just an excuse for Gus and his friends to show off all the different clothes they own. Come to think of it, did they just pack a suitcase full of shirts and take it with them to a community college to film this skit?
worse than potato chip boys
This is a 6 almost 7 minute video...
That ceiling looks bad
wagetheft actually has a much larger nation-wide value per-year than criminal theft, so the average worker or even human being is actually owed money by the econopolitical elite    stealing from walmart is really just taking back value that was already yours from the place least likely to successfully punish you for trying to get back whats yours
That's a very big classroom
Y r ur vids so long now
man Americans don't care about covid at all! look how many kids are in this classroom!
That pose at 1:26 is so spot on! haha god damn
i cant believe i watched 6 minutes of this
Is this just 6 minutes of the same thing?
Yea I'm going to answer same as Josh, because stealing is very bad, because the theft are taking other persons thing without other persons agreement.. but yeah I agree with Josh..
welp i just watched 6 minutes of people saying stealing is bad over and over again
I'm sorry I think I'm actually not gonna agree with josh on this one, no one ever willingly raises his hand. (except for the one guy who stole everybody's answer ofc :)
Really stretched this into 6 and a half minutes huh    Most accurate representation I've ever seen
I agree with Josh.
Missed the one dude who'd say "I dunno guys, lemme play devil's advocate here and say that stealing isn't THAT bad..."
So true
How many kids are in this class????
Hate it when so-called "comedy" YouTubers get political  You just lost a subscriber, Gus Johnson
Dwight's class?
It’s awesome how now Thor and ?Freja? got a new screen time on your videos!
Who’s clothes are those
I actually wanted to say the same thing as Josh’s.
No, my Socratic Seminars always went really well.  Then again, I went to school with people whose IQ was above room temperature.
The only thing you're allowed to steal.. .. is someone's heart. <3   Just make sure you fetch good money for it on the black market, don't make their sacrifice have been in vain.
What Josh said was really touching and mesmerizing to my heart cause the trade which happens between the consumer and the retailer is very good and consuming that without paying the money made out of paper  to the retailer is not worthy , so yeah I agree with Josh .
*snaps pencil*  XD
So, what you think chat? Do you agree with Josh? Find out the right answer after this sponsored bit!
Gus looks both similar and completely different than his siblings
I think that Sven did a really good job when he played the lady character person.
Shit, this is how high school discussions were lmao
6 minutes of people saying steeling is bad
This video simultaneously felt ten seconds and three hours
This is one big class
Man, i can't believe what I'm about to say but... I think...     I agree with Josh.
Does this go on for 6 minutes
Class discussions were a lot more inflammatory in my class. Then again, I was in my class and I was a little shit in high school so I was probably part of the reason for that.
I was a kid wrong
take a shot every time anyone says Josh
longest 6 and a half minutes of my life
stealing is neither good or bad.  these are mental constructs that have nothing to do with the reality of the situation, given that ultimately no one really owns anything.  that being said, stealing is good until you get caught... and then it's bad.
Gus was pretty spot on with this one
Either the teacher is suffering from Short Term Memory Loss or the students are, i cat decide which one
I agree with Josh on this one.
Paraphrasing when you write an essay.
They do have a point though.. ceiling is bad
How does no one notice the guy disagreeing is actually the teacher, he just unbuttoned his shirt... 😮
Did you spot what's wrong at 5:35 ?
Was it just my class thats actually had discussions in middle school....
Give me a refund
It just keeps going.
“Uh, I don’t like you.” *points at next person* 3:13
Why is this video 6 and a half minutes long??
*You three have a sister now???*
How many Johnsons are there?
Yeah this is so true. Like all of us have mics attached to us during school
Lol total opposite in my philosophy class, people are always out there playing devil's advocate
Sven's neck is so distracting
Tag yourself, Im 1:54
I um yeah I'm sorry to be the odd one out, but am I the only one that thinks stealing is wrong?  Sorry someone needed to say it.
How many fucking kids were in your middle school, Gus?
Also this video is why we need smaller class sizes
Kristen Schaal is a horse
"SHRUTE FARMS BEATS"
I have a middle school student here who has a couple of questions to ask as he doesn't think they were covered with any accuracy if they were covered at all...... 1.Is stealing right or wrong? 2.Does Josh have an opinion on this,and if so what is it?
*Josh*
I can’t believe I watched all 6 minutes of this
God why is this so accurate
Josh nailed it
Sven is basically all of the guys I went to school with, just not a teenager.
Did I miss out on something?
Is everyone in this related to you?
How big is this f-ing class?
This is also how discussions go in online college discussion boards.
Honestly Josh said it best. Stealing is bad.
“Hey guys, Josh” like all your classmates didn’t know who you were 😂
""Stealing is bad" – Josh" – Michael Scott
You forgot the 10 awkward seconds before josh raised his hand
While it is easy to assume that stealing is wrong because it causes harm to the victim of the theft, nothing in life is ever as black and white as that. It’s pretty clear that if you are only stealing for frivolous reasons, and for your own pleasure, then yes; harming someone purely for your own enjoyment is immoral. But consider a poor man whose family is starving, and he has no way of obtaining money. Would it be wrong for him to steal some food to feed his family, if the alternative is them starving? By not stealing, he is allowing multiple people to die, which is a much worse outcome than someone else not making a bit of money for some product. In today’s society, most theft would be committed against large corporations, since they own most of the capital. But those corporations only have the capital that they do because they exploit land, people, and natural resources in developing nations, so by supporting them by purchasing their goods and services, you are contributing to the harm caused by the immoral practices of those companies. You could even make the argument that stealing in that case is moral, since it harms the people who cause even more harm than you ever could. Another case is when someone is selling something that they have no right to be selling, since the product should be a human right to own instead of a commodity. If a company declared that they owned the air and started charging people to breathe, it would definitely not be wrong to breathe without paying them, since the air does not belong to anyone. As I have pointed out, stealing something that someone else rightfully owns, without any valid reason to steal, is wrong, but the notion that any theft ever is wrong does not hold up because of moral complexity and the capitalist society we live in. The people who hold all the power are the ones who decide what exactly theft is, while being thieves themselves, and we shouldn’t just mindlessly accept what they say. I’ll pass the mic around now if anyone else wants to add or reply to that.
I also just wanted to put out there i think i agree with what josh says honestly
"drink apple juice 'cause OJ will kill you" - imma need that shirt asap
Id like to also agree with Gus's opinion on how discussions go in middle school but in 30 seconds but I definitely agree with Gus and he has my support still.
VOTE FOR PEDRO
Honestly nobody asked us a thing in middle school about our opinions. We were considered toddlers up to like the last year of high school. And then was every teacher surprised we can't lead a discussion and don't want to express our opinions.
Pretty accurate except you didn’t have that one edgy kid “playing devils advocate.”
When Josh said stealing was bad I think that is a accurate answer  that I can agree with.
How many fucking people are in the class
Yeah I agree with Josh
Why did I watch this for 6 minutes
Six and a half minutes of my life I will never get back.
why did i choose to watch the whole thing uninterrupted
By the Power of Josh’s answer  STEALING IS BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
it's like muab dib does it even matter if josh is real or what he does, his supporters are fanatical
When the syllabus says "not participating in discussions will result in loss of credit on your final grade".
I'm a little confused, could someone rephrase what Josh said?
I just realized the outdo sounds better in 1.25 speed
too much gus family
Josh looks like someone who steals even though he said stealing is bad
Can’t believe I just watched this whole 6 min video
"When you're graded on participation"
Can just admire tat they had to change their outfit so many times
You know I personally would just like to kinda say that I agree with what josh put out there and he has my full support on that position.
I challenge you to take a shot every time Josh is said, you'll be drunk in no time
holy shit i'm tripping magic balls or this shit is supa long
Did I just watch 6 minutes of 4 people saying the same thing over and over again?
JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH JOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOSSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hey can everyone stop stealing my answer!?
Next time they bring up some similar topic I will say that I agree with Josh no matter the topic.
Damn, 34 students in one classroom? You gotta split them up so they get better individual attention!
Me watching this 6 minute video for a punchline-
This goes on for 6 minutes
This is relatable from when I was in middle school
is it really just 6 minutes of this
FAKE! They say “i forgot what i was gonna say”
Gus, is this another tax thing of you buying new clothes?
Jeez, how many students are in that class?
when did gus get  a sister?
I no longer need my job with the help of, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
Don't forget about "Aha um like *girl's entire entourage erupts in giggles*  stealing is uhh like not good and everything so um what I'm trying to say is, aha um like yeah"
Yes pickle is bad, i agree with Josh with this one
Legend says they’re still agreeing that stealing is bad
I liked the part when they said that stealing is bad
As somebody named Josh, I feel both personally attacked and like my name has never before sounded less like a word.
“The ceiling is bad”
I like the part where they say that stealing is bad
Once a teacher asked us to discuss mothers (???)
It's like this in highschool too
I think this title should be "online discussion boards for college"
Hi, yes I would also like to agree with what Josh said. He makes a lot of sense
damn lost my headphones and now i'm role playing as a deaf mute
im going to make my future children watch this to hopefully brainwash them into thinking stealing is bad so i dont have to
You know what, what Josh said I felt that.
Basically what Josh said.
Who's the girl? She looks like the female version of Gus. Did he open up a portal to a parallel universe?
yeah I agree with gus, stealing is bad.
I was definitely the _BURN IN HELL_ kid
Y'know, I agree with Josh, stealing is pretty bad.
There's always someone who likes to feel like a badass contradicting whatever the whole class has said.
Yeeeeeet
Damn Josh really hit a home run here
I do think the video dragged on for way too long.
This is the closest Gus has gotten to a shitpost
this could also just be a complication of being the last one called on in class to contribute to the discussion
Realistically it would just be 6 minutes of silence
i can't believe i watched this whole thing
The banks don’t agree with josh. Agreeing with josh makes you a sheep. Break the system!
I'm person on the internet, and I don't agree with Josh, I think he's a horrible human being that should be suspended for what he said!
Bro how do you go 6 minutes and 38 seconds of saying that Josh is right and that stealing is bad and have me laugh at.
When Josh said "stealing is bad" I felt that
Can we get a 5 hour extension of this intellectual pursuit? Btw I think Josh was on to something there
Me: how can they keep this up for 6 minutes??  Me, sitting here 6 minutes later:
This is very accurate❤.
You forgot about the person who's jist gonna say the opposite just to be cool. "Stealing is good and here's why..."
really wanted it to end with someone going “not to play devils advocate but i disagree”
he stretched tf out of this video
I agree with everyone but it’s important for everyone to know that I personally think that stealing is bad.
Stealing, at least in my opinion is a bad thing so I guess I agree with josh
"Micah despite my efforts to the contrary, i agree with josh. Stealing is bad"
I think Josh made a good point tbh
I don't always agree with Josh, but when I do, everyone does too.
You know I really gotta give it to my man Josh, he really struck a chord with me when he said stealing is wrong and bad and I've got to really congratulate him on an excellent point.
About 3 minutes in I checked the time and saw I was only half way through
Same at my high school
I feel like this would have been great as a 3 minute video
Damn u just stole my fucking time
This was so exhausting to watch XD
Why was I absolutley terrified the entire video?
Ceiling is bad
I can’t believe I watched the same joke for 6 minutes
This vid reproduces the boredom of middle school. I just wanted to say that I agree with this video.
Oooooooooh man this is so true I fucking hate it when the teacher just forces us to "speak our minds" when the subject is just so simple...  By the time the 3rd or 4th person gives their opinion, there's nothing new to say, yet the teacher keeps going.
This brought me back XD
How can they agree with Josh, and still steal HIS answer?
Was the purpose of this video just to show off the many funny shirts they have?
This is just an excuse for the Johnson family to show off their favorite shirts.
Unironically stealing is good a lot of the time.
josh is the standard 💅
politics.
I agree with Josh
I experienced it two different ways in school:  First: just like the video  Second: teacher asked question followed with an awkward silence and then just 4 students participating
So where do we land on the whole stealing thing?
I feel like Josh is very correct with his statement
1:20 Oh YES, how can I get this t shirt???
how many kids are in this class?
That moment when in Trump's America stealing is bad. Let me grab popcorn
this went on for too long
josh is always right
“Stealing is bad”  *everyone proceed to steal Josh’s answer*
If this isn’t a canvas discussion board haha
So everyone stole Josh's point, damn Josh was right "Stealing is bad"
6 mins of the same joke, I don't think I have the patience for it.
Who's Josh?
Some of the ways that they reworded what Josh said😂😂 I mean who speaks like that in middle?? Maybe I just went to a ghetto middle school where everyone spoke like they were unintelligent lmao
This is literally the college life too, middle school was just the beginning of this
Stealing is bad mkay.
I lost all sense of time and reality watching this video
I agree with josh
As a middle schooler this video is 100% accurate.
As a Josh, I’m flattered by this video
This could be used to torture terrorists
Josh stole my answer. We were actually just talking about that earlier right josh? Right? When we were talking about it? and I said stealing is bad?...
Josh for class president!
Some constructive criticism: I may be wrong, but to me 6 minutes was too long  for the gag. For me personally I feel the gag would be funnier if it was truncated to like possibly 3 or 4 minutes and 38 seconds seconds with the same ending. I don't know tho man, I don't know shit about comedy, I do know tho that stealing is wrong,and after like 4 minutes I just skipped to the end.
Don't know about you guys but I think Josh was totally right that stealing is definitely not good.
Why did I watch this?
Actually stealing might not always be bad because say your family is starving and you need food but your poor stealing might be ok
i am curently in middle school and it is the same hahahahhaha this is the funniest video of yours
"Stealing is wrong"                              -Josh
The joke is that you we watched the whole video.
Was waiting for the “stealing is good”
“the classroom experience is critical to the development of our youth, we can’t deprive them of that essential, life-changing experience by continuing to teach remotely” the classroom experience:
lol this is literally discussion posts in college
Nah there's always that one guy who's like "Can I just play Devil's Advocate here..."
kind of a hot take but, stealing is bad
I'm in college and this is still kinda apply
I agree with the comment beneath me
my name is Josh and I feel personally attacked.
Who's the blonde Sven?
Yo... so imma steal Josh's answer and say that stealing is a bunch of horse crap.
"Going back to what Josh _very well_ said, originally, is that I, as a human being, personally believe that the act of taking something that doesn't belong to you by is, 100%, ba- yeah I would say is wrong."
Makes me appreciate the crazy folks I went to school with who would've gone all in with a "Yeah stealing is bad, but is it really?"
I just watched 6.30 minutes of mutual agreement
Im ready to see the outtakes for this one
Okay so Sven has a channel. I'm pretty sure I remember you saying Thor is making a channel soon. And it turns out your sister is funny as fuck too. Her acting was great in this. It was very "Johnson" but also very unique. I'd love to see her doing her own work on her own channel
I've just spent 6:38 minutes of my life looking at the same 2 people say "stealing is bad".      I love it
The most unrealistic part of this is how many people put their hands up and spoke
Video idea: ‘When the teacher says turn to talk to your partner in school’ And do different types of people in the situation
Sven kinda suits his hair lmao,  he looks young lmao
Wow, how did you get so many actors for this video?
In what context? What if I am stealing someone's heart? that means I am making someone falling in love with me, or literally just stealing someone's heart, which is murder and that is criminal act. so I agree with josh at some point.
This is so true and so painful.
This video is too short they weren't able to cover all aspects of stealing
I saw a mumbo for mayor shirt
i agree with josh i uh.... Also think stealing is bad.
I just want to mention stealing isn’t - well josh kinda said this but stealing isn’t right
Are we all just going to ignore that this is basically 6 minutes of watching the same thing repeatedly?
No one can make me hear josh atleast 40 times in 6 minutes but Gus Johnson
Josh: stealing is bad Class: I wish I would’ve thought of that😱
When are you going to post the next Gus's birthday or christmas video? I love those so much!
One joke. Drawn out over six and a half minutes. Still somehow it was six and a half minutes of laughs. Fucking genius.
Do yourself a favor, watch the first minute and then leave. Same joke dragged out for too long.
I love how that guys chance glasses everytime its his line. And shirt
okay but im a senior and my AP Lit  class is literally just this
I forgot who josh was half way
Gus, wtf. This was weak. Is this an inside joke?
it took me forever to get the punchline to this.
Stealing is bad - Josh 2020
Yeah so I agree with Josh because the Torrah said stealing was bad so Josh is smart 👍
Why dose this feel partially  accurate
I disagree with Josh.   STEAL FROM THE RICH!!
I mean hes not wrong
How many students are in this class Jesus
I mean you either agreed with everyone else or get screamed at by the whole class
Wow that was an intense discussion.
i disagree
stealing can be good imo, like, if you have no other options.
OK .There goes 6 and a half minutes of my life
where’s the guy that says “i think stealing is bad” and thinks he’s the first one to say it
where is the kid who's whole purpose is to just play devils advocate and piss everyone in the class off?
used at least three of these wordings
3:05 that shirt is dope, lol
they all think stealing is bad, but they're stealing that idea from Josh! Josh is the only truthful one.
I was going to say Thor looks like Napoleon Dynamite, then it showed him wearing a Vote for Pedro shirt. Lol
Im going to go on a limb here and say as a person who doesn't discriminate regardless of color, national origin, religion, sex (including pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity or transgender status), age, disability, or genetic information I have to agree with Josh whole heartedly... and that's just being honest.
Now that we've got everybody agreeing that stealing is bad, let's talk about taxation
How did he get so many people to play every part
I also agree with the message of this video.
The sealing is bad.
I agree with Josh
*College
Then theres that kid who says the complete opposite "Stealing is cool." Then the whole class laughs.
This video is just an excuse to show of his collection of T-shirts. I aint mad tho. Just jealous.  Maybe I should rob them. Hey we all know stealing is bad but robbing?
*thieves have left the chat*
I like how y'all aren't even moving your just putting on different shirts
Just to add on to Josh’s statement, I think taking things that do not belong to you is not the right thing to do.
You really nailed the teacher picking the next student noises and motions
This is far too accurate and it embarrasses me to have been there.
i cannot believe i just watched this entire fucking thing
Imagine saying basically the same thing for six minutes straight
i think i missed it, where does josh stand on this issue?
This video felt longer than it actually was
Imagine teacher says after everyone is done, "you all are wrong"
that's a big class
Ah yes, Corporate meetings.
This gave me anxiety
My favourite part of the video is when they talked about how stealing is bad
See, my experience in middle school discussions were that ours got actually pretty heated and we had a lot of good discussions.
Josh kinda smart, i think im gonna agree with him that stealing is bad.
I can’t believe in watched that entire video
why have I just watched 6 minutes of agreeing with josh ??? This is not up to crab standard
due to legal reasons, I'm gonna say I'm n o t a fan of shoplifting
As a person who just got into highschool, This is the most accurate thing I have ever seen.
Everyone in this class look like siblings
Plot twist: josh stole the answer from teddy
Thank you boys
Unpopular opinion stealing is bad
What did Josh say?
Why did I watch the whole video
me commenting back on my classmates' discussion board within at least 150 words
Im starting to believe that stealing may be bad
It's my time to shine.
i agree with josh
Helluva budget for this one, with this many actors.
how is every single person in this video absolutely stunning? man, y’all got amazing genes wow. That girl is BEAUTIFUL and the boys are BEAUTIFUL ARGHHHH
I really don’t get the message of this video. It’s pretty vague what stance you take on this topic
Vote for or Pedro
This is 6 minutes of straight facts from josh
Yeah I think I agree with Josh on this one, stealing is pretty bad.
hey guys just have to agree with gus here we should all follow him on twitter @Gusbuckets
Teachers want a variety of answers, but maybe they should ask more complex questions?
As a middle schooler I can %100 say that this is the best representation of a middle school classroom ever in the history of Comedy and maybe even history it self
I was waiting for someone to bring up the moral dilemma of somebody stealing food to save someone who's starving, and then the class shout and boo them out of the classroom.
This is how they go in university and college let's be honest
I’m gunna have to agree with Josh on this one.
Why did I watch the whole thing. Smfh
Yo the guy with the blonde hair has some epic t shirts!
This is actually a Sunday School room, isn't it?
So true.
“Stealing is bad” - Josh, September 2020
This is more like what college is like
my middle school discussions were between christians and atheists in a evangelical private school and we were always one wrong word away from a physical fight so can’t relate
On god
WHY IS IT STILL GOING
Why do all of the Johnson’s look like the same person
Emmm, yea I agree with josh
I too full heartedly agree with Josh...     Although I don't, they're gonna kill me
weak vid bro
4:48 Dwight and Angela’s kid
My stance may a bit wild, but I think I'm gonna have to side with Josh on this one. Josh and I may have our fundamental differences, but this is one issue that we can both agree on. Furthermore, I'd like to personally thank you, Josh. Your way with words can only be described as Shakespearean. The way you were able to distill such a complex concept into three simple words is truly awe worthy. Stealing is bad.
There were some pretty decent opinions in this video but I think the person who really made the most sense was that Josh kid.
Yeah i really think stealing is not good
Gotta love how Josh sits in the same chair as like 10 different characters.
Everyone stole joshs answer... that’s the joke...
I think you should’ve cut the video in half. The joke at the end landed but it just felt to long
Frankly I agree with Josh.
Stealing is fun - everybody want to hear that .
When Asian schools teach you how to agree with others in oral exams
Gus got the teacher's facial expressions right on. Best part of the video.
The ceiling is bad
How many kids are in this class?
Middle school? It's like this in college too lol
Longest 6 minutes of my life.
Just to play Devil's Advocate here...  Josh is right stealing is bad.
This was dragged out a bit too long to be honest, if it was like 2-3 minutes would be better but past that it just kinda got annoying
I watched all of this :)
Stealing answers is good
But like, ummm, what if a person is starving and cant like, afford food?
As a recent middle schooler I can in fact confirm this to be true.
Half those students shoplift after school
This video is way too long
"I hate you"
they are just straight up stealing joshs statement
I agree with Josh that stealing is bad
this is how politicians are born
👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎🏿👎🏿👎🏿👎🏿
Im not gonna lie but I gotta agree with Josh on this one.
Not sure if this was supposed to be a comedy sketch or a fashion show
This is the most gigantic class I've ever seen
How can they say this over and over with a straight face?🤣
I liked the part where that agreed with Josh
Doesn't change in college either, especially ethics class
I can confirm this happens in the UK in our primary schools.
Ceiling bad.
Gus never ceases to amaze me with his accuracy. I completely blocked out middle school until now - these “discussions” never went past the first statement 😩
Wow Gus sure has a lot of similar looking siblings
"Vote for Pedro"
This video felt 3 hours long...
participation graded
This video is just an excuse for a wardrobe contest
And yet they think nothing of stealing Josh's opinion
I like the part when they said stealing is bad
I can't tell if this video was 2 minutes or 2 hours long.
I can’t believe I just watched a 6.5 minute video waiting for the punchline and it never came
I just fell like I agree with Josh
In my 9th grade English class, we had a discussion about which jobs are desirable, and exactly this happened. It's scary how accurate this is, I had flashbacks
did anyone else hear "ceiling is bad"?  thats right, FLOOR GANG AAAHUOOOO
Stop
I think poarch pirates might not agree with this video's message :/
Josh is so cool! He is trending
this felt like a 20 minute video
When you are failing and this is English class:  Well, I can’t agree more with josh. All the information and evidence is all shown here,, josh is correct and has stated the exact answer to your question and I hope that we can all agree on this decision for the answer.
Tbh I thought someone would talk about how stealing from large companies arent too bad as its slowing down the endless amount of money that the company owners receive and then someone would go “shut up terry!”
yea i really agree with josh stealing is really bad it isn’t very good
NOT THE INTERRUPTING OTHER PPL JDFKFK
My favourite is the 'this is kinda the same as what ___ said' like yeah just dont say it then tf
This just goes to show we'll watch anything.
Stealing is bad mkay
I guess students don’t grow up, as this is an accurate representation of my torturous college experience.
The joke was a bit foo long
This class is packed... also i agree with josh. Pretty valid argument.
I wonder if stealing is bad?
Gonna say it right now I just really think Josh mad a great point throughout this discussion here. Especially when he referred to stealing being bad.
This kind of repetitive bullshit is beneath you, Gustardson.
cheers for the support
Idk y but i watched the whole video
How many people are in your middle school jesus
he missed the “just to add on to what josh said and what everyone has also been kind of saying....” because i use this opening all the time
I mean, I think we can all agree on this one, josh makes a fair point.
I agree with josh.
I’m a minute into the video and I’m questioning if the entire video is just everyone saying stealing is wrong for six and a half minutes   I finished the video and spoilers they talk about josh being right saying stealing is wrong for the entire video🤣🤣🤣
I bet you won't sub 2 me
Imbiamba jombes? 😔
My teachers were the one that, "no you can't repeat points."
Thor nailed that Napoleon Dynamite look
I feel like if you’re high and watching this, you’re going to be really confused.
This video was so long it took me like 6 hours in total to slowly watch because it was so long
Didn't they all steal Josh's answer
Dang Josh gettin all the attention
Stealing is bad
wait so is stealing bad??
it would have been funnier without the  6 minutes, but I get it
I watched the whole thing hoping that there'd be one person who'd disagree
The ironic part is that everyone was stealing Josh's answer.
Can't believe you got Abby from the last of us 2 in this video
did i actually watch that for 6 minutes?
It took me way too long to realize that they are all stealing Joshs answer.
I don’t know if this was the best or worst six minutes of my life
“I’m not so sure I agree with Josh on this one.” The room said 👁👄👁
ahh just wanna get some watch time I see. Well no worries i'll watch the entire thing
at this point, josh doesn't sound like a real word anymore
As a middle school teacher, I'm going to use this to start a discussion on how to share in class
This was the longest 6 1/2 minutes.  I am here for it.
But who really is Josh?    Also who else forgot what Josh looked liked?
I would have to disagree. I don't know what Josh said, but I believe stealing is bad.
I half fell asleep to this video and when I came to I thought i was trippin, what a time
I relate to the comment from Josh, stealing is bad, in my opinion.
josh probably feeling like a KING
"Okay so group how many ways can we say that we agree with Josh's opinion on stealing is bad"
I want to steal so bad right now...
I felt like I was watching endless 8 again watching this
This is the longest 6 minute video I have ever seen.
4:03 that one kid in middle school with chest hair
Wow there are a lot of students in that class
Just a good 6 minutes of yeah I agree stealing is bad
The whole video is 6 minutes of saying  " I agree with josh stealing is bad "
Oh I didn’t have anything to say, I just wanted to know if I could use the restroom actually, but stealing is bad though.
They are clones......
could be a tiktok loop and i wouldnt know xD
3:00 why is 50% discount Logan Paul in your class?
I can't help to wonder how many clothing and hairpieces they cycled through when filming this lmao.
Wtf very boring
I expected the very end to go through the whole list of different variations of everyone's outfits reacting disgusted by saying "stealing is good".
Maybe stealing is not very good.
Felt like that back then still feel like it now, i’d steal to survive.
Fucking hell, how many kids are in this class?
You gotta hand it to him, Josh really stole the show with that answer.
i think josh put it in the best words
guys i think stealing is bad
middle school? dude this was my experience of philosophy class in college
This is how it went for me up until the second semester of university. Everyone basically paraphrased whatever the first dude said.
*I'd like to see the average watch time on this one.*
This feels like the 12+ years I've wasted
Oh god when I didn’t do the readings in college 😂
upvoted only after i saw the napoleon dynamite dude wearing the vote for pedro shirt
Josh is the MVP
and high school and college😂😂
Look, I know this is a little out there but I think that maybe. Just maybe, stealing is bad.
"You have to reply to at least one other student's discussion post"
you know I'm going to play devils advocate and disagree with Josh on this one
honestly, i agree with josh on the topic of stealing, and it being bad. i also think stealing is bad personally.
Really gotta agree with Josh on this one, stealing is bad.
I remember when it was saying “uploaded 1 hour ago” sad times...
Socratic Seminar day at it's finest. All the points were well said, but specifically the way Josh expressed it was very eloquent in my opinion.
as a middle school teacher I agree with josh
defintely needed to be almost 7 minutes long
I agree with josh
Is the orange-hair girl you filmed with Lena?
I lasted 1 minute 20 seconds. ...before I came.
**laughs in kleptomaniac**
Everybody stole Josh's answer.
5:37 - still waiting for the one edgy kid that likes stealing to throw everyone else off..
Holy shit that oj shirt at 3:00 is fucking amazing.
Never have I been so offended by something I 100% agree with.
Wow 35 middle schoolers all agreeing and social distancing, impressive
Stealing is bad
The most accurate part about this is the feeling that it's probably like a 20 minute discussion, but it's only been 6
When josh is the only smart ass in the class.
POV: stealing is bad
WTF GUS?!?!
Yeah I cant watch the whole thing but yes basically
Guys, unpopular opinion but...  Stealing is bad
I can't beielve I watched 6 minutes of this
Pretty presumptuous to assume so many middle schoolers would volunteer in a discussion.
I also agree with josh, I think stealing is wrong
The title didn't feel relatable but goddamn gus can make everything relatable
Why did I keep thinking these were college students.
THIS GOES ON FOR 6 MINUTES
How many kids are in this friggin' class?!
Too true
i'm about 2 minutes into the video is the whole skit just them in different shirts & sometimes hats agreeing with Josh edit: yes it is
How many shirts have you put on?
This was also community college
thats a lot of shirts
I cant belive I watched 6 min of this.. very entertaining.
Really runnin outa content aren’t ya
This 6-minute video felt like 6 hours
He didn’t reuse a single take
How the fuck is this over 6 minutes hahahahaha
stealing is good
Stealing is bad, heard it from my classmate and I also agree with Josh, so yeah stealing is bad.
I can't believe I watched the whole video, but at least I learned that stealing is bad. Thank you Josh.
You know, I’m gonna have to agree with josh
I agree with Gus
Hey. I'm Josh.
There r too many kids in this class.
I think Gus was right on the money here when he said that this is every middle school discussion.
I've never seen that girl before but man, she nailed the middle schooler uncertain/sounding confident tone
XD that’s how my classmate escape from the question XD we don’t raise our hand except that person raise his hand and that’s me XD
FAKE Napoleon Dynamite also agrees that STEALING IS BAD. Including jokes...
I was a minute in and I was like, “No way Gus made a 6.5 min video saying they agree with Josh.” And then you did. Amazing work 😂
I have to agree with Josh on this one
i know this is a new idea, but i heard wat josh said and i think like maybe stealing is like bad
He created a 6 mins about dudes saying they agree with Josh. What's next? Josh is actually Jesus?
Gus Johnson presents. 100 ways to say “I agree with josh”
Welcome to: You just finished a book in English class. Time to talk about something awkward and horrific, or the most obvious shit.  The amount of times we've gone to having to discuss literal wars and borderline political topics, to "So how's this fictional character handling school after living off the traveling trailer life on the road?" Then we jump back to "Is the returning mom abusive?"  No one's gonna say yes when the past few chapters were spent with angsty teen perspectives demonizing a woman dealing with a drunken veteran. I- 💀  And everyone does exactly this shit on the obvious topics, or decide to have a very stilted debate that was clearly put together last night, or a few days prior and half the students forgot what their points were. Don't forget "Oh sorry, I was just stretching"  I'm the kid who actively tries to speak as little as possible cause I didn't ask to deal with that shit. If I did, I would've been in the damn debate class. 💀
Yes josh has a good point stealing is bad
I should've read the title before watching. I was very confused
this is hyper realistic, my name is josh and this video felt like i was back in middle school and the teacher called on me first
Why are there so many students in that class
You forgot the awkward silence where nobody says anything and everybody avoids eye contact
I agree with Josh - the ceiling is mad.
Why am I still watching?  Lol, nice vid
I'm gonna have to go ahead and agree with Gus here that this sketch would not have worked had it been any shorter
are these all his siblings
I don’t know why I watched the whole thing I knew what was happening a minute and a half in
josh sure is lucky to have said it first
I feel like we have been blessed with yet another character in the Gus yt deep lore.. first sven then the blond boy and now this girl (I'm sorry for not knowing their names)
Thought this video would discuss class 😞
Sven is looking fresh doe
middle schooler: 👁👄👁
Just to show that even during a pandemic overcrowding is one of the bigger problems in our schools.
Where is the masks
I liked it when they said stealing is bad
I agree with JOSH
The other day I was thinking about what could be so boring in school that I would just stare at the clock for hours and I remember now thanks. Gonna have to side on Josh with this one.
Yeah I'm
This feels like a prank video where it just keeps going and you always expect it to be over.
Actully I agree with what Josh was saying about stealing being bad.
The kid that play Danganronpa: nah stealing is good
I'm with Josh on this one
Ain’t it the truth
best 6:38 of my life. along with the bass cover of 'one' by kmac
The fact that you made this a six minute video is hilarious
How did gus get the buff girl from the last of us 2
Can we have a head count
Controversy is too risky. I hated those "discussions". Only thing worse were debates over undividing issues, where one group was supposed to defend the shitty side anyway. Just pick an actual good topic ffs.
Now a "how discussions go in college" which is this video but instead of 6 minutes its 20.
"Umm Going off what Josh said"
I agree with Josh. Stealing is bad. Stealing comments is also bad.
When one of them said that “stealing is bad” I felt that 😔
How many students are in this classroom?
Omg
Stealing is wrong. And bad. There should  be a new, stronger word for stealing. Like, bad-wrong... or badong. Yes! Stealing is badong. From this moment on, I will stand for the opposite of stealing:  gnodab.
Should have had the part where someone sneezes and everyone says bless you
anybody else a stealy boi?
Wait, I'm confused. So, is stealing Good or bad?
You forgot about the all important kid that says something completely different to the question like "yeah I ate a car tire once"
Going to 8th grade this year  This is 100% true
This has been every TOK discussion.
I think josh was onto something
Wow a full white class where do u live Texas lmao.
This was still better than the danged discussion posts in college
20 seconds into the video: OK I GET IT!!!
Just to sum up what I think Josh may have been getting into but kind of mulled over pretty quickly and less descriptive than maybe I personally would’ve put it, but basically in a nut shell and for lack of better terminology or phraseology, just in layman’s terms so even the commoner can understand and to put it simply, ya know, break it down Barney style for the ones in the back, if ya know what I mean, no offense, but anyway, in short…  stealing bad.
this video feels longer than the pandemic
Jeez guys, I think Josh might have made a pretty good point here, I think stealing may, in fact, be wrong.
I wonder if this a direct response to looters lol
If I was Josh, and all my classmates agreed with me, specifically stating my name, I could live off that high til I was 60
HOW MANY KIDS ARE IN THIS CLASSROOM!?
Josh 2024
I agree with what josh said basically
5:34 cmon with the shirt dude
That ceiling really is bad
and then the second you hit highschool there’s that one kid that always wants to play devil’s advocate
I also agree with Josh , who mentioned that in relation to stealing, that the act of stealing itself is inherently wrong or as people say bad.
I think it depends on the context of why someone would steel.
Josh has really been engaging in this class very effectively lately and I am going to have to agree with him on the fact that earlier he said that stealing is bad. I as well agree with josh that stealing is indeed bad and should not be done.
If everyone isn't required to speak, then it's only like 3 people talking while the other 27 kids are bored as hell and just wanna go home.  And when everyone wants to move on, everyone just goes silent until the teacher gets the hint to move on, which usually takes 7, awkward, painfully long seconds.
What’s the deal with stealers am I right? Stealing bad
I love this. I used to do this in class
I think this is a sign
Ngl this sketch was kinda lazy, I wonder how you guys weren't bored af.
Can we get "I agree with Josh" merch?
to add on to josh’s statement, i also believe stealing isn’t legal.
*tips fedora* stealing good
drinking game; take a shot everytime someone says Josh.
I agree with josh too.He's got a point
JOSH is the man of the hour
Why not stretch it out to the 10 min mark and cash in that extra dough? Just saying
So today I learned that there's a ginger female version of Gus aaaaaaand    I'm gonna have to agree with Josh on stealing not being so cool.
Vote for Pedro
The funny thing is, this is exactly how every military discussion goes “just to piggyback off of what he said”
How isn’t this trending
my man gus had me sitting here for SIX FUCKING MINUTES!!! I WAS WAITING FOR SOMETHING TO HAPPEN
My god is this accurate
Josh doesn't understand the utopia that is instilled when we defund the police and make all the world a suburb where folks just steal bread ... f@#k I can't do it. Stealing is bad.
I could have watched like another 45 mins of tbh I agree with josh
Someone may have said this already but I think stealing is bad
1:27  I read his shirt and suddenly it hit me.
Does nobody get the underlying joke that they're all stealing Josh's answer that stealing is bad. Gus is a genius, discuss.
I agree with Jack, stealing is bad.
I can’t believe I watched the whole thing.
did i just watch a 6 minute video about people saying that stealing is bad
The way each sentence started was so perfect. This still happens through high school tho
You know, I’d just like to add to Josh’s statement and say that stealing is kinda bad
Lol 6 minutes of this?!
Watching this video was like listening to nails on a chalkboard... And yet I watched all six minutes and thirty-eight seconds of it.  👏😂
Howtowastetimeinclass101
I came to the conclusion that this video was made to see if they could use all their shirts in one video
That "subscribe for more garbage" really hit hard this time
Why did i watch the entire video
I enjoy the MSU shirt on the ridiculously blonde guy.
Thor do be reppin MSU
how do u do this and not ask urself why
I deadass just watched 6 minutes of this 😂 I regret nothing
i dunno if 3:38 is scripted or actually happens but its great ahah
I agree with josh stealing is bad
Funny my name is Josh as well as other 1.3 million people.
As an guest speaker in schools.. this...is... accurate hahahaha
I have to agree with Josh though. The ceiling is bad.
You hit the spot
5:37 sir is your shirt on backwards
I'm just going to say that Josh would be feeling amazing
lot of minnesota rep here. love it
You should make a “Your friend who has seen the movie before” video
Love you Gus, take this down, I get it, it's real long though, doesn't work.  If you're not from the rural midwest it doesn't really land.
Alright, I’m two minutes in, is this it?     Edit: it was, and it was beautiful.
As a kid I often played the devils advocate so I'd roll with really egregious opinions and try to find strong arguments for them which lead to me being compared to Hitler by my classmates.
Can y’all shut the hell up up, I SAID STEALING WAS Rad. And not being a cool kid in high school (more than a decade ago), this makes me feel like a turd that was pushed out with violent volition against being cool. To say the least, stealing is rad, and poopin is silly
This joke went on way too long and wasn’t even that funny. But I like this video anyway lmao
Such creative content... I love it!
cant believe I just watched 6 minutes of the same thing being said
It all kinda changes in high school and suddenly it feels like everyone has actually formed their own opinions.
i was waiting for the Devils Advocate kid
Plot twist: they all stole Josh's answer.
Script? No.   Costume changes? Yes!
Did I really just watch a video of the same responses for 6 minute and 38 seconds
I forgot who josh is
This physically hurts.
How many students are in that class?
you’d think there’d be a point where the teachers runs out of kids to choose on
Is that a 6th Johnson?
Are they all siblings? Are they all siblings?
Does gus have a sister or am I an idiot
This video stole my time and that's bad
Owww you stole what I was going to say
the perfect procrastination video
Why did you make a 15 second joke 6 minutes long?
Guys the joke is that we still watched the whole video
Then I noticed that napoleon dynamite was in that video
I agree with Josh, hit the nail on the head.
I can't believe how long this went on
Imagine Josh at the end saying:”Actually when I think about it,stealing is MF good”.
"Drink apple juice 'cause OJ will kill you"
Y'know, I like what you were thinking josh.
Sorry, I still don’t know if stealing is good or not. Can they reach a consensus?
Anyone else notice the “vote for Pedro” shirt
I just watched this and Josh, I think, was right in saying that stealing is indeed, bad.
3:00 I  WANT THAT T-SHIRT! !!
When no one did the homework except one person:
This felt like the longest 6:38 seconds of my life
Is this a 6 minute video of people saying stealing is bad
There are quite a few students in this class huh
I didn't laugh a single time, but I still watched the whole video.
So uh yeah I have to agree with Josh on this one stealing is not that good I believe stealing is bad like Josh
I thought it would have been funny if the teacher said something like, "It's nice to see you all backing up Josh, but actually, you're all wrong and can thank Josh for your Fs on this discussion." And then someone chucks their backpack at josh.
Then God said unto Josh “Robin Hood Bitch”.
Stealing is bad  Also America 1776:
this is the biggest class i have ever seen
Stealing isn't, like, right?... But I don't know though.
I just wanna say, without being too pretentious, that stealing is not a very good societal practice. It does not have a good impact on either party in the long run and is just plain bad.  I would have to agree here with what Josh put forth: a bold and concise statement. Stealing is bad.  But that's just my opinion.
They were running out of shirts lol
Alternative title: Stealing is wrong Alternative alternative title: I agree with Josh
Damn Sven is an absolute CHAD
Robbers: OK
I’ve never had so many people agree with me before. Damn
Why is this so accurate? 😂
Can we just talk about one of the shirts the blonde dude was wearing and it said "drink apple juice because of OJ will kill you"
I skipped the middle of the video and I still think that I have a good idea of what happened 😂😂
The other blonde guy looks like napoleon dynamite
In highschool however... *cHaoS*
Vote for Pedro
6:08 ..i just saved 6min of your time yw
I wish i had support Josh has
I'm gonna go against the grain here and say that stealing is uh, bad.
Their wig budget is higher than usual
Wait so is stealing bad or good I’m confused
I don't agree with josh and stealing is wrong
no wonder people don't know how to argue / debate
I have though about leaving so many times but I'm perserveiring
Unpopular Opinion: I think when Josh said 'stealing is bad,' he was right.
Gus is such an icon for comedy no cap✨💕🙃
Yeah i agree with josh stealing is bad
Take a shot every time someone says Josh
How the hell did you stretch this out to 6 mins
so uhh i was just gonna say i agree with gus, this is usually how middle school discussions go so uhh yeah
this video really has me questioning whether or not stealing is bad just because they keep saying it, like “is it actually so bad??”
The video goes until everyone runs out of shirts
I really just watched a 6 min video of people agreeing with josh
has anyone counted how many people are in this class?
I feel like I’m being brain washed
x2
“Stealing is wrong”
You could've told me that this video was 30 minutes long after watching it and I would believe you.
As a teacher, this is 100% accurate.
Jeah, I wanna say I'm with Josh. In my opinion stealing is bad.
If this were more realistic there would be about 10 seconds of silence after he said the question
It’s nice to know people finally agree with me for once
Just to tack on to what Josh was saying, in my personal experience with stealing, I've found it to be bad, so yeah I agree that stealing is bad.
Who is this Josh kid and why do they not like stealing
Middle school? This has been my college experience.
I watched the entire video waiting for someone to say that stealing is good
This video has more costume changes than Lady Gaga at the VMAs
Getting full credit by talking at least 2 times they say.
is no one gonna talk about the oj simpson shirt Thor was wearing
Why did I watch this whole thing?😂
is there just an army of Johnson kids
what did we learn with the video guys?....... i don't relly know i was looking at the amizing gus johnson merch!! :D
Gus looks like a Gus
I uhhh I think ummmm I agree with what uh josh said... it kinda resonated with um me
I'd like to just bring it back to the important point Josh made earlier..
I kind of want to show this to my sixth graders
Why you gotta bring back bad memories?!
i was waiting, and waiting for it to turn, and then 6 minutes in, i thought i got it, but i was wrong again
I have depression and I think stealing is bad.
ok, hear me out. I really think, with nothing but love, support, and compassion, that what Josh said really connected to me and I truly believe that stealing is bad.
or high school discussions. or college discussions. intellectuals
As a Josh myself, YES. I WAS ALWAYS THE ONE TO ANSWER FIRST. IT FEELS LIKE THIS CHANNEL IS CUSTOM MADE FOR ME.
I wish I was Josh );
Why did I watch this entire video
Josh be like: I see no God up here.....OTHER THEN ME
Gotta get those participation points somehow
How is this over 6 minutes long?
Stealing is baad.. m'kay, so don't do it cause it's bad, m'kay
I can relate because i went to school
I don't wanna jump to any conclusion but i think stealing is bad.
Dam this class got like 100 people
There likely would of been someone saying... "Well what are you stealing? There a good and bad time to steal for example, teacher we should steal from the government, what are they going to do? Shoot childr- wait."
Been in work meetings exactly like this...
That’s a big class
Idk, why but I think stealing is bad
Where's the 10-hour version
ahh, my humour
What about the little plush they’d have you throw to the person who was up after you to signify their status as speaker
how many kids are in this class lol
meanwhile, when i do a discussion: "Well, I could argue stealing is good because...[insert a decent argument here]" and then everyone in my class attacks my opinion by saying three to five words without much leverage. Basically I was attacked by short range pistols when I was riding a god damn tank.  In short, I was the king of History Class and a grand Duke for English Class.
Watching the whole video was worth it
Josh is right I guess
wow this was literally the first thing that came to mind when I read the title and as always Gus doesn't disappoint lmao
I think stealing is good? 🤔
Having a class discussion on stealing is just a pop quiz from what you learned about stealing from kindergarten.
4:52 it's a shirt that says "Shrute Farm Beets"!
Hey Gus! Make this a shirt! "Stealing is wrong." -Josh (I'd buy it...)
I love how the teacher isn't okay with sitting in a chair backwards, but is just fine with sunglasses and open shirts in the class!
I also agree with josh on the fact that stealing is bad
The LONGEST joke ever. I'm out.
Nah its more like "What do you think about stealing"  *silence*  "Okay I think we think that stealing is wrong, yea?"  *some people say yeah quietly and some nod*  Or at least that's what I experienced
This is year six of online college for me.  I kinda hate you for reminding me of the nightmare that awaits me this semester.
Ah yes josh, A wise man
i agree with josh that stealing is bad
Dedication to the joke but in all honesty is be the guy to throw in "it's an easier way to get resourses. Animals steal each other's kills all the time. But all the outfit changes killed me you guys rock
What's with all the Minnesota paraphernalia?
Yep EVERY... SINGLE... TIME...
Like, why should we even like, listen to, like sitting here listenening to like gus, when like Josh is so right like, you know what I mean?
Gus Joshson
I would like to play devil's advocate.
I'm gonna have to agree with Gus here, I feel the same way about school discussions
Wait, so is stealing bad or not?
This is the content I subscribed for.
Nobody in my middle school classes ever said anything at all in discussions and it was so uncomfortable that I wish this was an accurate depiction of my experience
Gus share the viewing statistics on this please. Love it!
orange you glad i didn’t say banana!
Those were the longest 6 minutes of my life
6 minutes of my life wasted
Jesus this was exhausting to sit through. So, yes, 100% accurate.
Never seen something so wrong
I've just gotta say, and I'm kinda just spitballing here, but what Josh said earlier today, really smart. I have to agree with Josh on this one.
Guys I think stealing is probably bad? Not sure though
I like the shirt changes including students wearing the teacher’s shirt 😂 some of my favorites were Shrute farms and Vote for Pedro
What did I just watch
You forgot the kid who was just stretching
everyone in this class kinda stole josh’s answer. i just feel like that is wrong.
Josh do be super wise though   Also what am I doing with my life watching this whole video
1 minute and 30 seconds into the video I thought it was over. Boy was I wrong.
I'm pleased to have had such a positive reception.
We get it Gus, you own more than one shirt. Stop flaunting your wealth.
Your vids aren’t garbage 🗑 they’re great and stealing is bad so I agree with josh
Those isn't a good video, but at least it doesn't lie
I dont remember what josh said but I think stealing is bad
This is terrifyingly accurate
This was such a boost to my ego
IN JOSH WE TRUST
Jesus, not a single person stopped to acknowledge what josh said.
i agree with josh
My dumb private uni was like this bro
Release the script
This video has no right to be this long lmaoo
Show me one middle schooler that says "hit the nail on the head" and "right out of the gate" and then I'll believe this. Almost got it, bud. Very good.
Josh really got a good nail in when he said stealing is bad. I have no choice but to support his statement.
But, does the teacher agree with Josh?
This happens any time the teacher wants to open a discussion in which one answer would definitely be controversial and the other would be very easy to defend. Stop asking hard questions. I don’t want to have deep thoughts, have conflicted feelings or say something that might offend anyone (but especially the teacher).
if it's a chain it's free reign
That's a big ass class.
They all stole Josh’s idea But I’m gonna have to agree with Josh on this one
josh is me i am josh yes hello
I think that the guy named Josh in this video made a good point, in saying that stealing is bad. I absolutely agree with him and would go as far as to add that I don't agree with stealing either and I don't not believe in not stealing all the time and people who steal shouldn't do it 'cause it's bad, because stealing is bad. Like Josh said.
This one was not that good. Too long and predictable
i would pay for a video that’s just the teacher gus saying “mhm” and stuff like that.
Stealing is good because it gives a sense of dominance over the person who just got stolen. If my teammates can steal from me. Then it is my duty to steal from them....             Nevermind its bad
Im from a non english speaking country and i actually learn 30+ way to say "i agree with... ." Thanks gus, this is educational
I only made it to the end because my survival instincts kicked in after 2min and I zoned out completely, just like in class.
people who had their hands up for (what feels like) hours - teachers : ignore people stretching - teachers : yes, what do you have to say
How many students r there really? Lmao
no ENTP in that classroom, huh
Josh came for 6 minutes straight that day
you forgot about the kid who is aggressively racist for some reason
i know all the comments are saying this but, y’all should follow gus on twitter
Where did you film this? The setting makes it 1000x more hilarious
How could this 6 minutes video could felt like 2 hours long
I never heard my name so much in 1 video... my name is joshua
I wish I could attain even half of Josh's IQ
Steal from corporations. Support small businesses.
as a middle schooler, i can say this is accurate
What basically happens in every other Philosophy class
Gus Johnson and his 40 siblings
"Robin Hood!" *drops mic and leaves the classroom*
I don’t know guys, stealing isn’t all bad
POV: You’re reading comments while they’re agreeing with josh
Anyone else feel that an eternity went by as they finished the video?
I was really just thinking to myself for a while and I came to the conclusion that Josh was 100% correct when he said stealing was bad
Did I just....
Yeah I will have to DISAGREE with Josh no I'm just joking Josh couldn't have worded it better
This coulda been a one min video but still got a good giggle out of it
Best part about this is how long it makes 6 and half minutes feel, just like class discussions
Oh my god, Josh totally stole my answer. I was going to say that stealing is wrong, I'd have to say.
Congrats for whasting my time : )
Yup... Josh is 100% correct. Stealing is actually a sin according to Jesus Christ.
When you make a comment about a comment....
Profound
Pretty impressed that he managed to make this video 6mins long
This crap continues through high school.
You can see that 1.6k people didn't go to middle school.
Spot on
Remember when you finally noticed that this was happening every single time so you just decided to say nothing because there’s no point, and then you ended up losing marks for not participating? ME TOO.
I had to watch this entire thing to remember what school is like.
Much like everything else in middles school this felt like an eternity and made me feel uncomfortable
this is the biggest fucking class I've seen
Im too high for this shit
Dislikes came from people who disagreed with Josh.
Class discussions? This is how my essays went in middle school too, same point over and over no new evidence!
this class is freaking huge, man
I actually agree with Josh’s morals. Stealing is really bad and I would have to concur.
Josh dude you're 1000% right dude. Stealing IS bad. Thanks Josh for bringing that great point.
Oh the joke is that they are stealing his answer
I just watch nearly 6 minutes of different ways to saying I agree with Josh
They are saying stealing is bad. Every. Single. One. But they ARE *stealing the ideas.*
6 minutes...
Professor: ...and 25% of your grade will be participation.  The class:
I thought there was gonna be that one kid who’s like “what if you have to steal food to feed your family, or medicine if someone is sick and you can’t afford it?”
wrong, middle school is where you find out some classmates are republicans lol
Comparable to teen girls' social media trends
and then the teacher makes someone bring up a new point, then the process is repeated
The backwards lime green shirt had me in stitches
Garth sure looks younger
Josh
It's funny cause now a days teachers want you to do that
In 8th grade, they gave us like one, one piece of paper, on the Roe vs. Wade case, and then asked us to read it for hw. And the next day they asked us to split into pro choice vs. pro life. And tbh I felt like we were just coralled into groups to spend an entire hour saying "no you" to each other. Ofc this generation of kids are more woke but what are preteens coming from families that are petrified of the sex talk going to even know or say about abortion? Lmao.  Note: I don't want a debate on abortion in the comments section. I just wanted to recant on how ridiculous it is to expect kids who are just going through puberty to have an opinion on something very sex ed related.
could have been 4 minutes shorter
as a former middle schlooler i think im gunna have to go with josh on this one tbh.
I actually think stealing is bad and agree with josh
Alternate title: reddit threads be like
What about that one kid who always tries to prove everyone wrong
Damn, Thor has a thick neck
Laundry must have been a bitch after this sketch
I'm gonna have to agree Gus here, this is how class discussions went in middle school
Yeah, I was really just going to add on to what josh was saying, like, that stealing is bad, you know?
Bruh this goes on for 6 whole fucking minutes lol
I'd just like to say I also agree with josh.
When Josh said that "stealing was bad" I felt that.
I agree and disagree, I see what you mean but I don’t think so
I completely condone Josh's opinion, that stealing is bad
Thanks, Josh.
I agree with josh, stealing is bad
Yeah, so basically... I think that Josh had some really valuable input. It was so valuable that it would be nice if people didn't steal it. And yeah... stealing isn't a good thing to do.
College classes where discussion is mandatory
Video starts at 0:00
At what point did you realise this was the whole joke?
I think this transcends middle school. this is how 'discussions' in _all_ of public schooling go.
I think Josh said it better than I ever could, but yeah... stealing is bad. I agree with Josh.
The holding his arm up with his other hand while raising his hand is everything
This happened to me before because calculators went missing My answer: “As much as my moral compass is telling me to say stealing is a negative occurrence, my strong desire to stray away from crowds and popular opinion is telling me to say that stealing is not as much of a negative as everyone makes it up to be.” I was the teacher’s favourite so I was safe
¿KO
As a teacher I can confirm this is accurate?
I gotta be honest with you guys. I think Josh bought up some really good points. When It comes to stealing I gotta say that I support Josh 110%.
Robin Hood
If the ceiling is bad just fix it!!1 instead of talking about it! THANK YOU NEXT!
This is scarily accurate
Oh, in my school the teacher would divide the class in two groups, one pro and one against, to discuss if stealing is good or bad.  Being in the pro communism group changed me forever, това́рищ.
i feel like my loyalty was tested and I passed by watching it all
Why are the Johnson's shoulders built like Phil Jackson
It depends on where you steal from
Yeah, Josh really got it right there, good on Josh. But uhhh, yeah I'm not that big a fan of stealing, think it's kinda bad
This video felt like it was 30 minutes long
I agree with Josh, stealing is bad
No way this went for 6 minutes and 18 seconds
Trying to get those participation points lol.
You're missing the girl way in the back nobody called on, but is going to tell you her opinion anyway.
I like the part where they support the fact that stealing is bad
Yea I’m gonna have to go with josh too on this one. Stealing is bad
Hey has anyone mentioned how this is like any college discussion board
and highschool
*laughs in doing anything different than everyone else
You know what I think stealing is bad
6 minutes of this?
there should be a ten hour version of this
My take away from this highly educational and intellectual video: Stealing is bad.
I made it a personal goal to watch the whole video
I like the part where they said “I agree with josh”
Yeah i was just ganna leave a comment to sya that Josh said basically what i was ganna say, yeah, so uhh, like, yeah, i think stealing is bad.
I watched the whole video cuz that’s how bored I am
🙏 Wisconsin
This was painful to watch
I swear I will associate the name "Josh" with "stealing" now
What josh said really had an impact on me and i completely agree with him so like I agree that stealing is bad
I am about to start something,   I disagree with josh.
He made us watch 6 minutes of this... That's genius.
If this is all garbage who is the trash can 🗑
Being named Josh, this is oddly validating as well as accurate and I was just gonna say that I have to agree with what other Josh said and that stealing is definitely, like... bad. Like you just shouldn’t do it. You should not do it.
I’m so surprised people hardly noticed the Vote for Pedro shirt.
once again thor is the star of the video we love to see it
Where was the know it all kid that tries to be unique by disagreeing with everyone
I don't know where I weigh in on this whole stealing issue but that blonde haired dude has great taste in shirts
As a middle schooler I’m going to agree with Gus on this video
When Josh said, “stealing is wrong,” I felt that.
Yeah so I'm gonna have to agree with Josh on this one too, stealing is just bad
i can’t believe he managed to keep that going for 6 minutes
If you say stealing is sometimes not wrong the teacher calls your parents you can't win
how many students are in this class wtf
Plot twist:they all grow up to be criminals with Josh as their leader
there’s like 4 of gus but in different fonts
im going to have to agree with josh. I believe that stealing in fact, is bad.
Did i really just watch the same people say the same thing in different clothes for like 6th minutes?
As a Josh this is very accurate
This is kinda what josh said but I think stealing is bad
Oh wow they're really doing this for six and a half minutes. Art.
You forgot the part when the teacher calls on a kid but he was “just stretching”
Man, Josh really hit the nail on the head when he said stealing is bad, you really gotta give it up for Josh
My adhd won't allow me to finish watching this video
Zoom breakout rooms be like
This had no business being 6 minutes long yet im happy it was
3:12                                 (i dont like you)
Sounds like when teachers asks us to type our answers in zoom chat
I like how everybody was stealing Josh's answer
I agree with Josh stealing is bad
I believe josh also said to subscribe to Gus Johnson...
I know this is kinda controversial, so just to play the devils advocate here,  stealing is bad.
Yeah I’m 100% with josh on this one, stealing is bad.
Call me crazy but I kinda agree with josh on that one
literally just online university class discussions
33 students. Good class size
I agree that stealing is bad
I don’t know how many times I’ve heard the name “Josh” at this point I don’t even consider it a name, it’s just sounds people use.
I'm gonna post this on Facebook with the caption "Hey, check out this video I made!"
Josh stole the words right outta my mouth
Cant relate, my class argued about everything 🤣
its funnier if you think there are just 4 students in the class
*college
I can't stop thinking of Jawsh
this was a long video for how much content was in it, kinda dookied this one
Well... that’s six minutes of my life I’m not getting back
Those were the biggest 6 minutes and 38 seconds of my life
Personally I think stealing is great and that we should steal from Josh
You nailed the two kids that go at the same time.
How can that girl look like Gus and still be so pretty? 🤔😅
Umm josh is 100 percent right when he said that stealing is bad. I very much agree.
Why did I watch this whole thing 😂
I agree with me too
As a middle schooler I just want to agree with what Josh said. I think that stealing is the wrong thing to do.
This is what happens when a teacher asks a question that has an obvious answer. There's no other real take on it and everyone needs participation points, so all the students just try to reword it differently to satisfy the teacher's expectations so they can get their grade. This happened in high school and even college too.
Gotta say I agree with Josh on this one. Ceiling is bad
Love you josh
I think this class has more people than my entire school
the vote for pedro shirt the realest part of this video
josh is right, stealing is bad
Uh yeah I think I agree with Josh stealing is very bad...
10 years Later:   Josh went on to graduate college with honors and solved global crime (especially stealing)
I agree with josh o our stealing is bad
I love the part when he says stealing bad
The way he raised his hand at 1:27 brought back memories
Josh might be a genius
It’s kinda cool how they have schools for octuplets. I’ll keep that school in mind for when I have 4 sets of octuplets someday
I'm not from America. I'm not even from an english school. But some-fucking-how this is dead accurate.
This is brutally slow and repetitive. Am I being punished?
Frankly on the presented topic of "Stealing", I'm gonna have to refer back to the statement of my fellow classmate Josh. Stealing Is indeed abhorrent.
Nah this are college discussion boards
Random fact:           90% of the people skipped most of the vid
i agree with josh
In my Army BLC class, participation in class discussions counts towards your overall grade. So these grown ass adults would spend 10 minutes repeating each other just to be seen to be participating. Or, they would preform a 3 hour long soliloquy about the most basic take you could have on a subject.
I’m josh’s brother, Stephen and I think that josh is a stinky little liar and therefore I think that he thinks stealing is good so therefore, stealing is good.
Nah, this is middle school we're talking about. Pretty sure they'd all be agreeing that stealing is good.  Also nobody broke anything for 6 whole minutes? Come on. I'm starting to think Gus isn't even a real middle schooler!
Stealing is good. _Fight me_
ceiling is bad
Yeah imma have to agree with what Josh said.
This isn't accurate at all! There's waaaaaaay too many kids in the class room! LOL
This was the longest short video I've ever seen.
Plot twist: Josh got the answer wrong. Stealing is okay
I'm in middle School and this is entirely accurate for the most part other than the times when everyone is arguing with no purpose for an argument
halfway through the vid,  cannot wait for the punchline
The backwards shirt was the most upsetting part of this video
Is there anything better to watch at 3 am when you are in the state between conscience and absolutely insane
I am going to have to agree with Gus, his point about school discussions was very good.
When participation is 50% of the grade.
Half the words in the video is Josh
I too, fully and utterly support Josh in his enlightend statement that stealing is in fact bad.
I genuinely had this happen today
Stealing is bad. And wrong. There should be a newer, stronger word for stealing.
this happens well into college to be honest. Having everyone express their opinions would be great if they actually had something interesting to say
2020: stealing is ok because racism or some shit
Alternate title: Half the comments section of literally any online argument
Goodness, class sizes have gotten so large recently.
Damn, how many kids were in your middle school
I had an experience where someone stole my wallet from me. And that's when I kind of learned that stealing isn't very good and everyone should be open-minded about this
Some of those naughty people in Portland and Seattle don't agree with Josh
I have to agree with Josh on this one, stealing is kind of ungood
You know what... I think stealing is bad... Just ah My opinion
In society, it is frowned upon when one steals....so yeah. I agree with Josh.
Did you just
I agree with his class of 35 maybe 38 if you count the ones at 2:12, 3:12, and 6:34. Anyways to add on to what Josh was saying I agree stealing is bad m'kay.
When you check the video time and there's a solid 5 minutes of this left and you just buckle the fuck up.
I too, agree with Josh.
Yeah, to add to what josh was saying stealing is pretty darn bad.
These are some old ass looking middle schoolers
Stealing is good.
Is anyone gonna talk about why there are so many people in that class?
josh stole what i was gonna say, which is that its bad
Wait, Don't we all agree what Josh said?
Gus dragged this on way longer than it should be.  I think that's the most humorous part about this.
congrats on the 6min video where you create a character played by yourself where everyone else just tells you that youre correct and smart the whole time lol
It keeps going xD
I’m showing my students this.
I'm have to agree with josh for the most part,stealing is bad EXCEPT if it's from hobby lobby bc they're homophobic.
This class is enourmous
This video is infinite
I think I gotta agree with Josh on this one, this video is pretty long
I hate Josh and I disagree with everything he stands for....just because I hate him.
Bonus points if instead the teacher just passive aggressively freaks out on the class after any more than 2 people answer kind of similarly
SO just to sort of bounce off of what Josh stated previously, I too think it is pretty uncool to steal. SO, in other words, I would agree with Josh and say stealing is bad. Again just to let everyone here know I believe stealing is bad and what Josh said earlier was 100% correct and it was pretty cool of Josh to say so.
Stealing is bad
Unpopular opinion. I disagree with Josh
Imagine making the "beating a dead horse" aphorism, and somehow making it funnier and funnier as it get pummuled to obliteration. jfc well done johnson siblings 👏👏👏😂🤣❤️
I'm just gonna play devil's advocate here and say what if stealing actually isn't that bad?
They got the whole family!
Wheres the part where the portion of kids that do steal rally with the kid that explains product insurance of big businesses to the class or was this just my school
2 minutes into this video I was thinking “no way this bit goes for 4 more minutes”, but man was I wrong. Also I agree with Josh. Stealing is wrong.
Im in 8th, this is every discussion
But then there's always that one asshole who tries to play devils advocate
Disagreeing with Josh means you'll go to hell
4:55 I need that shirt
the point was funny but like 6 minutes for the punch line is a bit much at least for me but back to what Josh said yeah stealing isn't good.
its funny how i just watched four people say stealing is bad for like 5 minutes straight
Where's the "I'm just gonna play devil's advocate" guy??
Another path you could’ve taken was that when the teacher asks for other people’s discussions, the entire class would stare blankly at the teacher. The teacher then says, “don’t make me choose someone” and then no one speaks up and the teacher then chooses someone. Just like the teacher said they would.
Yeah no... A bit effortless with or without the wardrobe changes
I’m not looking forward to this
This is 6 and a half minutes of people changing shirts
Sven is looking fresh — the skinny white boy appreciation community
It’s scary how accurate this is.
It’s because everyone wants the credit for participation
I would say you’re not properly socially distancing, but something gives me the feeling that a couple of actors are playing more than one part
This was so unbearable yet I sat through every second
Yeah I'd just like to piggyback on what Josh said earlier.
Oh God I can't tell you how spot on this is.
I hate how long this is but I still would rewatch it all
I stand with Josh
"The ceiling is bad"
Idk about you guys but I also agree stealing is bad and that josh said it best
You forgot the "can i use the bathroom" in the middle
I watched it to the end, and felt like I was going mad. Lol
Wow 😧 can't believe everyone stole joshs answer like that
Yeah I have to agree with josh, I too think stealing is bad
You know there was a quote in this video that everyone should truly take to heart “stealing is bad”-Josh. I personally agree with this.
Guys I think Sven and Gus are brothers, oh and stealing is bad
There are certain circumstances when stealing and other petty crimes become essential to those with no opportunity to accumulate capital for basic needs but for the most part I agree with Josh.
I sat through this whole video. I need to get a hobby
5 mins in and i only just realised the irony of everyone 'stealing' Josh's answer by saying stealing is bad
wait, the bible said that stealing is bad? i didn't know that, sorry, i guess i need to stop then
I wish I could have interesting discussions
idk guys I think Josh is right
i'm not so sure they all totally agree with Josh...
who else 2x the video just to be sure if there is any laugh in the video
I have 40 god damn students in this 24 student classroom
Yeah see when Josh said stealing is bad that was really an intelligent thing to say and I couldn't agree more
AAAAAHHHHHH
Glad everyone agrees with me
From a Josh myself I feel like I need to get this off my chest... stealing is bad
As a man named josh, I would just like to say this is a huge ego boost for me
I just watched 6 minutes of the same thing said in different ways by different people...
If I stole Josh, would that be bad?
i mean josh like i agree but also unless it’s from billionaires and the 1% but yeah otherwise i think josh got it good
Me and my non existent split personalities be like
The greatest minds of the century debating it out
Moral of the story is trust Josh no matter what. and who ever disagrees will.... well let's say go away for a long time.
I’m watching this and feel like I’m in the twilight zone
Bruh, you really could have made this skit two minutes long. What happened?
when the charector creater only has a few options for body type
Wow, I saw that punchline coming 5 minutes ago
Back in middle school, I was kinda the funny kid that wasn’t too social and didn’t know how to read the room and just said what I thought.   Everyone: “Stealing is bad” Me: “But if stealing is bad, what if you’ve stolen stuff before...?”
Napoleon dynamite
Finally, you wear sports apparel with a team I can get behind. Go Twins Go!
I used to be the kid who always said the opposite when the whole class agreed on something. A similar debate happened where the teacher asked if a person's external beauty determines their value. I myself don't think it does but since I saw the whole class saying the same thing I decided to drag it out and argue against all of them. lol And the whole class plus the teacher just went "FUck you Walter! You always have to go against the whole class don't you!?" and I was actually kinda caught off guard by that statement but I found it so funny how they were just acting like they were tired of my bullshit.  Ahh, good memories. This video gave me some nostalgia.
For someone arguing that stealing is bad, his name sure stole a lot of that time in class dangit
Its funny cause they are stealing Josh's answer.
Honestly I gotta agree with my main man Josh
I just watched this 6 min long video without skipping and it was a 5 star experience
I heard my name to many times.
Can we talk about what Josh said
You guys had class discussions in middle school? Land of the free, am I right? I had to wait till high school for free discussions to be a thing in class, here in India
This feels forever long... just like these classes
the most accurate part of this video is sven's haircut
True
You forgot to put, "like" after every other word
Yeah I think josh is correct.
Get used to it, folks. This is basically how it goes in college too!
6 minutes video that feels like an hour, i wanted it to end so badly but i didnt want to wuss out by fowarding it
there will always be that one kid who has a different opinion than the others
The video was nice. But you just kept dragging the video longer. Come on man...... after a time it started getting boring
Wow, that was a total waste of my time  10/10 would watch again
As someone named josh I feel very appreciated after watching this
Josh must be pretty smart since everyone agrees with him
Wait, I didn’t know they had a sister
just backflipping off of josh here, i think that stealing is bad.
What about the person just stretching?
Josh truly is a modern philosopher. I had never really thought about before but Josh has opened my eyes and now I realize that stealing is definitely bad.
Man, this is still how my highschool discussions go
Is stealing good?
You know, I’m starting to think stealing may in fact actually be bad.
Pov: you watched the entire video
After 0:25 i knew what whole video will be, and its amazing Every new iteration of agreeing with Josh just increased my face muscle pain from smiling
Sorry, couldn’t hear them. Is stealing bad?
More like high school now.
I am currently in middle school and this is extremely accurate
Stealing is good.
I feel my class is being personally attacked
Josh is now the most popular guy in school
I agree with josh
I like the part when it says stealing is bad
Damn Gus is electric. You can't take your eyes off of him when he's on screen. Absolute talent.
This is 2 accurate
Can we just appreciate that this went on for six minutes.. That is the true genius behind this sketch...
how is this video funny ?
As the other more mature Josh in class I feel stealing is sometimes extremely justifiable.
you didnt go to my middle school
I agree with Josh Stealing is bad
Bro Josh is like so smart that I just have to agree stealing is bad
So acurate
"just playing devils advocate, but um facts and logic seem to indicate here that stealing *is* good"
Unrealistic, there’s always a devil’s advocate!
Jesus 6 minutes
Josh kinda has a point
Beautiful Comendey
i can confirm that my high school and college discussions are also like this
Halfway through the video and realized there was only 4 people. VFX is insane these days
I watched the whole thing...
The laundry hamper after this video. 👕👕👕👕👕👕👕👕👕👕👕👕👕👕👕👕👕👕👕👕👕👕👕👕👕👕👕👕👕👕👕👕👕👕🙃
I believe this video was approximately 3 minutes and 22 seconds too short. I don't think it quite got the point across. Does anyone else have thoughts on the matter?
How long did it take to figure out how many ways there were to say that you agree with Josh?
Then they get to high school
Jeez laweez
This is so truthful
I remember when I was in middle school, we had a group discussion to review a previous group discussion. I made the point that everyone just agreed with eachother without contributing anything, and literally everyone just agreed with that point.
I was 30 seconds into this video when I said “imagine they just go on for an uncomfortable amount of time”     And then I checked the video length...
Reddit threads be like.
right click -> loop (you're welcome)
.... but stealing is good tho
Right, I'm going throw my hat in the ring here, too. Y'all know me, so it should probably come as no surprise that I'm gonna side with those of us who think stealing is bad. Yeah, it's probably a little obvious of me, but how I feel is how I feel, so... yeah.
This is to accurate
am in middle school can confirm 😼😼
Even Gus with his moustache is believable as a middle schooler, but Sven looks too old?
Ok stealing is bad but like let me play devils advocate for a second...
Lmao this is how discussions went in highschool for me
My god this goes on for *6 fricking minutes*
Dude really sat us here agreeing with Josh
Stealing Josh’s Idea. Posers
Really? Not a single person who has the guts to act as the contrarian even if just to make it a more fun discussion?!  Guess my school years were quite different then. We always had very lively debates to the point where teachers had to try and calm us down; and they usually extended past the end of the lesson too.
Good to see Hanne getting into the family business
Pastor says stealing is the devil's fig leaf.
Same
Imma have to agree with josh on this one
How fricken big is this classroom?
Josh has the iq of The smartest man alive with such a statement, it was so spot on, and he really just had so many facts in it ngl. Love to see how smart josh really is
Could have watched that for ten hours
I was waiting for the one commie fanatic that every middle school had to pipe up and say “STEALING FROM THE BOURGEOIS IS YOUR RIGHT! YOUR LABOR BELONGS TO YOU AND YOUR NATION COMRADE, NOT THOSE WHO WOULD HOARD IT FOR THEMSELVES! OVERTHROW THE RICH COMR
Why does 4:04 Gus look like a Carribean drug lord
josh’s words had really resonated with me and the intention in his statement is just far from dishonest, so i would have to say that I in fact concur
This video is 35 years long
Yeah have to give it to Josh that stealing is bad cant disagree with that
Did I mention stealing is bad
Hi
Why did I watch this whole video
MSU BASKETBALL REPRESENT!
this is like 6 minuets of the same people saying i agree
Hell yeah. I’m right. stealing is bad.
I agree
Hold up, how many people are in this class?
Nobody can steal this skit now eh?
I usually like everything Gus does, but this is just 6 minutes of people saying stealing is wrong, this should have been like 30 seconds, this is just letting a joke go one for way to long
Well, on the contrary, I think stealing is bad.
So no one else had that one edge lord who'd say "actually, stealing is GOOD" as like a joke, while smirking? Then either their friend group would laugh/snicker, or everyone would awkwardly just ignore it and move on agreeing with the most popular opinion?
Forgot about the band kid that ironically says stealing is good to try to be funny
I dunno about you guys but i think josh got a point
Purple glasses middle schooler actually said exactly what i was about to say right before i said it.
The fact that this goes on for 6 minutes is just sheer commitment
I had to watch it at 2x speed to see if the whole thing was just people agreeing with josh, but the farther i got into it, i could see why, and i can really get behind what josh was saying
I don’t think anyone said this yet but stealing is bad.
Love ur content but this could have been 2 minutes literally thought I accidentally rewinded the video half way through
Them online college discussion boards tho lol
So glad everyone agrees with my stance.
Nowadays stealing is apparently fine as long as everyone else around you is also stealing. For some reason.
According to joshes statement about thus subject i would like to agree to said statement, when he said “stealing is bad” i would agree to what has been said becouse it is bad and he shows greatly on that meaning and subject and not only is it bad it is very wrong and wrong is a other word for bad and not good but  josh said it in simpler terms so everyone could understand that it is bad.
Sooo, anyways like Josh was saying
that joke went on for way too long jeez
This went on  FOR SIX MINUTES  SIX FUCKING MINUTES
You know I got to agree with Josh on this one. Stealing is definitely bad. Like no bueno
Guys... you do know Josh has Kleptomania... right?
Then the teacher says “just playing devils advocate here...”
How many people are In this class
This video made me so irate... I’m gunna go steal some shit!
I forgot who Josh even is.
in mine it was just. silence. and then one person who can barely think of a sentence going on for 5 minutes and theyve said like 4 words and 3 were “i like uhm”
Honestly they could legit just be reusing the same footage and I would have no idea this is messing with my head
had to skip thru to see if gus was indeed milking this joke for six and a half minutes he is
This goes on for *wayy* too long.
I'm a senior in high school and it still goes like this.
I agree with Josh that stealing is immoral and wrong to do
HOW MANY SHIRTS
why tf did this have to be so long?!!?
Are these all your siblings?
Who is the girl?
Ah yes, the flashbacks of me being forced to single handedly justify the Mexican-American War.         And winning.
Honestly? I'm usually not the biggest fan of what he has to say or his general opinion on most things but in this instance? Yeah I gotta hand it to him, I agree with Josh.
Totally agree with josh here I think it’s bad
The video in a nutshell- STEALING IS BAD!!!!
How many students in that class tho? Is it a college course lol?
I wanna see this guy go off in a  r/roastme page
My teacher would leave the room and let everyone split into groups that agree or disagree with the topic and then we would all yell at each other for all of class
that one class with 216 students
What a rhetorical skit, such an elaborate concept. The students are stealing Josh's idea. They're reinforcing Josh's brilliancy. What great friendship.
Im going to have to agree with josh
We all agree with Josh?
Did anyone else notice the shirt that said "Drink apple juice 'cause OJ will kill you."?
Where’s the one that doesn’t have an answer so the teacher waits a good couple of minutes for them to come up with one and then says “We’ll come back to you later.”
I think I'd have to agree with Josh on this except not only is it bad but also wrong.  In fact they should have a new word for it like badwrong or badong.  Yes, stealing is badong.
Something like this happened in highschool were my teacher had a meltdown. The first student answered the question right and she was looking for opions and nobody had anything to offer so she flipped out and blamed her anger and attitude on us.   Surprise when didn't get suspended but she didn't attend school the following day
why did I sit through all of this
I have never loved my name anymore than rn watching this video.
Wait who was the guy that said stealing was bad
Not to be controversial but I think josh kinda had a point there
Man middle school is way easier than high school. Junior year sucks
Oh man I'm so high I sat here for four minutes listening to everything till I got it 😂😂
What I thought josh said was really profound and I have to give him props but idk if I can’t stand with him  I respect his opinion on the matter and I understand his view points  And I hope we can find a middle ground
"I don't like you." Snuck that in there, so relatable.
Ima be honest Gus carried this.
I’m going into middle school this week, this happens a lot and it’s stupid. (Hahaha I’m a stupid little kid in a comment section)
For as big as that class is, I find the lack of diversity in that class to be disturbing and also to expand on what josh was saying.. I also think stealing is not good.
Why is this so fucking true
I wonder what the retention rate on this video is
Where is the kid that tries to prove josh wrong and gets roasted in front of the class by the teacher
This kinda feels like those assignments on Canvas where the professor makes you write two meaningful comments on another student’s post
Josh grew up to rob a bank
I like how wonderfully to the point josh was and I couldn't agree more. Good job josh :)
I'm sorry if I'm rubbing anyone the wrong way 😂
3:12 "I-I don't like you"
I honestly think this video is just an excuse to show off Thor's cool shirts.
This video hurt me to my core. But anyway yeah I agree with josh on this one
Dude, stealing is bad. I agree with Jawsh on this one.
This video came out on the same day that my professor asked the question "if you could kill one person to save a million people, would you do it?"
Stealing is bad guys.
Meanwhile in the most crowded middle school classroom ever.
I can't believe I just watched the full video
Until that one kid says stealing is the way he gets money and food for his family because the mother is a alcoholic and the father left to get milk
hence why i hate school, debates and discussions are so RaW
Just to be devil's advocate, but I just also want to say that stealing is bad. Like Josh said previously before
What if u steal the stolen things and return it back by stealing it. Is it still bad
Phew the number of students in his class XD
Personally, I think this video was good.
I think I am going to have to agree with josh that stealing stealing is wrong
As a person named Josh who led every class discussion I could, this is eerily familiar
can i play devil's advocate for a second?
*flashbacks to middle school model un*
The ceiling is bad
I agree with J O S H
So to elaborate on what Josh said I think stealing is pretty bad
If i could play devils advocate I’d have to say stealing is bad.  *whispers* I don’t know what devils advocate is
I watched the whole thing because I liked when Gus called on people
Stealing is bad
I really think that joshes analysis was very correct when he said stealing is bad so I agree with Josh
vote for pedro
I hated every second of this....but stilled liked the video.
I'm so glad I didn't watch this high
3:55 😂 she's wearing his shirt😂
Honestly, what Josh just said was pretty true.
I agree with Josh
I feel like josh was Correct as well he hit it on the spot
How many kids are in this goddam class
I don’t know if anyone else said this, but I think stealing is wrong- oh sorry josh I didn’t know you said that
this is what college discussion is like, what do you mean
I think Josh is right on this one
You forgot the  *raises hand:   "I umm  ummm  I forgot what I was goiung to say soryy."
Hey just picking up where Josh left off but stealing definitely isn’t good
Is wearing a mic on your shirt the hot thing these days?
Vote for Pedro!
longest 6 minutes of my life
This felt a lot longer than 6 minutes. I fucking lost it around the 5 min mark tho.  Altho just for the record I agree with Josh.
bruh this is how it was like in high school
well thanks fellas I'm glad we can see eye to eye on the current subject of the conversation which we are having right now today
There is a thin line between middle school discussions and political debate.
I disagree with the people who think stealing is ok. I think it is not ok.
This has really changed my mind on stealing. Thanks Josh, I’ll return that little old ladies stroller.
I agree I really think that Gus hit the money right year that’s what he stole my idea yeah this was true
Yep there’s always the one kid that’s actually thinking about it and goes “You know if I’m starving imma steal something to eat”
I fully support with josh here, i think he won the lottery, in terms, here, and... stealing is wrong
That class is fucking huge.
I just watched a 6 and a half minute video about the words "I agree with Josh . . . stealing is wrong."
To further comment on the issue.. I think stealing could be considered bad, which is kind of what I think  josh was going for.
vote for pedro
i thought this was gonna start with a "not to play devil's advocate, but..." 😬
Everyone really be stealing josh’s thunder
How is this video only 7 minutes long?
Only gus could make me watch this entire video
The cieling is bad
Middle School? Dude this is fucking college...
I’ve been waiting for the moment one of the guys would wear the shirt my friend and I made and gave Gus on the tour last year, glad it was this gem
This skit is hilarious but 3-4 minutes too long. I can't be the only one who started skipping forward after a while. Much love Mr. Buckets, but we're on a schedule here.
Howd you get many people in one place you might get corona
I would just like to second the motion that stealing is wrong...I agree with Josh on this. He has my full support.
this is basically it feels like when you have to comment under people's discussion boards for college participation points lmao
Bruh how many kids are in this class
Freshman year of highschool, I was in a seminar class. Nearly every "discussion/seminar" went exactly like this.
I didn’t believe Gus when he says sub for more garbage until now mainly from what josh said that took ppl 6 min to realize
this is soooooo long
Class, I want to thank everyone for their prolific and thought-provoking answers.
Should’ve expected this from a six minute Gus sketch. Oh and also I fucking love josh and I wanna love him to pieces-I mean I love what he said.
We need “stealing is bad” merch
I also agree with Josh
So can someone explain why we all sat through 6 minutes of agreeing
I personally think, stealing is bad.
And people say that gen z has short attention spans.
I mean Josh is a genius and I'm going to have to agree that stealing is bad
ngl it was like this in high school but more dead
Stealing? Big baaad.
Is it just me or does anyone else agree with josh about stealing being bad?
I just want to put out there that stealing is bad and that Josh really has a clear headspace about that kind of stuff so kudos, Josh, kudos.
What about stealing from corporations tho  Also this should’ve been a 1 minute skit not 6 1/2
So good
I fell asleep last night listening to Mr. Spaceman. Golden music.
this video felt like 20 minutes
Josh is so cute...omg...stahp
Alt title: 6 minutes of the Johnson family saying “I agree with Josh”
Why the fuck is this so accurate
I'm in college and this still happens in every philosophy class
i cant take napolean dynamite seriously now.
Wrong it should just be 6 minutes of silence with the teacher saying lets get these ideas flowing, put on your critical thinking caps
I have  totally forgotten now that who the fuck was JOSH ?
Just bad
i want that 'Shrute farm beets' t-shirt !!!!
6 minutes this goes on for, what!?
is there even a josh anymore? who is josh?
I really watched 6 minutes of this. And loved every second of it
I also agree with josh
Something is wrong with the video on my end. I can't see the first bit of the video. What did Josh say?
Google a picture of Nathaniel Hawthorne then come back and stare real hard at Gus
At first i was annoyed then I couldn’t stop laughing
That’s very true
Personally, I was going to disagree with Josh. Me as a starving middle aged peasant girl from the french revolution sometimes needs the sweet, sweet nourishment from the penny loafs i stole this morning. But on the other hand I was totally going to say what Josh was circulating around the room was indeed right, stealing is wrong.
Gus this one was a bit drawn out
Me: this video via so long I wonder how much longer this is         *sees there are five minutes left*
I would have to say that my thinking really aligns with Josh’s hypotheses.
So when does Gus collab with WKUK?
This has the potential to be a great meme format
I don't know about your middle schools, but my 7th grade discussions were crazy. We once did 30 minutes on if trump suggesting Colin Kapernick be fired was a violation of his first amendment rights.
Yea, I agree, mainly with what Josh was saying in that stealing is bad. You shouldn't do it.
Didn't read the title and for the first minute I thought the sketch was about Gus trying to get at least one student to say stealing was perfectly fine so he could sigh and whip out his comically large sized bags of stolen money
Sounds like you guys are saying the ceiling is bad Lol
This was just LAZY.
The fact that they wore the same shirt as the teacher
Stealing is good.
I'm not really sure who said this, but I heard that stealing is bad.
Josh keeps looking at me.  ....quit iiiit!
You forgot the kid who has an entire essay in their head that somehow goes so off topic you don’t remember the question
Props on keeping the content fresh.  I had to unsub from the other guys because every video was the same and comedy was lacking.
How are there six minutes of this
How many kids are in this class?
is middle school year 7?
I gotta agree with what Gus is saying here
Late
I'm just going to make myself clear now, within the topic of stealing, I personally think that stealing is the worst thing possible. This is because (according to the bible) if you steal, you will not reach gods light. This is because God is against it. also, you could hurt someone's feelings and you may feel guilty and give back that item after stealing it. This is not called borrowing because it is with out the person's consent. You need the person's consent to be able to borrow. Thus' bringing to the idea that without person's consent, it should be considered stealing. Stealing is a crime and will put you in jail or not depending on a variety of situations. If you are to (for example) Rob a bank, you will have nearly life in jail depending on the variety of side crimes you may also have commited. But if you stole from a gas station and you took a candy bar, you shall be let off with a warning and a confrontation which may result in legal action taking place. My definition of stealing is taking something from someone.  So yeah, I personally and openly think that Josh was in the right when he said stealing was bad.
To put things into perspective , I think Josh is absolutely 100% right on this one .
I watched 6 minutes of this and it was complete torture but also peak comedy
I also agree with Josh
BTS vid: 4 months intense method acting boot camp in pre-production :P
I KNEW ALL THAT BUILD UP WAS GONNA END WITH THAT I FUCKING KNEW IT
I love how long this went on for
this is the longest video ive ever watched
I'm 2 minutes in. Just-just tell me now is it going to change at some point? I mean, it's pretty accurate don't get me wrong, I just dont care to relive these... "glory" days...
I believe in this culture right now in America and it’s past that stealing is actually really bad. I think Josh is right.
My name is Josh, and I approve this message. 👍👍🏻
Abibas 😂
Was I the only one that used to disagree with Every1 just to keep the discussion going so we would lose more class time? We used to do this all the fucking time
Oh this was TORTUOUS.
This stole time from my life. Thanks Gus!
too real. i was in 5th grade and we were doing vocab words; the word "disheartened" came up and our teacher asked if anyone knew what it meant. literally everyone in the class raised their hands, and the teacher called on each student one by one, and EVERY SINGLE ONE said "it's when you're, like, sad" VERBATIM. and still, everyone, knowing damn well that they were gonna say the exact same thing, kept their hands up like they had something else to contribute.
How does the teacher not get sick of the students saying the same thing and not contributing anything except that they agree with Josh!!?? 😂
Stealing is bad, im just being honest
Josh, my guy...
idk why i watched this whole thing and didn't even really mind
these people are really saying my name a lot, thought this video was about stealing
They forgot to add the awkwardness after everyone has answered and the teacher just waits. 😳😳😳...
*laughs in pain*
Family reunion. Finally.
dude this is so true holy sh1t
How many kids are in this class!!?? 😅
Ngl kinda gonna have to agree with josh here.
The Johnson family keeps getting larger every upload, it's impressive.
6 minutes why
Some say they still go on to talk about this engaging and educational argument
hipocrites... they all stole josh's idea
I think stealing is good
guys i think stealing is bad
You know I would really have to agree with Josh on this one  because stealing isn't really that good and some may call it bad Soo ya I would like to say that Josh pretty much nailed it
How many doors does this classroom have ?
I have spent over six minutes watching my classroom
how big is this classroom
i also just wanted to say, stealing is bad.
Then they all go steal, vape, and bully people after
2/10 not realistic. It should of been 45 minutes long
This is not a good video and I'm a huge Gus Johnson fan
As a Josh, it’s good hear everyone agreeing with me on this
Honestly this is how they go all the way through college too
Just to add on to what Josh said, I think that stealing is the opposite of good. Which is to say bad. Like Josh said. Josh said this, and I agree. Stealing? Don't like it. Neither does Josh. Josh doesn't like stealing and neither do I. Because it's bad. Stealing is what I'm talking about. I just don't like it at all. Josh, I would say, based on what he said, agrees. Stealing is really just something else, not in a good way. Same as Josh said. Like Josh.  One last point to make-I agree with Josh on this one.
Why didn’t josh agree with josh
I also agree with Josh that stealing is bad
Robbers: *"Understandable, have a nice day"*
I really just watch 6 minutes of people saying they agree with Josh
why does this remind me of “so i went to the coinstar, and it just didn’t work.”
When they said stealing was bad... I felt that
As an 8th grader it’s still like that
i would be really okay with you guys uh making a movie or something idk
This is actually a commentary on the need to have smaller class sizes lol
This joke goes for too long, it’s a good joke it just too long
i like how this is just a video of people agreeing with josh.   oh by the way i agree with josh
Infuriating with everyone stealing josh's idea
This video is my sleep paralysis demon
In real life, the classroom would be completely silent until the teacher called on someone.
They’re all just Gus.
Yeah i'm gonna have to disagree with what josh said, stealing fucking rules.
Both the best and worst part, was the super unsatisfying ending.  Did someone steal something from you?  Great Content, I enjoy every video you put up.
I’m in this video and I don’t like it.
I love how Sven looks like if Brycee hall was likeable
I'd have to say that stealing is bad. Oh, Josh said that? Then yeah, what he said.
Sven looks very pretty
Is this about media companies claiming false rights to videos?  Think I heard Foo Fighters in a shot
It just keeps going
Josh for president. 🇺🇸 JOSH 2020 🇺🇸💪🔫🧨
To caviot off of that, stealing is unethical
How many kids are in this damn class I didn’t realize middle schools had lecture halls
“Oh I don’t like you”
Why is it so long
I waited 6 minutes for this punchline
Big class, wow
But everyone's out here stealing Josh's answer
Gus most of the time: Short, sweet, doesn't linger too long, high quality comedy Gus this time: "I wonder how long I can make this video before they come to my house with torches an pitchforks?"
(Robber breaks in) I think stealing is good
How is this 6 minute video the same thing over and over and it entertains me... quarantine has taken a toll
Yea teach so to answer your question about the whole stealing thing, I'd just like to quote something josh said about 10 minutes ago, *ahem*, "Stealing is bad". This really brings fourth what i would like to believe to be, the most morally correct outlook to the question at hand.
I want that shirt at 2:54
I subscribed for more garbage so I got more garbage.
My name is josh
yes yes i agree with josh we need more thor content
Everyone agrees with Josh. Can I vote for Josh in this election?
Arent they stealing josh's idea? Omg
Josh thinks stealing is wrong but he just stole my heart
I couldn’t have said it better myself, josh got this one spot on!
Is it bad I watched the entire six minutes of the same thing
I’d have to agree with Josh.
Dang there are a lot of students in that class, but yeah Mr Gus. Josh is a freaking genius stealing is super bad because yeah it's a big no no and it makes everyone feel bad
"middle school"? How about "college"?   Actually, just any discussion, ever.
Ngl, I gotta agree with josh Stealing is pretty bad  But is it beneficial?
Why does Sven’s neck and head look so small and his arms so big
How is this almost 7 minutes long and how did I watch the whole thing
Nothing had changed in college.
Honestly, I think Josh has the right idea with how he said stealing is bad.
Plot Twist: Josh stole all their lunch money.
his brothers “drink apple juice cus OJ will kill you” shirt is awesome
Let's be real, this is like 80% of high school as well.
Just 8 min of I agree with josh
This is college though
How many students are in this class?!
The name josh has no meaning anymore
woah Gus at the end card was a bad boy
Well of course stealing is bad. I think even most thieves know it’s bad too, they just don’t care.
Who is the girl? Is she Gus’s sister or cousin? She kinda looks like them
soo accurate
Hear that, rioters?
Drinking game: Take a shot every time they say "Josh"
Spoiler alert for the end of the video          Stealing is wrong.
I'm not sure if this is controversial or whatever but I'm agree with Josh on this one, and say stealing is in fact a bad thing.😬🤷‍♂️
Ok Hold up guys.. i had to pause the video at 5:49 because I also had the strong urge to agree with Josh on this one, call it a gut feeling, but stealing is bad 👎
This video felt like it was an hour long and I've only watched two minutes
Only the LEGENDS watched all 6 mins 😎😎😎😎
plot twist: this video is a trick for gus to see how high he can make the watch time because we're all expecting something to happen :)
fake. where's the devil's advocate
I’ve never been so proud
Damn Sven needs to stop getting so hot it’s distracting me from the comedy like Napoleon Dynamite guest starred in this video and I’m over here like a teenage girl scribbling my new last name Buckets all over my notebook like I want to be part of the Buckets family children too ya know
There is no punchline ☠️💀
Josh is my God now.
Yeah i also agree with josh that stealing is bad but also it’s wrong too as well because yeah, basically josh was right.
It was funny the first two times they agreed with josh, then it turned into a family guy dead horse joke
honestly? university is no different
Sven 👀
I don’t know about anyone else, but I get the impression that stealing is wrong...could be wrong though, just a guess.
I honestly gotta admit with josh that stealing is bad
I've been laughing at this for an hour. Because this is exactly how it was. One kid makes a statement, then a bunch of other kids one by one saying "I agree with her because she made a really good point" it was like nails on a chalkboard
College discussions are the same, but we just bullshit more with bigger words.
Fax
omg my brain is melting
Stealing is only bad if you get caught
*_I agree to gus_*
I kinda hate you
Wow I'm glad everyone agrees with me
Holy crap so accurate
This is the kind of content that makes YouTube worthwhile.
This is how it goes in my high-school 😂
longest six minutes of my life lol. idk why i sat through that
AKA reddit comments
Shit what'd they say? Was stealing good or bad i didn't quite get it..
Sounds like an university discussion when nobody really read the texts
Bruh how many people are in this class
Did something happened Gus? Did someone steal from you so you had to make a whole video about how stealing is bad?
Josh’s right.
*Meanwhile, in a college level history class*
I feel like I'm in a fever dream
Is this a mormon church
Hey, I think stealing is bad.
In accordance to the argument that has been put forth by Josh Jacob Jackson, one would have to concur greatly to the idea that any form of pilferage up to kleptomania should be condemned as eagerly portrayed with the ego of I.
How many kids are in the class?
This is exactly how every military brief or leason/meeting goes.
This is middle school AND high school
Dang everybody agrees with me
But WHY is stealing bad? What makes you say that, Josh?
this is so long it kills me
Glad to know they agree with me
yeah i think I'm going to have to agree with Josh here I guess
Bruhhhhhhhhhhhh it was litterally 6 minutes of people saying stealing is bad
Shrute Farms Beets shirt was 👌
The girl hit the middle schooler vocabulary on the head 😂
Idk i think stealing is pretty cool
Josh for president
Still kinda confused on wether stealing is bad or not
I agree with Josh, I think stealing is bad
Wait where’s sabrina?
I think you need more context it depends on the scenario of the stealing, who you are stealing from and what you are stealing in most situations its bad but I can probably think of a scenario where its not bad
why is nobody wearing masks
I watched the video all the way through and I have to say, the Russian roulette game at the end was really funny xD
When your name is Josh. ;)
This is just a liberal arts classroom discussion.
Gus why
This video felt longer than my entire 8 hour shift at work.  Hilarious
I agree
As someone in 8th grade I agree with your vid
Stealing is no more
Where's the 10 hour version?
tbh my college class discussions are like this
I was hoping Josh would say something like "Yeah, I stole some shit."
I have an organic chemistry exam tomorrow but instead I spent 6 minutes and 38 seconds listening to a roomful of masterminds agree with Josh that stealing is wrong
Sven without sleeves looking like a teenage heartthrob
Did Sven just say "ceiling is bad"?
TLDR
All that’s missing is every. Single. Person. Saying “I was just gonna say...” before saying what they end up saying anyway
I think you missed the incredibly awkward silence that seemingly lasts millennia right after the teacher opens the discussion.
Lol middle school? These kinds of conversations carried on into high school.
i mean if you think about it, josh was really on point
The funniest part to me was when I said to myself “this joke is getting old at this point” and I then looked to see there were 4 minutes left in the video
I'm there Josh
You misspelled college Gus
One word: *Ambitious*
I also would like to give my opinion and agree with josh that stealing is bad
My name is josh so this video makes me feel good
Hm and not followed by a discussion of why weed should be legal.
How man kids are in this class?! Man, American school systems are way too packed.
i felt dizzy watching this video
this made me so Carol-Baskin uncomfortable my guyyyy!
guys i'm gonna say it... I agree with Josh
Honestly I think Josh deserves a Nobel Peace Prize.
i disagree with Josh, sometimes stealing is ok if you poor and hungry
I have never felt so annoyed and bored at a video like this. Not in a bad way, but that I literally felt like I was struggling to sit there and watch this... God this is accurate...
As a teacher, it is upsetting... how accurate this is.
Stealing is wrong... unless it's from pirates!
I'm in middle school and i can confirm that is exactly what it is
Yeah I think josh speaks for all of us when he said stealing is bad.
I think you meant high school.
When you gotta drag the video out for the algorithm
My favorite part of the video was when they agreed with Josh
See I think that, what we're not really getting at here is how complex the topic can get, just kind of dancing around the topic, because there's lots of ways to look at these situations. That being said I think that Josh had a really consise response to the prompt and I'd have to agree with his assessment.
I watched this whole frickin video
When’s there’s 50 students in one class
Josh might have said this already, but even if he did I also thing stealing is bad
I just sat through 6 minutes of this... and I regret nothing
Finally someone is addressing this.  Stealing is pretty bad.
I don't know who I am anymore
Thanks for agreeing with me guys!
Bro thanks
im in this video and I dont like it
this is WAY too on point.
this happens in highschool what the heck
I went into a trance watching this. Thanks, Gus!
*I slowly heard "Stealing" becoming "Ceiling". Weird.*
I agree with Josh, stealing... kinda not cool bro
3:13 I- I don't like you.
you should probably delete that video youtube is recommending where you call usher a negro
High quality content here. This is what gets the views, people. Sometimes ya gotta discuss these uneasy and often controversial topics. Also, Josh has my full support on this.
A rare appearance of the Johnson’s sister.
Thought you guys might wanna hear everyone’s points, hope this was helpful! 0:14 stealing is bad 0:23 stealing is bad 0:29 stealing is bad 0:35 stealing is bad 0:41 stealing is bad 0:51 stealing is bad 1:00 stealing is bad 1:09 stealing is bad 1:15 stealing is bad 1:27 stealing is bad 1:35 stealing is bad 1:44 stealing is bad 1:54 stealing is bad 2:08 stealing is bad 2:16 stealing is bad 2:33 stealing is bad 2:50 stealing is bad 2:54 stealing is bad 3:08 stealing is bad 3:14 stealing is bad 3:32 stealing is bad 3:37 stealing is bad 3:53 stealing is bad 4:03 stealing is bad 4:17 stealing is bad 4:30 stealing is bad 4:41 stealing is bad 4:49 stealing is bad 5:15 stealing is bad 5:23 stealing is bad 5:31 stealing is bad 5:45 stealing is bad 6:05 stealing is bad
Of all the skits to drill into the grave, this is the one?
Really would want to see the watch time graph on this one
tfw participation is 30% of your final grade
Thank you Gus Johnson thank you
how many kids are in that class lmao
Being in middle school this is TO REAL
I just watched five minutes of the same people say stealing is bad this is the best Channel I've ever seen
I just watched 6 minutes of people saying stealing is bad, my life is shit
alright be honest, how many new shirts did you guys buy?
Okay, but I just don't get why not more people agreed with Josh? Like he made some really good points
Who is this Josh and why is he so respected?
So it's 4am and im watching this vid and I probably should sleep.
Oof what a waste of time
I was just waiting for someone to say otherwise. (Spoiler alert: nobody does)
You might say this was too long for what its worth. Youd be wrong.
this felt like a forty minute long sketch
I sorry i love you but this is garbage 😂 still made me laugh tho
Two things:  Are the other two your cousins?  And I’m so surprised this school is not even 25% female wowee
I watched the whole thing
this is deep
This is a fever dream
You know.... this is high school too
Middle school? This is honestly EXACTLY how my uni acts on any topic..
1/4 of this class has an amazing mustache
Did I just see a Gus and Sven Sister!? 😲
I laughed way too hard at this
Yesssss
Middle school where everyone repeats the same thing.
*Good thing his brothers and sister agreed to do this.*
I love the shoulders in this family
I’m not sure if that was good.  Love your vids Guss
Just gonna add onto what Josh said, stealing is very bad.
I kind of felt like what josh said needs to be expanded on, I believe stealing is bad.
Yes, yes, yes! But *STEELING is *GOOD!
This is fake, no one puts their hands up in middle school
Good points all around.
Hey Gus just to make you feel uncomfortable,  I included timestamps of your cutie patootie( hopefully not underage sister) 00:37 , 01:10 ,  01:44 ,  03:08,  03:52,  05:15,  06:12 I love your content and I love her face ( if she's not under age...)
This is also highschool btw
How big is that damn class
Basically what any college “discussion board” assignment thread sounds like 😂
If I was given the opportunity to choose between stealing and not stealing I would have to pick not stealing because I agree with josh
I definitely agree with josh
Personally I think stealing is bad and Josh was very accurate
"How many shirts do I and my siblings own"
This was actually a direct read from college discussion boards
Yo this was a good bit. Imma steal it k? Thaaaanks
This feels like an hour long
How am I still watching this lmao
Josh was on to something
First video with all his siblings acting and he made skit that'd make them never wanna help out on a skit ever again. Those fucking wardrobe changes lmfao
I just wanna add to what Josh said,  stealing is definitely not cool
I can't even remember what I said anymore but I agree with Josh
Josh R or Josh G?
yo why did i watch this whole thing
Gus, are you the son of Timmy from the Whitest Kids U Know?
I think this was the longest 6 minutes of my life.
How many people are in this damn class?
4:58 “Stealing, I HAVE THE HIGHGROUND!!!”
Lemme just throw something new into the mix here, I believe that stealing is bad
This is surprisingly the only "miss" ive seen from you. You win some you loose some, comedy is subjective. I look forward to seeing what comes out next!
I like this video
I actually literally have to disagree with josh unfortunately stealing isn't bad its not good.
I’d like to echo what josh said—we can’t stand for stealing.
idk man ive lived in some bad neighbourhoods before and id habe to agree with josh on this one
Damn this is the longest 6 minute video
loving this currently
i knew what this video was going to be within the first 25 seconds
Josh had a great selling point that stealing is.....ya know......pretty bad and I agree with him there
When Josh said stealing is bad I felt that...
Just to mention But what Josh said it's really true i mean stealing it's Bad But ppl steal because it's Bad You know i mean they steal because it's Bad boy because they want because they want You know Josh said it correctly and i Agree with him.
Josh is probably making a ton of money by doing his classmates homework for cash.
I like how the topic is so black and white as well providing no room for actual discussion because the topic itself is common sense.
Used to be 100% accurate. But today you just turn off your mic and camera and act you’re not in the zoom call
I'm high as shit rn.... and this video really didn't help me..
i agree with josh
Thieves who watch Gus Johnson: *Profuse sweating*
Josh is right only because stealing is bad.
Who in middle school was the guy at 4:05 ?
Josh is a fucking genius
Me and the gang wasting time in class
Honestly I agree with Gus here this is kinda how middle school class discussions go he really hit the nail on the head
I like the art where they say "stealing is bad"
Yeah Josh said it best when he said unlawfully taking another individuals belongings is morally incorrect.
Imagine if we replaced the word stealing with....looting.
Stealing is bad
The amount of times that the blue plaid shirt was passed around for the different takes is hilarious!
I agree with Josh
who’s josh again
"I agree with Josh,, stealing is bad"
this is also exactly what college class discussions sound like
Well I’d actually like to add my 2 cents and say that josh was pretty accurate in his statement, and I’d like to quote, “stealing is bad”. It doesn’t really make sense at first but when you think about it hes pretty smart in saying that.
Hahah
he forgot that one kid who wears a communism hat and explains why stealing is okay
I remember this somehow
Yea I'm gonna have to with Josh here. Stealing truly is just a terrible thing to do.
Yea stealing is bad, I agree with josh
I was waiting for a "then why the hell is it okay to steal my candy?!?*
How many kids are in this class? Unbelievable
Vote for Pedro
HOW MANY KIDS ARE IN THIS CLASS?
Um just a quick think I kinda agree with josh um yeah I think stealing is bad too
big ass school
The click through rate is going to be horrid, RIP lmao
Love the video but when my school has a discussion it slowly goes into death threats.
Omg I saw it had been 55 seconds and thought it was over... then realized it was a 6 minute video
I was totally that kid at the end. Only changed to agreeing thanks to my anxiety as a kid. :)
Being named Josh I can say that It depends on who your stealing from. If you couldn't tell I watched the whole thing.   You know what I agree with Josh stealing Is bad.
WWWWHHHHHHYYYYY????????😂😂😂😭
Why does Sven look so cute
Mhm.Atleast half of the students have a beard.
This is spot on right on the money, hit the nail on the head I agree with Gus
Thanks guys
Who here is in middle school?
I had a class discussion today and this is literally how it went.
Interchangeable with court testimonies 🤣
I never hated the name josh until now
6 and a half minutes of agreeing with josh
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vnaYMzyoRmw
Umm i would not call it stealing if you just borrow something without asking, for a long period of time and you dont get gaught for not returning it, and eventually you forget you borrowed the item so you keep it... but i gotta agree with josh here. Stealing is bad.
This video did not have to be 6 FUCKING MINUTES!!!!
Um, this is kinda what Gus said but I think the video is good.
this honestly sounds more like the work meetings that I have now as an adult.
I can’t believe I watched all 6 minutes
I would like to concur with other commenters that this is, in fact, 6 minutes of people saying that stealing is bad.
I'm gonna send this to my English teacher
New drinking game         Drink twice for josh and once for bad when your drunk comment
Damn this is such a good video, and I agree with Josh.
Alternate title : how many shirts  do guss and has friends own
This 6 minute video felt like an entire class
Yeah, kinda what, like, Josh said, basically.
everyone is talking about middle schools and stealing, but my addiction to star wars remembers that josh had the high gound
guys I think stealing is good
This was 1000% filmed in a Sunday school room.
This is so painful and so accurate at the same time
Can’t believe I just watched this
wow, gus must have went to middle school when he was younger to write a sketch like this
Well... Honestly... My opinion kinda falls in line with what Josh said, in that, stealing is probably pretty bad.
Umm I was i dunno kinda like gonna agree with Josh that stealing is bad
Hey my names josh :)
Oh, I get it... They stole the answer from Josh... about... stealing. Works on so many levels. This is the pinnacle of all comedic thought.
I just wanna comment that Josh was right and he has a fair point, stealing is goodn't
Shut up Gus Johnson
Josh is super enlightened when it comes to stealing. I also personally agree with him.
i agree with Josh
Wait did i lost 6 minutes from my live listening to the video bc josh said stealing is bad._.
Josh got my vote for this one
Yeah I agree
Josh the wise
Thor looks perfect in that Vote For Pedro shirt
I'm surprised here - Josh and I hardly agree on anything. But to follow up on Josh's point on stealing being bad, I got to say that I 100% agree with was Josh said.
Guys I'm starting to think that stealing is bad
I disagree with Josh, but I think stealing is not ok
Holy shit your sister actually agreed to do a video.
How big is this classroom
I'ma have to agree with Josh on this one
So true
College as well
This is what my AP English Literature class discussions are like, forget middle school lol
I for one think that Josh was spot on and yeah stealing is bad.
This is scary how accurate it is!
3:12 *that how my teacher feels about me*
josh made a good point, i personally consider myself anti-theft
Stealing? Yeah it's NOT GOOD
I wish the person who stole my camera could have seen this 😥💔 ... NO IM NOT BITTER
You forgot the kid who gets called on when he’s just stretching and not raising his hand.
In the part of the video that's edited out it's revealed that Josh is the only person in the room
This video is good
The six minutes feels like 6 hours
I can't tell. Is stealing bad?
Ngl I think Josh is right
Not enough of the class clown randomly loud moaning in class
well what Josh said was very convincing so I say stealing is bad and Josh really was smart in picking that position.
Anyone else hear Sven say "the ceiling is bad"?
I too, agree with Josh 😂😂😂
Stealing rate drops down to 0%
At about 1:45 I decided to check how long the video actually was and when I tell you my jaw dropped
I also agree with what josh said, stealing is bad.
How the fuck did they stretch this out to 6 minutes??
Thor's wardrobe is on point.
Personally I’m just gonna throw this out here I think I might rub some people the wrong way but I personally don’t agree with josh and I just stole a cake from the baker      Dose anyone want a bite?
Just that sleight of hand at 2:02 got me
I was all like yeah this is another quick and funny vid and than I saw it was 6 mins long
You forgot about that one kid who raises his hand and asks if he can go to the bathroom right in the middle of the discussion.
Who else here was a Josh during class discussions?
Stealing is bad.
Did anyone else have a kid in their class named Jake who always introduced themselves as Jake from State Farm?
Just 6 and a half minutes of saying stealing is bad
My name is Josh and I appreciate all the support
Thor has the coolest shirts
JOSH
Remember how in middle school we'd all wear tiny mics on our shirt
Gus’ videos go on way too long
He just stole 6 minutes of our life
I agree with Gus. He's 100% right about this. You have my support, Gus.
Plot twist everyone in that room except for josh are professional cat burglars
Okay we all knew that kid at 4:30 in middle school
This feels like a passive aggressive message to the guy who stole stuff from his car a while back
Main character : Josh
There’s like 60 kids in this class
I would just like to say, I agree with Josh
This video couldn't be a better representation of my life as a Josh
This video makes me want to steal
Only Gus can get away with this kind of video.
Man there were at least, like, three different shirts in this
This is how University forum discussion board posts go too
how many people are in this class?
I've never felt more validated
So glad Josh took the stand for us all on this one. So brave
I sat through the whole thing, appreciate me, jk it good
No, this is discussion in my college
Why did I watch 6 minutes of this?
Josh truly is a prophet
"Josh has the high ground" XD seems like it
okay now imagine this but in a zoom call, that is going to be all of the next 4 months
To summarize: stealing bad
I was waiting for the one kid who just wants to have a different opinion and fight people
Bro how many people in that class
What the Hell Gus?! Why did you film with so many people in such a small room? smh
Same thing with college lol
Stealing is bad
Alright Gus, you can’t just record a middle school class and call it a video
Do down...                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          hi...
megadeth: stealing is my business... and business is good!
That fact that I sat through this whole video...
Gus I'm glad to see who I presume is your sister stepping into the memeverse! She definitely has a talent for comedy like everyone in your family!
Damn dude, were you having a concussion when you made the video?  On a serious note, I too agree with Josh.
Wow, this is definitely one of my fav bits
The fact that this wasn’t called “every online college discussion board” is basically a crime.
When Josh said that stealing was bad, I felt that.
Wish this was longer.
The fact that this is one of gus' longer videos
I heard classroom student count was large..but this class...goddamn!
“Vote for Pedro” lmao
I too agree with josh
Jason...did I ever tell you the definition of insanity?
This is more like my Youth Group meetings
Shout out to Josh for carrying his whole class
Any board discussion in online classes too..
That was garbage. Subscribed
Fun fact: Josh actually steals their ideas
Im in middle school ands this is so trur lulw
I can't believe I'm only halfway through this fucking video
I’m gonna have to agree with Josh, here.
Hey guys I just watched the whole video and I just wanted to come and say that I think I agree with josh, stealing isn’t okay.
You know, ima have to agree with josh
wow gus has loads of wigs and shirts, phenomenal actor.
You missed the part where the teacher asks the question and literally no one raises their hand or says anything. Then there’s you, the teacher just sitting there awkwardly questioning your entire lesson plan. Then you try to save the day by starting the discussion yourself and picking on the smartest kid in class and forcing them to say something so the rest of the kids finally break their silence.  Yeah.
“Yeah so uh I was just gonna agree with what Josh said” and “this is kinda like what josh said but uh stealing is wrong” gave me 7th grade English flashbacks
I'm a minute in and I hope it isn't just six minutes of "Yea he's right"    Wow, it was. Amazing.
Was this a fashion show?
“Piggybacking off of what josh said...” “Leapfrogging off of what josh said...” “Parkouring off of what josh said...” “360 no-scoping off of what josh said...”
yeah that pretty much sums it up
It’s to the point where I’ve basically forgotten what Josh even said
Believe me, freshman year of high school was just the same
Love your videos so much
I agree with Josh
i watched this for about 2 minutes before realizing everyone was agreeing with josh the entire time
Its really funny how genes work. Sven and Thor look so much alike and Hannah and Gus look so much alike. But all together you can 100% tell they are related. Cute. Love the Johnson family.
I have to agree with Josh here, I also think stealing is horrible.
hot take here uhhh stealing is bad
You forgot the 25 laptops, and zoom
So basically, umm, I think that like... I agree with Josh. I think umm... that like umm like yeah, stealing is bad annnnd... like not good. So, yeah...
Wait so is stealing good or bad? I'm confused
I thinks it’s safe to say I have enough brain cells to sit through this whole video
You could say Josh stole the show
The "Uh, yeah..." is so accurate
I to agree with josh
I didnt check the video length the entire time and was actually worried it would never end
I’m at 2:25 how long does this go for?
So, when are Thor, Hanni and Josh getting their own channels?
This whole video reminds me of that one part of The Henry Stickmin Collecton:  “So you’re gonna click walkthrough here and it brings up this video of this guy who’s like...heyyyy welcome to part 69 of my henry stickmin playthrough walkthrough”  You know?
this video wasnt dragged out at all
I'm surprised that some of the Johnson family are Twins fans. Would have thought they liked the Brewers. Not that I'm hating, I'm a Vikes, and Twins fan personally.
I agree...      But
Flashbacksssss. If I was bored in class to the point of insanity,  I cant imagine the poor teachers.
Oh my god why does he act so much like my old history teacher
I hate the name Josh now
this is in my head for a while now. So I'll just agree with Josh on this one. Alot of fantastic points about stealing being bad so Josh is on the right set of tracks.
How to waste 6:38. Boring and unfunny asf
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I'm pretty sure this video says that stealing is wrong...might be my imagination tho.
Can't believe I sat threw the entire thing lol
I agree with Josh. Stealing is very bad.
When that person said “i agree with josh” i felt that
Who else just sat through this whole thing out of respect...
Stealing is bad
As a middle schooler I can confirm that this is true
where's the shy kid who doesn't want to answer so the teacher calls on them just for them to agree with everyone else
The student almost looked like the teacher
I'm gonna have to agree with Caitlin Lyane Lackmann's comment on how this is very accurate.
Never knew you could get six minutes of film for regurgitating the same sentence for six minutes, truly a work of art
I’m starting to think Josh has a point
Stealing *isn’* bad
I was always the counter argument 😎
Yeah I agree with Josh, when you steal it’s really bad and I think it is not a good thing.
How the hell did 1,2k people dislike this?
They went through there entire wardrobes
each of them was sitting next to a pile of different outfits
I was just watching this entire video to see what twist he put in at the end...and tbh I wasn't disappointed
Damn never went to middle school but college was definitely like this.
I like the part when they agree with Josh that stealing is bad
Yeah i also agree with Josh, Stealing is pretty bad
Thor was really stealing the spotlight in this sketch
I just watched that entire video
Who's the girl in this
Couldn't agree more with the title of this video
Josh is a G
I just went through all of Josh's social media and it turns out Josh stole my girlfriend in the summer of 2013 so he is either a hypocrite of immense proportions and needs to be cancelled or since then he has really grown as a person. Either way I agree with him stealing is bad.
Stealing is pretty dang bad. I agree with Josh on this
I honestly enjoyed reading their shirts
Hey look! 6 minutes and 38 seconds I will never get back! loved the vid
I actually agree with what josh said stealing is quite wrong.
I teach at a university, where I use discussions like this to get to real definitions that are based on logic and collective reasoning. That's why you not only ask for an opinion, you then ask thek why, the implications, the imact of some actions on society  (urbanism teacher)... anyway, great video hahaha
this is the first time seeing all of hes sibling at the same time.
that punchline was a punch to the gut and STOLE 6 minutes of my life that I'll never get back
Nobody talk’n about how they are stealing answers tho
When the teacher requires class participation for a grade
When people wonder why kids don't pay attention to school.
College discussion boards in a nutshell
The topic of discussion is quite limited though.
This video feels way longer than 6 and a half minutes
In my class discussions usually started with 10 minutes of the teacher encouraging us to speak then ended with me making a joke and no one laughing.
I’m showing this to my middle school students
Where's the guy who always disagrees but makes a good point about it.
J O S H
Who is the painfully unfunny woman?
I disagree with josh as well, stealing in good
I hate that I had a conversation like this in a COLLEGE CLASS Today
And thats on participation points
This is unnecessarily Long and I love it
I would have to agree with what Gus said in the pinned comment, you should follow him on Twitter @gusbuckets
For some reason I thought your brother was Jon Heder, and the vote for pedro shirt didn’t help lol
6:05 The suspense is killing me.
Is this video just them agreeing?!?
Why is this 100% accurate 0:33 and 1:27. Also 1:34. (3:35 is spot on)
dude this class is huge
This is like watching the Endless Eight
Don’t like this comment.......
4:05 why was Gus' mom in this middle school?
I too agree with josh that stealing is bad
The best part is that everyone ended up stealing from Josh the whole time.
This is how my online college class discussion boards went. Never any good debate or counterpoints, basically just a bunch of "I think you made a really good point about ..."
This sketch lasted way too long... 10/10 great job
Who here agrees with josh ?
I checked right here and was shocked by how long this is 1:35
People just really fucking loved to hear themselves talk in middle school.  And by "talk" I mean "say the same thing as the person before and try to seem original."
Should have made it 10 minutes long
Mankato State University? Nice.
seems about right
They are practicing some serious social distancing. How big is that room and how many doors and windows are there? The geometry of it is wild.
I'm with Josh
stealing? thats no good
I hate this so much. Thank you gus.
Ceiling is bad guys, that's what they sound like when they say it.
Shoutout to Josh for what he said.
I think stealing is wrong
I was the kid who would have said yes to stealing. I never did it, but I could never just go with the flow. 😂
The pencil-snap-toss; the middle school equivalent of a mic drop.
Napoleon Dynamite but in different fonts
I'm starting to think stealing is bad
My name is Josh
He missed the one kid that plays devil's advocate, and the few people that say that they agree with a different person that said the same thing so they sound different.
i think i agree with josh on this one
U_U
Dude I kinda agree with Josh on this one.
I stayed for that easter egg at the end ...ahh, the classic pencil & flip combo *muah*
Why did I watch all of that
do you smoke
Is this just 6 min of the same thing
Was this filmed in a baptist church? the nostalgia     Oh and I also agree with Gus, Go follow him on twitter @gusbuckets
This is like a fever dream.
You know what, I think josh made some good points here and, frankly, I agree.
Just like this, but most people aren't raising their hands and are being called on/picked by the teacher lol
just to kind of build off of what Josh said and really drive the conversation forward, I'd would like to assert that maybe stealing isn't such a neat thing to do. I think Josh really put it best when he said "I believe that stealing is wrong"
So they wore all there shirts
just to be clear, i think that, well it's okay that sometimes for sure stealing is like, exactly what josh said. it's bad. all times sorry i wanted i mean all of the times stealing is bad. like josh says.
This is true in college discussion boards
I'm personally shocked that you all committed to changing into so many different sets of clothes for each new character.
Might be wrong but pretty sure Ace Ventura made an appearance at 4:02
As a middle school teacher this is painfully accurate
i steal
I’m sending this to my middle school teacher coworkers. Exactly how it goes
zoned out for a minute but im glad they are still against stealing, as am I
This video is excruciating...but for the record, I agree with Josh, stealing is bad.
Was my time just stolen?
Thanks for ur support guys
As josh I too agree with me
Love from India Bro  Keep it up You are an awesome content Creator😂😂😂😂
I disagree stealing isnt a good thing to perfom
they have a lot of shirts
To be honest I was starting to disagree with josh when he said “stealing” however he did follow that up with “is bad” so I can’t really argue with that.
Me: *sits through a while Philip DeFranco video without batting an eye   Also me: *sees that the Gus video is longer than 30 seconds* “HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO SIT THROUGH THIS WHOLE THING”
0:50 Go Mavericks!!!
My experience was exactly this but everyone just said the name of the last person who spoke
hanne FINALLY getting the screen time she deserves
Ironically enough, he stole time from all of us
I didn't check the comments but I feel like maybe I'm the first to stat this but I personally in my own belief with all of my moral being and beliefs and something I preach maybe daily IF NOT yearly truly do consent to the notion that         ceilings is sad. Thank you
We all watched the whole thing knowing how it would end.
You forgot about the ten minutes of silence before the teacher says   “If you don’t participate you will get a zero”
I can't believe I watched this whole video
Yeah, you're gonna want to watch this one on 2x speed.
I’m just gonna hop off a 2:20 and believe that it just keeps going
Class size is also pretty accurately represented here as well 😂🙃
Just to piggyback onto the tail end of Josh's position, which I agree with, I'd like to also point out that homegirl has a weird snaggletooth and I can't stop staring at it.
I like Josh's opinion and i think stealing isn't good
I thought the joke was gonna be 2/3 people saying "stealing is bad" and then that ONE DUDE goes on an hour long speech... I'm looking at you KEVIN
I KNEW it would keep going why did I watch all of it
How is this video 6 minutes long?
2:54 California Joey Ramone
This was 4 mins longer than it needed to be... BUT... that's where its genius lies...  I love it!
“Josh has been on a real hot streak here lately” 😂
Yeah I’m gonna have to agree with Josh, stealing is kinda bad. I mean we all have our own opinions but it just seems that stealing as a concept is not very good because it’s just bad to do and shouldn’t be done. Now this is not to offend anyone or anything but I just think that if you steal things that’s pretty bad because stealing is bad to do. And to finalize my point stealing is not that good so you shouldn’t steal because stealing is bad.
bro I agree with Josh
wow.
and there's that secret clip in the middle of the video that nobody is gonna watch
this shit went on for 6 full miniutes omgggggg even my cat thought it was too much
Lol Thor holding his arm up with the other arm is so middle school 😂
I’m not watching this shit for 6 minutes
I'm halfway through but I'm worried that Josh was right all along
love to see all of the johnson kids being featured
This is more true of college discussion boards
reddit
Is there a secret sister we didn’t know about? :0
I feel like I’m back in middle school
I watched this the entire way through AND I DID IT BECAUSE I LOVE YOU GUS *starts weeping uncontrollably*
This was painful to watch. You have done your job well.
And that's how Josh won class President
As a middle schooler im gonna have to agree with this video
I swear there’s another Johnson every third video
Then you get to highschool and that one kid WILL insist on playing devil's advocate and you're going to yearn for the days everyone just agreed and moved on.
Just goin' off of what Josh said...
Gus has a sister!?!
This is actually how focus groups work too
I think their thought process for this video was “how long will people watch four people change outfits and say the same thing over and over again? Let’s just be safe and make it 6 minutes long”. The real ones watched the whole thing for the classic Johnson twist at the end.
How many fucking shirts do you all have
i also agree with josh
Gus, this video is really alarmingly and distressingly wrong. I can't believe how misleading what you've put out here is.      It's also how class discussions went in high school and college.
Ye so I’m gonna have to agree with josh he’s got a really good point about stealing being bad
5:20 Damn that surprised me, I definitely did not see that coming.
‘
Nah this is high school too
As a middle schooler, i can confirm that yes, this is _exactly_ what it is like
I'm glad I sat through this all
Im a senior in AP english and this is still true
I sat and watched this 6 minute video of utter nonsense and I loved it and did not regret it
Is no one going to talk about how many shirts these people went through?
They had to have this talk with all of 8th grade at my middle school because someone stole the mirror from the bathroom.
Idk about you guys but i agree with josh
That Josh is fkin smaht.  Wait, I'm Josh!
You just stole almost 7min of my time...
Wtf gus? What is this garbage?
Basically what they said
how does this go one fro 6 and a half minutes
The video was good and all, but I didn't like all the parts about stealing being bad.
Gus u couldn't have depicted it better
WHY DID I WATCH THE ENTIRE THING
I NEED that Twins bomber Gus! Gimme
To be fair, the teacher should’ve asked for something more specific than “discuss stealing”
I just want to say I dont remember what Josh said but I think stealing is bad
Wow Gus looks a lot like a girl when he puts on a wig. Almost looks like he had his sister in the video..lol
Legit what happened to me at school yesterday
I must agree with Josh
How many shirts did y’all go through
This could be middle school or any business meetings.
So What do you guys think of stealing
The class have fucking 100students bruh
This really gives me the school experience I missed out on by being homeschooled.
Half the time it sounds like "ceiling is bad"
Wait ANOTHER JOHNSON SIBLING???????
too many people raise their hands. there would be to 4 max.
Can’t believe they did this for 6 mins
we cleary had different middle schools
I agree with Josh on this one.
I also agree with josh btw
I watched the whole thing...
This is me and the boys tryna drain time in Language Arts
oh no
Honestly, we always wanted to be Josh in these situations
This felt like it was 6 hours long
There's no stretches of ten minutes in complete silence where shy people just pray the teacher will give up on them and move on  unrealistic   (jkjk love ur vids uwub)
I like that on 2:53 Gus agreed with Josh. Like, he really got it. I... personally, also agree with Josh, so like.., that's good. I like agreeing.
I hate this so much. Love ya buddy
Yes BUT this happens only when the popular kid talks, everything they say after gavitates around his statement
all my homies love josh, he has great opinions that everyone can get behind
"Actually I was just stretching"
when you need to make posts on the discussion board for marks
Pls delete
"Stealing is bad" -Josh  *1.2k congress members downvoted*
When Gus subtlety tells blm to stop stealing shit
Stealing = bad/not good
That was the longest 6 minutes in my life
I really watched every second of that
Omg it actually just goes on for 6 minutes
Why am I watching this again?
ok but, HOW MANY PEOPLE ARE IN THIS CLASS
This was pretty accurate, but I have a story to tell about why we don't let young teens vote. Our teacher gave us a project on immigration. We were split into groups and forced to defend one of four viewpoints no borders, low regulation immigration, limited immigration, and my group no immigration. Now I won't go into my personal oppinion on immigration, but we had two Liberals in class (they got low regulation immigration). Now the rest of the groups put little to no effort into their arguments besides me and maybe a tiny but if effort on low regulation. Now we were the last group to present and so far low regulation was winning. Ngl it was unbelievably easy to sway the judges in my favor. Unlike my peers I put effort and made solid points that a Middle Schooler couldn't debate with ease, and as I continued on my argument I could see a bunch of my classmates nodding and the two Liberals and my teacher looking like they were going to lose their shit. Me and my group won all four of the judge's votes. Moral of the story, teens are extremely easy to persuade to your side of you make them afraid of the other sides or promise free shit.
Hey guys, quick question.  I'm at the 2 minute 45 second mark and I just gotta know, does it go on like this for the rest of the video?  Bcuz Im all for it, I just won't be resuming the video until I get a solid answer.  Thanks, you guys are babes
.
The cast in this video was so large, how did gus manage to get so many actors
i would have to agree with josh and say that i think personally that stealing might not be all that good
All the Johnson kids in one video, the Infinity Gauntlet is complete.
I agree with Josh
this is painful but i watched te whole thing
HOW LONG DID THIS TAKE TO MAKE!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!:?!?!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?
Yeah, so I might have to go with Josh on this particular discussion. I think stealing is probably bad..?
feels like a century ago when josh spoke
Stealing is bad
For all the people stealing comments I just want you to know I agree with Josh
great video, but it's too long
Why... Did this feel shorter than 6 minutes? Is it because we agree with Josh?
Where is the kid that asks to go to the bathroom
LOL "Drink apple juice because OJ will kill you" I seriously lost it.
OMG the sister had the most accurate impression of all of them though
I don't think anyone said this yet but...       I personally think that stealing is bad
Making me cringe is a tribute to how accurate this is.
We only do this for participation points.
this is a big class
I don't know how I sat through this entire video but I'm happy I did.
Meanwhile after school...  “BRO STEALING STONKS!!!”
2:53 OMFG I WANT THAT SHIRT
Where the one person eho think stealing is good
I'm kinda starting to think stealing is bad...
Guys I think that stealing is bad
This skit went on painfully long, making it all the more accurate
I got to the 2:30 min ark and i was like wow this is a relatable vid, what a cool idea, and then i realized there was still another 4 1/2 minutes of this shit. How is your sanity still more less intact.
Vote for pedro
i know this is like what josh said, but i thing that the concept of taking another person's belonging without consent is a very low and criminal thing to do to someone, and needs to be frowned upon
What kind of middle schooler has that much chest hair
the length of this video matches up with how long discussions actually take lmao. Only thing there needs to be is awkward silence
I agree with Josh by far!
So is stealing wrong or not?
Just to expand on what Josh was saying, I think stealing is wrong.
I realized it was just gonna be the same joke like 30 seconds and I still watched the whole thing
in highschool its the same except for the two kids with opposing political views who start screaming at each other
The marker point and "yeah" from the teacher adds an extra layer to this
Who writes these?
Why did i watch all of this
I'm early....
i just moved from middle school to my freshman year of high school, and i can confirm, this is absolutely true.
We literally did the same thing yesterday
Omg Josh is so cool!    Oh frick shouldn't a said that
Are you guys all siblings!!??
I’m 2 minutes in and is this how the whole thing goes?
Its so stupidly accurate XD
It is painfully udeniable that josh's response to the matter is incontrovertible, that response of which consists of advocating the repulsiveness of the action of appropriation of another individual's property without preestablished events or discussion
the dislikes are from middle schoolers and teachers who made participation mandatory
,,
Holy shit I just had class and this is so accurate
Checked what how much time was left during the 3rd minute
Ah yes I used to dress like this in middle school 4:02
honestly i'd be agree with josh too.
Where is the "ok, but what if you stole the weapons from Hitler, would that still be bad?" kid
I totally get Josh
So anybody wanna go out stealin'?
Josh really has a good point here, stealing is kinda not okey dokey, in my opinion, you know.
I have yet to see someone else saying it so I guess i gotta be the one, "If it's a chain it's free reign, and if it's Hobby Lobby the world is your oyster- steal from them. They're homophobic."
How many students are in the class?!
Who's the cute guy with the blond hair and glasses?
Lol y'all actually talked ? Our class always just went dead silent and awkwardly tried to avoid eye contact.
i agree with josh, stealing is bad
Josh seems like a pretty smart guy with his opinions on stealing
Finna lose my mind
Im gonna have to agree with josh on this one
wait is this Gus's longest video?
6 and a half minutes of my life I’ll never get back...
this really made me question my name
This is why I have anxiety
Josh's ego after : ⬆️⬆️⬆️
Lol middle school? This is a business meeting, and josh is the power broker
Where's the "Stealing is good, actually."
So I'm kinda lost, is stealing bad or....?
I watched this whole thing and didn’t check the time once. Can I have my award now?
Is this a commercial for novelty t-shirts?
josh must feel like the man rn
*that kid who's just stretching but gets called on* : Oh um... I was just stretching  Teacher: Oh sorry my bad  Teacher's brain: liar  *awkward silence*
I believe Josh made a good statement about stealing, about it being wrong and whatnot. When you steal, you do a thing that as Josh said, is not good. Because it's bad
When Josh said stealing was bad. I felt that.
Yeah, I'm gonna have to disagree with Josh on this one. In my experience, theft is relative, and often a necessity depending on how you define it. Can you claim that it is inherently bad if a starving child steals from a rich man's pantry? Can you claim with 100% certainty that people can truly "own" something to be stolen?   /S
Not my middle school. Yeash even with this topic we would have been divided AF.
if it's a chain, it's free rein ;)
Hmmm six minutes is kinda short for his talking videos but kinda long for a sketch. I'll click anyway to see what's up.... Dear lord
Two things, 1: There's the one kid who will do this but attribute the statement to whoever spoke last cause they don't remember who said it first. (or pretend they were the first one to say it) 2: We all know there is the one person who will disagree with literally anything.
Na frick Josh stealing is great.
Oh my god this is SIX MINUTES LONG GUS WHY DO YOU KNOW ALL OF THESR DIFFERENT WAYS TO SAY THE SAME THING. Also: accurate class size in public schools
They carried on with this for 6 Minutes
That ONE student:......Well if I have to play devil's advocate
what was the class supposed to say anyway? it’s not a particularly controversial topic; how many opinions are to be had?
Aye cool to see you putting your sister in a video
That's a big fuckin class.
I’m legit about to watch this whole thing just to see if someone’s says “just gonna piggyback off josh here...”
That's a lot of t-shirts
Omg did you see Josh’s new jean jacket? It looks SO cool!
I was watching this video and really thinking hopefully this doesn't go on for 6 minutes
It felt like 45 mins
Who also agrees, stealing is bad. Personally, I think it's bad.
You're not a true boy unless you watch until the end on .25 speed
This felt like and eternity
Ok but what does josh think about stealing????
“See it depends, there’s like a million different factors that go into it so I can’t really say either or.”
Yeah just to piggyback off what everyone else in the comments is saying, I’m also amazed this went on so long, they really hit the nail on the head when they made those comments!
I’ll say it, if you’re named Josh you’re automatically correct with everything you say
How did you get footage of my Middle School classroom from today?!
i cant believe i watched the whole thing
Is that their sister?!?!?!
What do you mean in middle school? This is what my discussions in college are like
I was that kid that said depends on the situation and then start a whole class war
*this goes on for 6 MINUTES*
this reminds me of every time i would start a class conversation in middle school
I have no idea how I was able to sit through six minutes of this
I would appreciate if I could have a moment to agree with josh in this situation. Stealing is not good
Are Gus glasses continuously getting out of place?
My name is josh and we just had a discussion on crime
Ok so stealing is bad?
The double meaning of "sorry, I was just stretching" for this episode is amazing
Their clothes... also the Napoleon Dynamite reference caught me off guard
girl cute
i still see this on discussion boards for online classes in college  "Hi Sally!  Great post, you gave a really good explanation about why stealing is bad. I couldn't have said it better and I totally agree, stealing is pretty bad."
BIBLE REFERENCE THROWN IN TO STIR THE POT
As I'm still in middle school this really hurts
I actually disagree with Josh
I'm guilty of saying the "this is kinda similar to [name], but _" a lot except I actually kinda use my own words to make it sound different for instance "this is kinda similar to Josh, but I have to say thievery is a horrible act."
i wanna know how many people are in this classroom tho
It funny because there stealing josh’s idea
I honestly started to think this was on loop at one point.
I agree with josh
I stand with Josh ✊
i want death now
I agree with josh
You forgot: The kid who would say he was just stretching even though he was clearly raising his hand The kid who would say I forgot The kid who would say this is probably stupid but...
How big is this class? are they doing this at a school pep rally? lol
who is she and y does she look like another norse god child
Great trick
when class participation is graded
Middle school?  This is every Blackboard discussion board.
Lol, ya'll went through a whole wardrobe for this.  Fantastic work Gus.
That's hailorus  cuz I started middle school today
This points out two issues, the fact that no one wants to have any other idea, and that teachers ask super dumb questions that everyone knows the one right answer to
Video idea: Just say Josh
don’t forget high school zoom breakout rooms, where you sit in complete silence with your camera and microphone turned off 🤩🤩
gus just made a 6 minute video of people expressing their thoughts on stealing. And I for one appreciate this kind of time wasting.
This was unbearable. Thanks.
hey guys, josh
0:29 Sven looks like Logan from zoey 101
I like how enthusiastic the teacher is the whole way through
I counted it and there are 31 people who agree with  j o s h
yea i agree with josh
How come nobody said that stealing is bad
Tell me why I watched the whole thing.
I just sat through 6 minutes of people saying stealing is bad...
For the record, when I thumbs down'd this video, I started with my hand waayyy  up high.  Elbow locked with my pointer finger as downward pointing as i could muster.  Then i plunged down that finger right onto the down-thumb.  I do feel better.
stealing is bad
I just want to be the voice of disssent and say stealing is good, those who can perfect it can make so much money, especially if they are fast enough to steal home.
Yes, seal-clubbing is wrong... wait, was it sealing?
Yea I think I said it really well when I said stealing is bad
I hated almost everything between the first and last minute
This is incredibly and painfully accurate. Also, I want that OJ shirt.
The whole family has the same lips
I was tempted not to see the time bar
I wanted to turn this off 2 minutes in but I couldn't get myself to because I wanted to see if this really went on for almost 7 minutes. .............it really did...😵😵😵
HAHAHAHAHA
I can’t believe it’s 6 minutes, awesome
I must acquiesce. The level of Josh's accuracy on this is unparalleled.
Yes.
Was that gussusses sister?
I think Josh is on the tippity top of the ice cream cone’s cherry with this one stealing is indeed a very bad thingy
What he said
I was 2 minutes into the video, saw that there was 4 minutes left and i thought to my self the whole video couldn’t possibly be just agreeing with Josh. I was completely wrong, but I now know that Josh must be write and I agree with what he said.
If you're not paying attention it sounds like they're saying ceiling
LOL THIS IS SO TRUE
From somebody who is in middle school, this is too accurate.
I agree with josh
Stealing is bad mmmmmk..
I love these kids😂
Is there a smart kid in it almost done with it I'm in 6th grade me and my classmates try to be more philosophical edit 1 almost done with the video
Gus how many shirts did you guys have to change into for this
This video is basically just "How many shirts do Gus and his friends own"
stealing is messed up.
I think that stealing is good
Jesus Christ how many kids did they stuff into this classroom?
Funny the first 14 times around.....not funny as a whole...stop watching
Youtube drama and commentary channels be like:
Josh seems to have read the feels of the class very well.
This is the longest video on YouTube.
Wow man, I gotta say I hate this one. And I LOVE all your other videos, you're usually a master of comedic timing! But what happened on this one? I started checking the run time at around 2:40, and by the five minute mark I was begging for death. You could have gone from three minutes in straight to the final punchline and it wouldn't have lost anything. Ah well.
Wow, putting up this one had to be fun
I would be the one to ask "Why do people steal though?"
3:04 - "stealing being bad...most times."   MOST TIMES?! Woah, dude, read the room.
I agree with josh cus he’s right about stealing being bad
I've gotta say, after much deliberation.... I'm gonna have to agree with Josh. Stealing is bad mmmmk.
The saddest part is that this actually had me hooked for 6 mins
I agree with Josh.
Any of you guys agree with josh
Now that I lost my job due to stealing, im gonna have to agree with Josh
you forgot that one kid arguing the other side because teen angst
somebody make a 10 hour loop of this
I loved how every time "josh" was on screen his shirt changed    Everybody's shirt changed when they were on screen
Put this in the MoMA.
Yes but why
This punchline better be worth it Gus.
Plot twist: *Josh was failing in that class and that was the first right answer he got, and everyone kept agreeing so that his grade would go up more.*
Why I watched the whole thing I have no idea, but I do not regret a thing.
I think the primary reason Gus made this video was so that he could show off how many different shirts he and his siblings have.
I agree with Josh
In all honesty, I cannot disagree with Josh. He brought up some very valid points and I personally think he couldn’t have said it better. In conclusion, stealing is not good.
if i ever meet gus in person, im gonna say i agree with josh
who hurt you?
I painfully disagree. I went to middle school once & this video is a turtle.
First I thought: "Ooh, a 6min sketch"
How the whole fam gonna be so funny kinda unfair
It was either this or utter silence lol
i’m in middle school and i love to play devils advocate and try to find some way to make points on either the unpopular or even just straight wrong opinion just for fun
I actually have to agree with Josh on this one. I stole 1 dollar from my mom when I was younger and was grounded for an hour. So yeah, stealing is pretty bad.
When they say you have to speak for a grade
why did I watch this
Normally when you play the part of a girl the costume isn't very convincing. Like if you look real close at the hair you can sometimes tell it's a wig.   But I gotta say, you did a lot better in this sketch!
they actually got a student in there huh accuracy is key 👌
Not to put down anything that Josh said, because in most cases- I would agree. That being said, I would like to respectfully disagree with Josh's point (that stealing is bad.) Personally, I think stealing and theft can be okay or justified in certain situations. For example, if someone without money or the ability to be hired needed food or clothing to survive, I would see that as excusable, considering a few cans of soup or a coat being stolen is not worse than a human life ending, or being severely worsened. In uhh most um cases though, I am glad josh spoke up first- stealing is pretty bad.
*people agreeing with Josh for 6 minutes straight*
This has to be a huge confidence booster for Josh
Woah buster that was indeed a close one at the end there
I'm dieying inside
This goes from funny to annoying to funny about 50 times
a gus skit over 30 seconds
Im in middle school and i can confer good sir that steallinv is bad
I agree with josh
Actually I’m going to have to disagree with josh on this, because honestly if you want my honest opinion like really honest like Um um what’s that word um oh ye truth be told I think that stealing is good under certain circumstances like um.. um actually stealing is not good and josh is correct heh
hey this is my current college experience too
I agree with Josh on this one
Brutal
when you run out of ideas:
How many damn people are in this f**king class
My teacher wife agrees with Gus on this video
2:02 the way he nonchalantly snaps that pencil worries me
I would also have to say that Josh's view is the same as mine
Plot twist: There was no Josh. All the students in the class just imagined him.
no way there are this many kids in a single classroom
6 MINUTES AND 38 SECONDS GUS
DUDE the part where God Johnson grabs his raising arm with his grabbing arm on the back of the head to keep his tired raising arm raised is too real.
Oh so non mediterranean schools didn't choose polemic topics? lame We would debate about OMGs or abortion
I think I’m gonna have to agree with Josh on this one.
You have 2.5 million subscribers.
everyone needs to listen to gus’ description more and just quit stabbing people
I’m not trying to knock Gus but how the hell did he get 6 minutes out of this 😂
I'm glad we could all agree that stealing is wrong
the script for this one must have been insane
I would say stilling is bad but permanently borrowing is okay
It took me 2 minutes to quit and I’m ashamed
Watched every second and honestly guys I have to agree with Josh on this one
too fucking real. the interruption back forth resonated with me on a profound level
You could all pass for middle schoolers on network TV
is that gus's sister in this one?
This is why we were assigned a position for high school debate
Thanks fellas
There are WAY too many kids in this class. RIP american public education
#stealingisbad
It’s so true. ESPECIALLY the part about agreeing with exactly what someone else said
Gus the only one that can say the same thing for 6 minutes and keep me entertained 😂
Pretty much everyone on r/unpopularopinions
To be quite honest and frank---I gotta say, to Josh's point, I agree that stealing is wrong.
Who else thought that was sven in a wig
From reading some of the comments about how this goes on for six minutes I would stop watching but no
i swear to god gus
This really went on for 6 minutes
Gus Johnson’s mom really said copy and paste lol
The blond guy looks kinda like Adam Driver.
I would've loved if you had reaction shots for every single person in their respective shirts for when the last guy disagreed
I can't believe I watched six and a half minutes of this lmao
When ur trying to get those discussion points
I love how it’s 6 minutes of everyone just saying stealing is bad
I seriously just watched Gus Johnson, his brother, and friends just say stealing is bad for 6 mins. Covid got us on that weird shit.
Ok where can i get that that schrute farm beets shirt tho lol
This video felt like it was 4 hours long and I love it
I'll admit it, I skipped ahead
i think you should add at the end one person making way too compelling of an argument as the devil's advocate
i feel like i was stuck in a time vortex
Bruh ya had me for 6 minutes that’s the punchline i was waiting for?
gee whiz that josh fellow sure knows what's up
Yeah I think stealing is pretty freaking bad, Josh hit the nail on the head with that one
Why are noah god and moses in middle school?
That was the best waste of 5 minutes
why did i watch this whole thing
Why did I watch this whole thing... And enjoy it
This is like what college message boards are like
In the New Testament, it reads “everyone shall go to heaven, except those who disagree with Josh”
Oh I thought this was youth group.
This was different for me. My first socratic seminar was in middle school
Just when you think there's a punchline... it gets better.
Someone tell me how many times someone says stealing is bad
There are a lot of students. Is this a one teacher school?
Ngl, I do believe Josh had a good point when he said "stealing is bad" so I'm going to have to agree
I honestly agree with Josh... so...
Josh is a saint.
it was the worst when u actually had a point but the only other person who cared is a racist or something
Thanks guys
I think Josh is stealing
College is opposite.
Thank you Mr. Chairman. The delegate of the United States of America would like to add on to the previous statement made by Mr. Josh in that the United States gives our full support of his message.
I agree with Josh, stealing is bad
yes
No way this goes on for 6 minutes
I honestly can’t tell if this is a loop
Stealing gets a “no good” out of 10
Josh :)
it's the same in college
Glad everyone agrees with me
you forgot me: who starts saying how stealing from large corporations is okay and how hobby lobby sucks. “hi, i’m gay.”👋🏻😃
Stealing is wrong
6.9k comments.  Nice
I was a minute in and was like no way there is 6 minutes of this but I loved all 6 minutes
I don’t know about you guys but I’m starting to think they agree with Josh
Is that your sister finally making an appearance?! 😄
Gus is starting to suffer from SNL syndrome. The sketch is too long and wears out the joke before it ends.
as a middle schooler I can comfirm   sorry confirm* why can't autocorrect work when you want it to
I hate myself for watching this whole video
I also like to state that I agree with Josh in which stealing is bad.
Literally watched this twice it's good great job
Wait so stealing is good?
I hated middle school
I wonder if everyone agrees with josh?
Josh watching this: 👁👄👁
I’m about 3 minutes in but just realized they never move on
I could see this being a successful feature-length film
Who had this big a class in middle school? ‘Discussions’ at my school would take a minute at most.
High school seminars: 29 kids all speaking up at the same time and speaking really quickly to make the same points using different evidence. This is to get an A within the half an hour we're alloted.
The only way this video would be better is if it was 10:01 long
I agree with the 24,601st person
One time during a discussion I disagreed with the entire class and was singled out. The teacher said "there's always one"     Never again shall I disagree with the majority.
I ate all my chinese food leftovers before this could finish
and the shirts were ON POINT
Ah, the good ol' reliable middle school classmate, Josh Gunson.
I just watched a 7 minuet video of stealing is bad
It got stale quick, but that's okay, they can't all be shotgun videos!
Might've gone a little too far with this one haha
They had a pile of clothes and thought of something to use it for
“I just want to play devil’s advocate for a second...”
Can we get a 'my boat'?   I think boating culture is legitimately hilarious and you could make a lot of jokes around it especially with that character.
You see, the title says middle school but this exact same thing happens in high school too
When you have to test out ur entire wardrobe on camara
i have come to HATE the name josh
i was going to put my own comment here but Josh stole it, Which is bad?
Was this all filmed in one shot?
I think stealing is good.
Thank you from agreeing with my statement everyone
I love that they were able to stretch out one opinion, all saying the same thing basically, for almost 7 minutes.
Imma have to agree with josh on this one.
Did I just waste six and a half minutes of my life watching people agreeing with someone who said stealing is bad?
This is the longest six minutes of my life
Can we all please subscribe to Josh's channel? Seems like a very intelligent guy
High school too. So painfully accurate.
This has also carried over to corporate meetings....
SHRUTE FARMS BEETS
After a certain point your were beating a dead horse. It went on a little long
Gus as a middle school teacher I think it was very inconsiderate of you to bring my work into my leisure time and I will be filing a formal complaint to Mr. Tube himself for this injustice.
AHHHH SO PAINFULLY ACCURATE THO
6:07 Damnit, what a tease. Waited 6 minutes to be let down. Fuck josh.
Hey gus
Honestly Josh's whole stance on the subject matter that is "Stealing," I'm just going to have go out and say it that I think he's just so spot on, right on the money, really hit it right on the margin. My opinions on such a subject matter has lead me to wholeheartedly agree with Josh on this one. I just think he's correct. Ya know.
Jesus how many kids in a class during covid
Six minutes of build up to a terrible joke has never been more entertaining before.
not bad, wayy too long lol
from what i'm hearing, i think stealing might be wrong
Anyone else so jobless they watched every second of this without skipping?!
Was hoping there would be a 'not to play devils advocate but'
Sounds about right
Never thought six minutes could be an eternity
You're lying if you said this isn't how most high school conversations went as well. You gotta get those participation points somehow
My mom likes to listen to me and my online class so im going to play this and see if i can fool her
This is all of my zoom classes now at my university
I agree with josh stealing is bad
get those participation points, y’all
Who is Jawsh and why am I already agreeing with him, someone please help.😅
Stretch this out to 30 minutes and it would be completely on point
Joshes parents should be proud they taught him good morals in regards to theft.
I think, stealing is bad?
Your awesome love from the UK ❤️🇬🇧
Wheres their masks?
Just a reminder that this is longer than most of his skits
After listening to everyone's valid points I'm going to have to go out on a limb and agree with Josh. I think he totally got it right on this one.
is it bad that my college is like this
I wish I was josh, but I was always too scared to be the first one to answer the question... Even though I would've probably said the same thing about how I kind of agreed with Josh with what he said that stealing is bad .. F$@# ITS SPREADING!
I’m starting to think stealing is bad... josh might be on to something here...
This is accurate but you forgot the two smart kids.
It feels like I'm trapped in purgatory
This is so accurate
Looting is stealing
That guy that robbed you must feel really bad rn
WHERE is the "just to play devil's advocate, stealing is good!"
Looting is bad
Dude this is SO LONG
take a shot everytime someone agrees with josh or says stealing is bad.
I just watched 6 minutes + of  what josh said
When you have to participate for points
That was the longest six minutes in my entire goddamn life.
This made me think just how good of a decision it was not to go into acting... I can't imagine doing all of these takes saying the same thing over and over, changing clothes and slightly altering the tone of my voice😂
Thor is 1 year older than me but looks about 6 years older. What are they feeding y’all up in Wisconsin?
I agree with josh, stealing is pretty bad
why is this so long? after the 1st minute a teacher would normaly either change topic or yell at the class for saying the same thing
Meanwhile, outside my middle school: _[muffled shouting about how stealing is good]_
stealing is underrated
My anxiety levels went through the roof while watching this
It’s SO LONG
Josh sure did steal the spotlight there... but stealing is bad. So I agree with Josh...?
Did I just watch 6 minutes of the same 4 people saying stealing is bad
The last thing any of my teachers wanted to do in middle school was open the classroom to any sort of discussion.
I don't know what you guys are saying I. Agree with josh.
Who is this unheard of fourth bröthēr with the red hair
Omg I actually watch the entire thing waiting for something different to be said and then ...
Damn, I wish I had such productive talks in school.
What about when no one volunteers so the teacher just picks the first person they make eye contact with.
A passionate 6:38 explanation on why the looting and rioting in the BLM protests is bad.
100% of them time it was more like "Hey kids, we're gonna have a discussion, is stealing bad? "  Students:  Teacher: okay, let's start on the left, everyone can stand up and say their opinion.  Students: "uh... yeah, stealing is bad we all think that, why do we all have to answer, this is stupid"
more like how discussion goes on twitter and reddit
is this just 6 and a half minutes of stealing is bad
Not a whole lot of genetic diversity in this classroom.
It probably took longer to watch this than it took to make
My mind now is thinking that they're all stealing Josh's answer.
Stealing is bad...
I think this class needs more antisocial kids
this video gave me anxiety  thanks i love it
Josh is the popular kid,I'd like to disagree.
A bit too long but still funny. Got old at like the minute thirty mark but still a good premise for a sketch.
I’m in 10th grade and they still talk like this
What class was this lol
I feel like everyone just stole Josh's answer...
the only thing inaccurate about this is the fact that the kids are raising their hands, i think there needed to be five more minutes of silence between agreements
I agree with Josh
I agree with Josh, the ceiling is bad
I’m a bit confused, could anyone clear up for me what Josh was saying?  I didn’t really catch that.
If you don’t agree with josh then don’t talk to me
Ive come to the conclusion that stealing is bad
This was definitely my high school discussions back then
The josh I knew in middle school stole two phones.
That wrong use of "literally" by the end of the video is so great
Legit had this exact convo with slavery as if anyone would support it. Disguised as a "socratic seminar"
This whole video is him flexing all his friends on us.
I just feel that not agreeing with josh would be a massive disappointment to our society, and if you like... don’t agree you will be smitten from up above!
This sounds like my high school
imagine this on a 10 hour loop.
This is pretty funny, but only for the first like 20 seconds. This goes on for waaaaay to long.
In my middle school in 8th grade the classes were separated so all the smart kids were all in the same class and had all our classes together so every class discussion in our classes were like the democratic debate cause we didn’t have to raise our hands and everyone had their own ideals
Josh is a legend and also I would like to say I agree with him
Drinking game: when someone agrees with josh, take a shot
I’ll be honest, I was eating ribs and couldn’t check if this was on replay so I thought I had just watched this video 40 times but no, it was in fact just once. Also, I agree with what Josh said. Just to clarify.
Oh, sorry teacher, I was just stretching my arm, I wasn't raising it to answer.
Didn’t watch cuz I don’t wanna go back to middle school. Thanks for making videos
Josh literally took the words right out of my mouth
Ok but whose gonna count how many students are in that class
Why does this sound like my college classroom
Middle school? I’ve experienced the same type of class discussion in college, lol!
forgot about that one kid that always asks to use the bathroom
i agree with josh
This is exactly how online college class discussions go as well 😢
If it's a chain, it's free reign.
Love the vids, this wasn't your best work tho
Fake. No way that many people in the class participate
As a middle school teacher I agree with what Josh said. Also fa real though!!
Bruh I'm starting 7th tomorrow. Can gus read my mind?
I just watch 6 minutes of people agreeing with Josh.....
i think that was the longest six minute video i’ve ever watched
this is exactly what my class discussions are like
"STEALING IS GOOD, EMBRACE ANARCHY" -that one fuckin guy
I really felt that when josh said stealing was bad.
This was too long. Could have been 4 minutes.
Josh is wrong
What a guy josh is, totally agree with the guy honestly!
I was the one who laughed and said that the other guy totally stole my answer lol.
How many kids are in that class like
I want thor's shirt, where do I do the find? The oj one
How did I dust watch that whole video without skipping.
Yea, I'd like to agree with Gus here, subscribe to @Gusbuckets
Omg hahahahaha
Josh for president 2020
where is the: *just to play devil's advocate...*
When you all change your answers slightly when working on homework as a group
well said Josh, taxation IS bad.
But what if just get this what if Josh was so correct that he got a Nobel prize
This is the longest video I have ever watched
You know, josh really said what needed to be said there stealing is pretty bad
Thing that happen today: 1. My friend say he don’t like Gus.... 2. My friend got run over by a car :( 3. I was sad.      *I lost my driver’s license*
damn josh is a pretty smart kid got a bright future and I would also like to agree with josh, stealing is bad
I bet you Josh is just saying stealing is bad when but he actually steals a lot.
You forgot about the one person who wants to play devils advocate on every discussion.
How annoying was it to change clothes for 7 min to say 10 words XD
34 kids is a lot for middle school
Uhh I uhh think josh was pretty spot on
How many duodecaplet siblings do you have. Some of them look familiar
Wow how did I watch the whole thing
How many students are there in this class?
Went on for a little long, but pretty accurate
This was 6 minutes of my life
how many kids are in this class
This was the most agonizing 6 minutes and 38 seconds of my life. It felt all too real
I like the part when they say " i agree with Josh"
We all know we did that just to get participation points because if we didn’t we would get a bad grade smh
I think they were recording this to show off their fashion senses
He goes on for to long
i remember i used to do this, but at one point i realized how pointless it was when other kids did it and stopped.
Im first lol im last
Was this to spite me personally for wanting every other bit to go on longer.... Gus is a fucking monster
Nah stealing is good
I'll have to disagree with Josh, I think stealing is good.
Gus, this video is too controversial. Please stay out of politics, fella.
Okay guys I thought about it. I thiiiiink.... I agree with Josh
I think I agree with Josh on this one
Why TF your classes so big bruh
Take a shot everytime someone says they agreed with josh
ok though, like i gotta agree with josh on this one
It is amazing to think that being inspired can be original.
Are middle schoolers these days watching seinfeld
This bit was just to showcase how many tee shirts they all had
If it's a chain... What is it kids? It's free, it's free reign yes yes that's correct
Stealing is bad, MMKAYYY.
you forgot about the kid that always ends up crying because of how impassioned they are about whatever subject it is
*”I think this is kinda like what josh said-“*
Yeah i agree with this video
I cat believe there’s six minutes of it
This fucking hurts so much cause I relate too much but damn you’re fucking funny Gus
Josh might be the next president when he get older !
My favorite part was the part with Josh!!
This must’ve been a nightmare to storyboard. I think it’s the most scenes/cuts/characters you’ve had in a video.
HOW BIG IS THIS CLASS!?
i’m with josh on this one
Wow, I even got really sick and tired of being part of this discussion, just like in middle school. Hit the nail on the head. Also, I kind of agree with josh.
Bro this is me in high school except you gotta day “perhaps” before your statement
I watched this nineteen times and still haven't noticed that they changed shirts
This is inaccurate. They wouldn’t talk about something as important as stealing they’d probably talk about how important it is to clean your clothes or something.
i agree with Josh, stealing is bad.
i agree with napolean that stealing is bad
As someone named Josh I'm going to have to agree with Josh, stealing is no good
Josh might have auto esteem over 9000 now
I just watched 6 minutes if people agreeing with Josh
Are you joshing me?
Wait, you talked during class discussions? What the hell?
great point
2:57 where can I get that shirt?
6 minutes of this.
no this is more when the teacher makes everyone give an answer
I'll come back when the comments have marinated
I'm gonna count how many times they said Josh and steal/stealing   Josh: *43*    Steal/Stealing: *26*
That was 7 minutes of my life Gus. You stole 7 minutes of.my.life. I don't know if you know this, but stealing is bad...
This is more accurate for college online discussions where you have to agree and disagree with 2 people.
joshua stole that idea.
Who is the girl in the video? Do they have a sister I haven't heard about? I don't recognize her from any other skits, anyway the look away eyeroll thing she does at 1:44 is really well done and hilarious, probably captures the idea of the video the best in my opinion, gus family and friends are all so funny.
Yes
I hate you for making this 6 minutes long
then there's the kid who says Wait What Was The Question ?
How are they against stealing when they stole that answer
I wanna know how many shirts they went through to make this video
Gus's content is slowly getting more and more meaningless
the one kid that he skipped lmao
God damnit, that "Vote for Pedro" Tee really ages me
What do you mean middle school? This happened all of highschool.
This is so impossibly funny to me
Yeah to be real with you guys I would have to agree with josh
when one guy’s discussion forum post has 20 replies
Yay your sister made an appearance!!!
I like how the proffesor's long sleeves is also worn by some of the students 😂
how many fucking people are in this class
Middle school? This is every discussion focused class I've had in COLLEGE
When you're trying to reach a word count....
That was 6 solid minutes for that punch-line...     Worth it.
I don’t wanna be a dick but I think this is the only video of gus’ that I actually didn’t like
2 minutes in I was like "there's no way this is gonna go on for 6 minutes"...... I stand corrected
Guys, nobody put a time code for the cool gamer moment, we must make the people wait and see if it even exist
That one kid that plays devil’s advocate but only for genocide or something. Literally they never raise their hand for anything else.
Participation is mandatory
I like the part where they agreed with josh
Spit out my drink when I saw the OJ shirt lmaooo
This was a 6 minute video showcasing peoples wardrobes
You forgot about that one piece of garbage that storms out of the room screaming because he doesn't agree with Josh. Feels personally attacked whenever someone agrees with Josh. And he wants you to feel personally attacked. Because he doesn't agree with Josh.
this is the best thing ive ever seen
is no one going to talk about the apple juice t shitt?
Yooo the sister made it into one of his videos!!
How big is this class
Not gonna lie I thought Thor was Sven but with a blonde wig, then I finally noticed it was all the Johnson kids.
i think (i know no one pays me to think here, but either way, fuck society) that josh was wrong and this video should have only been 30 seconds.
Hold on, how many kids in this class?
Josh should run for president.
HOLY SHIT HOW MUCH TIME DID THIS TOOK TO MAKE !?
Gotta agree with Josh and his peers!
Love him or hate him you gotta admit Josh is speaking straight facts
They were all stealing Josh’s opinion
Man, this videos message on stealing was pretty vague huh
i watched till 3:32 and my husband said this is so boring
I agree with Josh
This video made me hate everyone named Josh.
Wait what did Josh say?
This was a 6 minute video.
Josh’s uncle invented a real hoverboard and has a preview copy of Sonic the Hedgehog.
Yeah guys, I’m against stealing
god this is so scarily correct
What hypocrites, they say they agree with Josh that stealing is bad yet they all steal his point.
all Gus’s siblings look like different versions of him
Well, I think this video really nailed it on the head when it said that stealing was bad.
hey guys welcome to online school. and all i wanted to say to the rest of the class that stealing is a wrong thing and i dont like it and it scares me
I can’t believe I watched the whole thing, I’m such a sucker man.
Why did i watch the whole video
When the 2 smartest kids in the class have different answers
Josh is the hero we don't deserve, but the hero we need
So is stealing bad?
I look forward to the 13 hour extended edition
Ya know, I’m gonna have to bring up the fact that no one really focused on what Josh had to say during this discussion, don’t worry Josh I got you.
The twist ending that could’ve been
Well, what is stealing?
Shout out to Josh
Why was this so long
That school might probably have set the world record for the most number of multiple births ever 👬👬
So I was going to comment but Josh friggin said it before me! Haha, come on Josh.
Honestly........ stealing good 🏃🤸
VOTE FOR PEDRO
omg so true
So... its the teachers fault that they asked the most baby brain questions and expected students to reply in the same way MLK responded to segregation in the United States...            Yup, that's what happened.
A middle schooler in 2020 wearing a vote for Pedro shirt
That's a large class
100% Accurate     I was the Josh
truly frightening how realistic this was  the only thing we're missing is the kid who disagrees the whole time just to be different
Honestly guys, I’m gonna have to agree with Josh on this one.
I am starting to teach my new middle school class tomorrow this was a bright spot of laughter. I also couldn't help but think, "The teacher should then ask, 'Okay, is there any situation where stealing might be the right thing to do?"" Ah well, ruined the fun for myself. AS I SHALL RUIN THE FUN FOR THE 7TH GRADERS TOMORROW! BWAHAHAA
Just to piggyback off of what Josh said-
Surprised Gus/Josh is taking such a bleeding heart stance on the Riots. Hope things can stay civil in this comment section.
LOVE THE VOTE FOR PEDRO SHIRT!!!!!!!
Why did I watch the whole thing
How did I watch this whole video?
6,484th
This is just a test to see if we'll watch the whole video. Jokes on you, I'm gonna watch the whole thing! Enjoy that while you look at the analytics, JOSH! 😜
but I dont think anyone agrees with how Josh treats his roommates
I also think josh was right stealing is bad
was jus wachn u cu
This is like that Seinfeld episode where they're all trying out the best way to say "these pretzels are making me thirsty"
My name is Josh, and it was nice feeling like everyone agreed with my for 6 minutes there
I, uh, for one, think Josh actually does not think stealing is bad, because, um, he totally stole Brian's girlfriend, and so I think he like, actually LIKES stealing, which I think is, uh, pretty messed up.
This is true
Josh is such a G. Remeber when Josh said stealing is bad?!?! OMG, he was so right!...I'm with Josh...Josh
5 minutes in i realized the joke was that they were all stealing Josh's point
Josh is now elected president
School actually started today im taking on the 8th grade.
Hey there, middle school teacher here.  I have to agree with Gus, he really hit the nail on the head here.
They all said stealing is bad, but they stole Josh's point
But what does everyone have against the ceiling?
Why did i watch this lol this was accurate though not gonna lie
Well, personally, I agree with Josh, stealing is not good
I legit did not like this skit. I was just kinda sitting through it to see if something interesting would happen but nothing ever did. And I get that making something super uninteresting is the point because what middle school class discussion ever is interesting but still.
Goddamit why did I think that somehow the ending was different
Wait, why is mom in this video?
Just to shed more light on Josh's opinion about stealing is that its for not good people and yeah you should get in trouble if you steal. Stealing is bad
Never have people agreed with me so much in such little time
Did anyone else start to wonder for real whether stealing was bad or not about halfway through?
my name josh so video good me like
Middle school? You mean a conversation in 2020 😂.
I did not waste my time.
I watched 6 minutes of this?
I have never heard my name said so many times
This one was pretty drawn out, and lost it's humor pretty quickly. I watched the whole video hoping there were some funny bits mixed in, but honestly I wish I hadn't. You can do better, Gus, and I'm looking forward to your next video. Best wishes to you, friend.
hanne's debut was definetly right on the money i mean she really hit it home on this one and hit the nail right on the head
Cool
This is also college discussion posts
This is like an endurance test! Lol
I agree with what Gus said in these comments. We all should really follow him on Twitter
is this like 6 minutes of agreeing with Josh?
As an actual middle school teacher... I agree with Josh.
How the fuck is this so accurate
this is just like that recent canvas discussion board skit
dislikes are from people who like stealing.
this was the longest 6 minutes of my life
This is exactly how our discussions went....in graduate school....
I'm starting to think stealing is bad.
Can we get a 10 hour version?
My brain hurts from how much they agree with josh
I mean like I kinda agree with Josh. Good point Josh.
Personally I agree with Josh
Did... Did I- have I just sat to see an entire video about three different individuals, who changed clothing items, while agreeing with a lad named josh that... stealing is bad? Top notch comedy.
Man, this video just got more grueling the longer it went on. 🤣
Gus had to stand there and say yep to the air for a full 2 minutes to get the clips of the teacher
Not realistic, they managed to stay on the subject for more than 20 secs
Is that the elusive forth Johnson sibling?
Our convos be like:  Which Ferrari Or what house
Why did I spend 6 minutes watching this
guys stop stealing my idea, stealing is bad
A Mankato shirt?
Hello, my name is Josh, and I think stealing is bad.
Idk guys i can see where josh is coming from but like also what about people who think it's okay?  I mean I'm not one of them I'm just sayin
This is so accurateeee
Josh had some valid points though. Not every school has Josh.
Governments steal all the time- it’s this ploy they call “taxes”.
I agree with Josh, but... I don't want to steal his thoughts on the matter:/
I swear they have gold in their genes. Look at those beautiful beautiful babies.
Why did I watch all six minutes thinking anything would change at all
Props to the teacher for leading a class of 34 twin siblings.
im going to steal josh's idea here.  stealing is bad
Cause josh was the only one who did the reading so everyone tryin to reword it 😂
Did you hear Josh and Sarah are dating!! Josh is so crazy bro
As a teacher, this is painfully accurate.
This one went on for about 3 minutes too long
“I was just gonna say...” is the most classic opening line when a teacher calls on you”
So which one is Josh?
I love the concept, I did think it was 3 minutes too long
I am going to agree with Josh. I dont know if he said it but I think that stealing is bad.
Not funny
I can’t believe I watched ads for this garbage. See you next video
Josh and the teacher and that girl with then jean jacket look like they could be related.
Vote for Pedro
W h y
*Me, an Australian, in the middle of the discussion* "Well all our ancestors stole bread to get here so Stealing can't be that bad"
The irony is that they were all kinda "stealing" Josh's answer, lol. 😂 Loved this video. Fantastic job as always!
Basically I think what Josh was joshing about josh was pretty josh, so I’m going to have to go ahead and josh with Josh
You forget to edit this down to 30s?
i have 20 gods work our hands t shirts in sizes 4t to adult m
Y did I watch the entire video?
Sounds about right and highschool isn't that different lol
Why is everyone wearing a different shirt in every scene
This video is one hour long
Future politicians
I have to go with Josh too
Any1 saw the mic on their shirts 😂😂
Why?
How can they make a 6 minute video just saying the same thing
They all stole the same answer as Josh smh
josh claims stealing is bad, but he stole my answer on this one
I'm going to go ahead and agree with anyone who thinks this video was bad.
I'm with Josh on this one.
That video was definitely an hour long
I also have to agree with josh that stealing is bad
Josh 2021
Some of those guys look similar but that josh guy seems cool and he has my vote
Is this the first video with their sister?
I am in middle school and I can tell you that this is very true
The only thing I got out of this video is that THOR DID BOOGER WALL.
Since we are talking about stealing i remember this one time my friend stole a pen from his teacher and that was really bad
Lesson of the video: Stealing is good. Wait. Can you repeat the question?
This video: I agree with Josh  Me: Hehe, that's me!
Guys, this is really hard to say, not a very popular opinion, but I am going to put my own honor on the line here and say that I actually agree with Josh.
Each sibling looks like a default kid in school that you would see from time to time but wouldn't necessarily interact with.
I agree with Josh
This was way too long. I would've cut it off at like 2:38
Bro this is so accurate
Can't believe I watched the whole thing
To piggy back off of what josh said..
I remember trying to argue the other side because everyone was saying the same thing, and everyone, including the teacher, piled on me. Was not fun.
What about that one kid that's like, "well, if you're stealing from like, robbers or nazis or something, maybe it's ok"
I can’t believe I just watched 6 minutes and 38 seconds of them saying stealing is bad in different ways and been entertained the whole way through
How is this so damn arcuate
1:35 Gus and Sven have the same smile, so cute!
How many kids are in this class??
I would just like to agree with Gus’s comment that piggybacking off of other tweets on Twitter is a good idea and you should go to his twitter
Well I disagree with josh so SUCK IT JOSH but he did let me drive his dad's camaro once sooo STILL SUCK IT
Lmao
Thanks for the support fellas I knew you guys would have my back on this one
This was so accurate that it's scary lol. Amazing video
this is relevant in university as well
Well I don’t like you 🤣😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣
I agree with Josh that stealing is bad.
@4:05 @phillipsoloTV What the hell happened to you man?!?
DANGIT GUS I JUST WANTED ONE PERSON TO SAY IT WAS GOOD!
Why do they have so many changes of clothes in a place that's obviously not their home????????
I love the way they all end up wearing the teacher’s shirt
Guys, this might be a tad controversial on my part, but Josh is kinda soeakin facts tho
To be fair, Josh made some really valid points that are hard to ignore, when he said that stealing is bad
I AgReE WiTh jOsH!
Ceiling is bad.
how many people are in this classroom?
Can I get a rebate for the 6 minutes and 20 seconds I spent watching this? See, normally even if things aren't hilarious they are at least sorta funny or entertaining. This wasn't either of those. Not hilarious, not sorta funny, not entertaining. I just think this isn't what I spent my money on (I bought YouTube Red for a few months a few years back, and so I believe part of that money worked its way over here somehow), and I'd t like my time back  @Gus Johnson  You can contact me at my business e-mail, JayKaySayHey@gmail.com  I look forward to your correspondence, and I'd like it to be known that I am not an unreasonable man, and I can be reasoned with to alter my compensation to something that is more permissible should you deem any of this to be not to your liking or capability.
I agree with Josh
I can't believe I watched that
About halfway through this I wanted to scream, and that feeling continued lmao. Until the last kid ahaha
Whoa hold up. There’s a 4th Johnson!?
Where’s the awkward 15 seconds of silence when no one answers that drag ms the class into infinity.
Y the fook you looking at the comments before the vid finished?
They all say stealing is bad, yet they're all stealing Josh's opinion. Not cool.
actually so relatable
Middle School? This is what my 9th grade English class sounded like
i felt like i was watching this video for 3 days
Who's the glassy guy in the Gus Johnson merch?
So true but this also applies in elementary
I agree with josh stealing is bad
Guys I think stealing is bad
take a shot everytime anyone said "josh"
Steal bad mkay
you forgot the foam stress ball that we have to pass around to the next person who speaks
this was every social studies class in seventh grade
Hot take here, but Josh is kind right about this one
Also online college course discussion boards 🤣🤣
This is what can be done with some family, an empty room and a ton of shirts.
I think imma have to agree with josh on this one too
You love the name Josh lol
I fully agree with Josh, stealing is bad
I feel like I'm being brainwashed here. Is there some low frequency signal in the background that will make me into a secret assassin if the trigger word is used?
longest 6 and a half minutes of my life
...and in high school and undergrad.
I gotta say guys, josh really hit the point, stealing is bad
As a middle schooler, I can confidently say this is always how it goes
Plot Twist:  His name is actually Joss
Was this really just six fucking minutes of people saying they agree with Josh
so guys, how do we feel about stealing ?
Josh has a point, it has come to my attention that stealing may be pretty bad.
ssttoooOOOOOOOOOOOOOOPPP
i was the annoying ass kid who was always wanting to talk and it’s funny cuz now i have ✨crippling social anxiety✨
Jesus we get it
Half of my classes in high school were like this
There are 36 students in this class.
Please do more with different subjects.
So uhh I actually disagree with josh, I think stealing is ok
I'm just waiting for the disagreement with Josh😂
Dude it so true for my school kids do this all the time
How many kids are in this class
I agree with josh
could have also been named: "how every zoom meeting goes"
Prepare to get tons of notifications a few years from now when new subscribers watch this video and comment "i have to agree with this one"
that was a video about how classroom discussions went in middle school
I want to know how many hours of footage was cut from the video
I also agree with josh, our Prometheus, theee guy
Why isnt there that one kid who has to go to the bathroom when raising his hand???
I love that these guys just have a theatre company chilling upstairs in the den.
#IAgreeWithJosh
I love that most of your videos of skits are like :26 seconds long and that this stretched out forever made it so much funnier.  So I’m gonna have to agree with a josh in the comments that I am sure already said something to get thumbs up on utilizing his screen name for a small sliver of glory.
Really surprised that Gus still remembers middle school, I’ve blocked 99% of it out.
The part where two kids started talking at the same time and when everyone gasped when Gus disagreed, broke me. This was exactly what my middle school ELA class was like.
I’ve had class discussions like this in college 🤯😂
hani reveal?
It's like "what's your thoughts on stealing" "stealing is bad" everyone else is like "what the fuck do I say now"
You like hot fudge sundays.
yall missed one thing. that one dude who brings up phycology, morals, and what is wrong and right. what defines if something is good or not.
You can tell this video is inaccurate because it was only 7 minutes of people agreeing with Josh. In a real life situation, it would be 30 minutes of people agreeing with Josh.
i would love to see a middle schooler wearing a Seinfeld shirt
Some excellent points made by all! Josh!!
My freshman year english class discussing Of Mice And Men
Man...this guy Josh is a freaking genius
I think i have to agree with 0:19 this guy
Gus, you forgot the kid that would say "Well, from a historical perspective, there are a lot of ethical implications that go along with the taking of personal property of which does not belong to you, and although the social conventions of human nature present a moral dichotomy, I would have to say that, based on past precedent, as a generalization, stealing is bad."
This made me want to scream but I couldn’t turn it off
5:31 Gus ran out of clothes and had to turn his shirt backwards.
I agree with Josh, stealing is bad mmmkay
I also agree with the agreement of agreeing with Josh 🧐
the changing of shirts makes this so much better
I was waiting for the teacher at the end to go, "Okay, but what if you had to steal to save your family from DYING?" They always loved the devils advocate questions
Honestly this was not at all how it went for me, I have a million thoughts in my head nonstop so I mean I would kind of answer a question and then accidentally steer the entire lesson into some weird discussion on aliens or mermaids or something
It was like this all the way through high school too
Yet, there are still people who dont know this.
You forgot the guy who was shaking his hand super high in the air trying to get called on.
anyone else here also agree with josh
What about that one kid who disagrees, because he thinks he’s funny?
About a minute in I was like “there’s no way this goes for 6 minutes”
How many people are in this class?
Love u gus keep up the great vids
I sat through all of it thinking something would happen
My name is josh and I want to thank people for agreeing with me
Yeah i have to agree with josh but thats what i was going to say but you know i give it to him but mister how many kids are there i class today
Vote for Pedro
Is this literally 6 minutes of them repeating that stealing is bad?
Personally I had people constantly disagreeing with me after making the first point, although my name is not Josh; living in Florida may have skewed the statistic
Hey just adding onto what Josh said—... oh, um, I forgot what I was going to say. Come back to me.
This felt like 6 hours of agreeing with josh instead of 6 mins
This video felt 20 fucking minutes long
i wonder what their opinion is on what josh said about stealing..?
Wow, Josh had some really valid points in this. Thank you Josh.
Why did I watch the whole thing
This is on point in every way.
B r u h six minutes of my time wasted. Nice. XD
Guys I think I'm gonna agree with Josh on this one.
Yes I agree with Gus that this is indeed how middle school discussions went
Does this go on for 6 minutes??
This is the same as high school,
Gus joshson
college too
In all honesty though, I'd probably agree with Josh
I really hope this had a script
I actually lied. I like stealing.
I can't believe this goes on for 7 minutes. This video is the most accurate of how a socratic seminar works.
Cant believe this video is 6 minutes long
Gus this is your best video yet and I hope it gets on trending and you are the first youtuber to get to 300 trillion scrubsbricers
This is exactly what happens in my Spanish class. She’ll start talking about some Hispanic culture thing and ask for our opinions and some brave soul will raise their hand and everyone will copy literally the exact words they said and she won’t care.
This is the longest video I’ve ever watched.
This was kinda a backwards way of convincing me stealing is good because I was so damn desperate to hear something else
Twins jacket over Brewers? Noice.
This is the amount of people that actually made it through the whole video   v
am i the only one that agrees with josh??
It got to the point where I started to think everyone was saying that ceilings were bad....
How to not have high watch time %
You're all wrong, looting is a valid form of protest.
This is a pretty big class.
Hey guys, Josh -Josh
1:35 me everytime
I watched the whole thing. I need a job
Way too many students in one room. There's no way they're properly social distancing
It’s funny how 1 minute into this I actually thought they would move on
If its bad to steal then why  deos the government steals our money
Dang there’s a lot of kids in that classroom
Can we all just acknowledge that we just watched a 6 minute video on 4 people in different outfits saying "stealing is bad"?
This is the weirdest experience I've had watching a YouTube video
This was church
That OJ shirt.
That guy totally looks like napoleon dynamite tho...oh, yeah. And I agree with josh.
I'm the one with the dyed hair sitting on the windowsill in a black hoodie despite it being 95° in the classroom who monologues for a minute about capitalism but it really could've just been summed up in "I hate rich people"
dammit i miss middle school...
bro i did this crap in high school too lmao
Can't believe I just watched 6 minutes of people saying stealing is bad
I would have to agree with Josh on the  topic of discussion which is stealing. Stealing is quite bad, and actually frowned upon in socities today. I am 100 percent sure that stealing is illegal and can put get you a fine or up to a set amount of time in jail, depending on the item you steal. So yeah gonna have to agree with Josh on this one.
I’m gonna pause on your podcast so I can watch this video while I eat my subway sandwich 🥪
“stealing is not good and not only that it’s probably really bad”
You missed the comedian who goes, “uh actually um stealing is actually um really good” *snickers’ And then the rest of the class laughs except for maybe one kid and the teacher wants to kill himself.
"I agree with Josh that *ceiling* is bad."
Fun fact 50 people can’t be first
This just 6 minutes of people agreeing with Josh
I feel like this is high school and college too
This is longer than Bohemian Rhapsody
Guys, imma go out on a limb here and say that, despite how crazy it may seem, I think stealing might actually be bad.
Inaccurate. No one is stuttering.
this is iconic
Only Gus Johnson can make me resonate so much with a joke about something that happened 14 years ago
It’s like this but the teacher calls on people for not raising their hands
I have to steal.  Only stealing from big corps tho. Good on you coming from a "normal family" etc.. Love your vids.
Can confirm
Sven gorgeous as ever!
Why the heck did I watch the entire thing and actually enjoy it the whole time
How is this so accurate
They all have the same teeth lol
Finally.... im appreciated
My favorite part was when they said that stealing was bad
Tbh this is how class discussions still go in college
How many kids are in this class, and why do they all look the same?
The only inaccurate part was nobody said concur not knowing what concur means. I love Gus
Stand With Josh
