Welcome to the terrifying world of fangs, fur, and very large medallions. It's Bee Dee Gee's Hee Bee Bee Gees.  stream on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/album/0GOWf73AODnueap6qkvsOJ?si=7L6aAER3TqiNeUDO2jNhZg watch Tragedy: https://youtu.be/zSZGkk8neHg Only two songs this year (thanks to a certain health insurance video), which was quite painful due to my love of the Bee Gees and the fact that they made so many perfect songs for Halloween, but I hope you enjoy them nonetheless.
Oh my. I have been captured in the vampires thrall.
Undead as disco.
lestat's theme song
THIS IS SO FUCKING SALAI
Happy Halloween 2025 ghoulies!
We don't talk about how INCREDIBLE this vocal performance is enough. Happy Ween, y'all!
HAPPY HALLOWEEN EVERYONE
i have without exaggeration been thinking of this song for several months
I missed BGD halloween releases 😭
Brian! You missed a golden opportunity to say "blah blah blah blah stayin' alive..."!
Imagine this playing in your head 24 hours a day 365 days a year and you have a small glimpse into the madness of Clan Malkavian
I am coming back to this video in spite of knowing BDG will never see this, but I needed him to know that I am grateful this exists, because it means I got to show my mother a hilariously put together homage celebrating one of her favorite bands. She passed this year, and re-listening to this made me smile today. Thank you, Brian. Keep /Slaying/ Alive, amirite
How did I miss this by two whole years!? I could swear I saw everything!
This is my halloween costume
After beg drinks the one guys blood all I can see is Kayne from malevolent
RIP to Remmik, he would have loved disco
seriously, that shot in the bathroom with the mirror is a very good effect.
the definition of how to strut.
I've adored this song ever since it came out and decided to do a drag performance to it and now can confirm it is SO danceable https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hqQh4QNR9xQ
3:05 Hozier?
Thank you for being you and making me smile.
Okay the towel pull in the mirror was GOOD
unironically better than the original
brian has never looked so much like pat gill
Eu amo como o cabelo dele é cheio de movimento.
Imagine someone's trying to save a life and this is what pops up into play
I didn't expect this voice fitting a vampire so well but the little screeches sound like bats and it's perfect
Shadowheart: "I've got a mark on my hand that gives me pain" Gale: "I have to eat magic artifacts or I'll explode" Karlach: "My heart is literally an engine"  Astarion:
In spite of BDG being a straight man, this song and character cannot be anything but bisexual
Astarion
Every Halloween I come back to rewatch this.   Now it's February, though...
should've been "being un-dead" has the same flow and makes more sense.
Didn’t listen to this when it came out. My mistake. You’re absolutely ripping on this track and I should’ve known you would.
You haven't lived unless someone's looked at you this way 2:55
So no Halloween videos this year? :P
2:30 just noticed that he doesn't have a reflection :P
Still awaiting a new album of this stuff, genuinely some of my favorite songs
Time for my yearly re-listen to all of BDG's spooky season songs!
i just realized this song rhymes jiangshi with banshee, this man is a genius
It's that time of the year again!
IT'S OFFICIALLY SPOOKY SEASON AGAIN TIME TO LISTEN TO THE BDG
It's October first, you know what that means... LISTENING TO THIS ALBUM NONSTOP
the polaroids of Karen and you are sooo beautiful!!
Using this to practice for my cpr test. Not only is it catchy, but also usefull
"this isnt going to turn me gay"  BDG putting on the glasses 3:23
you deserve a nobel peace prize. your name should completely take the place of mother theresa's. you could end famines and conflicts with that voice.of yours
Reminded of Louis from Interview with the Vampire
Alucard, after being added to Dead by Daylight:
The editing quality on this is so good and it needs to be appreciated more
I keep coming back to this song
The most beautiful rendition.
i can’t un hear this version of the song
So rhyming Banshee and Jiangshi was fucking sick and I just want everyone to know that I deeply appreciated that.
I'm a VtM storyteller, and as soon as I saw this I message one of my best friends who plays in my games a link to this and the message "new malk concept: guy whose derangement is that he thinks it's still the 70s" XD
this is the best thing i’ve seen today
I would make a deal with a demon to get a third bdg horror disco album. I genuinely listen to these year round
Alan, you shouldn't have come in here.
just discovered his channel   he's my type
"Whether you're a banshee or whether you're a jiangshi, you're stayin' alive" will lie rent-free in my brain forever.
I am forever in love with the stereotype of a vampire who externally is extremely sexy and confident  But internally is a huge dork who doesn't know what the fuck to do with eternal life
It feels like this bearded BDG was the start of a new Era. When his hair was all short, it was the tamest he'd ever been. As he did unraveled and his hair grew, so did his madness. Then he trimmed it and grew the mustache, and it felt like he started to channel Dionysis. Now he has long hair and a full beard, and now only the wild Panic of the dead god Pan flows through him
Danny Sexbang now has competition for 'Sexiest Musician in Existence'
I've come back to this thought multiple times, and BDG from about 3:05 onwards is very much Crowley from Good Omens vibes
the most admirable part of this video is that he bothered to make captions.
BDG looks so much better here with his natural look and fangs extended, instead of wearing makup and retracting his fangs like in every other video.
this is so neige from not quite dead core
With his current long, long hair and beard, BDG looks even MORE like the secret fourth Bee Gee
I don't know why I find this man so hottttttttttt. Help meeeeeeeeeeee.
*falsetto belting* 😆
I listened to this version on loop before ever listening to the original and tbh the original's energy is lacking in comparison
I can't believe I've lived without this for so long
Well, I think Brian would be a Toreador in VtM.
I need someone to make an Astarion thirst trap using this song
Dude! This is so good!
my man really has no business being this talented
Wait no, you’re winter king not marceline. Ya can’t do that
huge missed opportunity to have this but done by a zombie
This song helped me through a medical scanner, thank you very much for the "and it's all alright and it's ok" it really helped me
BDG's HBBG
I scream this song driving home from the airport at 2am
It is a crime this hasn’t reached 1M views yet. The face 2:52 make me laugh so hard I’ve watched just that part at least 10x in a row😂
We have come so far from the saturday shorts and I love it
ok but how did you do those walking takes so smoothly?
I hope we get a third installment at some point. Idk if we will, but I'm holding onto that sliver of hope.
coming back to this song is my halloween tradition
the echoing screams are my favorite noises ever produced
Congratulations on becoming a Toreador vampire who's convinced Disco was the peak of aesthetic beauty
I miss the unraveled series
If silly, why hot??
I hope one day we can get more of Bee Dee Gees Hee Bee Bee Gees. I'm imagining "How Deep is Your Love" performed by sirens. Or the Kraken.
accurately gay for a vampire
Why are the houses fungus? XD
80s disco vampires is an untapped market that bdg has tapped into and I didn't realize how badly I wanted it.
this but Jim Moriarty dancing like the psychopath he is in the background
Bonus points for the towel gag!
gender envy
Once again it's that time of year, and getting in my recommended
Much better than Mrobius.
IT'S SPOOKY SEASON BABY!
I do hope that BDG is able to release a new horror disco song (although I'd understand if he couldn't- it looks like he's had a busy schedule lately!)
As we edge ever closer to Halloween the only thing I am really excited for is what he'll do this year.
I know its only september, but i am really looking forward to this year's songs. Like who is the next Halloween villain?
Why am I loving this unironicly 😅😂
I truly hope to see this Halloween tradition continued this year :D
How dare you craft a superior version of the original. WITCHCRAFT
Ducking incredible
this is so What We Do In The Shadows-coded
It's true what they say: disco is undead
HEAT
That is amazing!
Damn your falsetto is just insane
here's hoping BDG's Halloween bangers can reach this level this year
Really good mirror editing, and the pulling down of the towel? Now you’re just showing off
We're not talking enough about how ABSURDLY good Brian's falsetto is.
"if you're low you ought to go hang with nosferatu" is one of the most insane rhymes i've ever heard
Now im addicted to that sanguine swing
Shouldn't this be "Staying Undead"?
I like to think that this is the same vampire from lay all your love on me
Damn
I am BEGGING YOU BRIAN PLEASE MAKE MORE HALLOWEEN COVERS I EAT THIS SHIT UP
All right well here’s a crossover I never expected. My love for Halloween and penchant for disco thank you
damn the new castlevania soundtrack is bloody brilliant
Dying for those boots 😩
the problem with halloween songs is that there's never enough of then. People stopped making them for some unknown reason.. thank god BDG is here
Thank you for 80% of my entire drag portfolio xoxox
this is the version I'm going to use to keep tempo if I ever have to give chest compressions
The more I watch this, the more BDG just looks really tired and pasty white, instead of a vampire. Lol
With every video that he makes, it shows even more bisexual energy. Nice job, man! Keep it up!
"Wheðer you're a banshee or wheðer you're a jiangshi you're stayin' alive, stayin' alive."  Yoshika approved.
if this vampire will keep wearing silver around its neck it wont be stayin' alive for much longer
I need to know where he got those boots
thank you and the beegee ghee dbee dee sbe dussee bede bees
real good stuff
You should make thriller performed by a werewolf
what about a song about a fire elemental looking for love, a parody of hot stuff?
Words cannot describe my EXCITEMENT while watching this video!!!
i can't wait for october because hopefully he'll cover more disco songs
Disco is Undead!
better than the twilight movies I've never seen the twilight movies
He has the RANGE, darling
Very high quality, going in the “Favorites” playlist for sure
(this is drag)
I sure hope those chains aren't real silver...
I saw this the day it came out and I just now got the title and I feel so dumb, I didn't think about "Bee Dee Gee's" until now, just thought it was random more words for fun.
jonah scott…. is this the same as drawfee and legoshi jonah scott or a different jonah scott???
Bloody brilliant!
this deserves to have millions of views
Narcissist
5 months later and much like this vampire, I'm still thirsting
That was amazing. My favorite rendition of this song by far.
“Bee Dee Gee’s Hee Bee Bee Gees” 💀
Glad to see "bees" still supporting that patreon
i cannot wait till this halloween when we're greeted with "Virtual insanity, performed by a Cyborg Murderer"
Brian “Dracula” Gilbert
is it just me or was this video unexpectedly hot
I liked the part where the vampire killed LegalEagle
now i need bdg to cameo on wwdits as a disco vampire
the groove on this man
9/10, would be a 10/10 if you turned into a bat at some point
Please make Kararoke versions of your Halloween Tracks some day
10/10, would dance and blow voice out to 2 hours before an unfinished assignment is due in the middle of the night again
The main question here is, is Brian in this video a Toreador, or a Malkavian who has been perpetually trapped in a Bee Gees dimension inside his mind?  Either way, impeccable vibes.
that dope ass falsetto belt at the end made me FEEL things
Who’s next Halloween? Please tell me it’s Donna Summer.
I never knew i needed this
Love the mirror trick, excellently done! Parody was also awesome, but that really sold it.
this song makes me want to donate all my blood immediately
most of the comments at this point are just simping for vampire brian and i for one support it
This is just so good. I cannot get over it.
IT'S MORBIN' TIME
Brian David Gilbert can do no wrong
It's ya girl, that chick whose toddler loves BDG's music. She loves this one, too.
the serve here is UNPARALLELED
2:28 the part where isn't reflected in the mirror but the towel is moved to drive that point home. It's a real "Bumping the lamp" moment. I love that shit.
still listening to this in january
When I use this version for CPR a lot of people ask me what I’m singing, usually the person I’m performing CPR on
I choose to believe there was no treadmill used in the making of this video. Karen must have been on a skateboard filming Brian strut in front of a quarter mile of green screen. It's the only way.
I hope this is the same vampire just a few centuries later
Brian looks SO MUCH like young Barry Gibbs it's WILD how much they look alike!   Amazing video, the falsetto/vocals are AMAZING, and Karen's work is also brilliant as always. Thank you for blessing us with this.
I just realized I am still listening to this song every single day
Jesus man!!!
What an absolute banger
Goodness Bdg just has such a way to be subtley the best dang songwriter!! Like without fail! The "(They're just so *Good*!)" Line Genuinely syncing with the rest of the music and being just enough time after the setup is just perfect  And it isn't really music related, but that one lower pitched scream at the end of Ah(AAGH!) Gets me every dang time.  You're just so good, man
Never woulda taken BDG as a Lasombra.
Multiple bloodsuckers have attempted to rob me of my essence during my viewing of this video
It's so ironic that BDG's advice on medical insurance has so many more views, but as someone with no insurance, it's a vampire.
big NITEMAYOR -- Vampire vibe, we love to see it
how the fuck do you hit those high notes man
Damn this is good.
I've said it once, and I'll say it again: if his music doesn't end up in an episode of What We Do in the Shadows, I will be very dissapointed.
I cant get over his high notes! I wish I could do that! Bdg!! You rock!
That falsetto though got damn
Gee Bee Dee See Geeby See Wee Vee Nee Gee?
The dancing really elevated the video
this is actually brilliant, like dude you’re so skilled omg. this is so fun and the transition from sobbing into singing was iconic
IT'S JUST SO GOOD!
bisexuality incarnate
I miss BDG's Flanders look.
Coming back to this every now and then to hear bdg transition from sobbing into the falsetto because it is immaculate
When he hits those highs. Ugh.... chills...
Im like 90% sure that this is the same vampire in the lay all your love over me cover just after the break up
swagger unmatched
Vampire Brian is my sexual awakening
Incredible
bdg pls do some donna summer next. i think there is some major ominous Last Dance potential
Autoplay brought me here I've no idea what this is but it's funny
Okay but the vocals?!
Holy fuck
0:22 God, I love that transition.
Does anyone love how much swagger he puts into his walk? He may be undead, but he moves like he's very much alive!
0:20 I’m still shocked by this amazing transition into song every time I listen to this video
this has no rights to be this good
Rhyming banshee with jingshi is so fucking clever
a beard that's undeniably werewolf coded, and yet he plays the vampire.
The first 40 seconds of this are gorgeous
Don’t stop 😡
Honestly BDG is SLAYING that look!
Vampire the Masquerade, but instead of depression, it's just disco vampires.
This is great, and helps remind me how awesome the Bee Gees were.
Yup, this is going straight into my Toreador's playlist
Please let BDG be our next Weird Al. PLEASE.
please just make it an acronym
I would like to suggest that these are halloween HEROS, not villains
I am watching this in November, but can I just say that this is incredible. The music video truly makes it
choosing to believe this is the same vampire from AHHH!BBA
Can anyone explain how does he walk so believably on what I presume is just the usual stationary green screen he records on?
BDG calling himself Bee Dee Gee is the most blursed thing
Hi, where can I get this AMAZING disco suit? By the way I love ya
congratulations on one million, mr. gilbert! well done! very happy for you :D
very clever with the towel
How I imagined this video idea was birthed.  Someone: Hey, BDG. That beard with your long hair makes you look like a Gibb brother lol. BDG: Staying alive, amirite? BDG: Wouldn't it be ironic if a dead person sang staying alive? Like a vampire.
brian where did you get the... um... blood bags
I want to be you
Production Time: 2-4 weeks How long is this song gonna be stuck in my head: 2-4 years
In all seriousness, this such a satisfyingly dark video about addiction. The violet purple dance of decadence is such an accurate portrayal of the rush and the flushed feeling you get when you give into your vice.
This was brilliant 🤣
0:24  I adore whoever does the subtitles/closed captions
I have that same pendant! Also the mirror bit is the best.
Holy fuck this is so good
BDG's chaotic queer energy is almost too powerful
it's like a bird's mating dance... and it works
Legitimately a great look for Brian.  I see no reason why he should ever don another.  Well, mb in a few centuries, but for now it’s a great look.
I adore you please never stop I cannot stress enough how crucial your new songs and ahhhbba have been to my psyche
Love the Saturday Night Blood Fever!
Congrats on a million subs!
King shit 👑
but arent you... undead
falsetto belting is now my favourite thing in the world
I clicked because I thought you were Larry Rickard.🫥 Cool, though!!😝
3:26 chills, everytime
i know ur being silly but like... that walk??? has me feeling some type of way
I had a stroke trying to read the title of this video
Whooo. My bisexual. It is... feeling things
Brian gets that it is much funnier to love Twilight than to hate it
Lol this guy is so funny he needs to be on snl
u rhot
If you told me that the G in BDG actually stood for Gibb I'd have to believe you
It’s basically if Lestat from Sexy Vampires was going thru a vampire breakup while struggling with a cocaine and methaqualone addiction from his choice of Disco enthusiasts blood donors. But somehow extremely sexy
Aaaand this is why Malkavians will inherit the Earth.
i'm concerned that something has happened to your brain
if i had a nickle for every time brian david gilbert made a fucking slammer of a song while dressed as a ridiculously attactive vampires, i wouldnt have nearly enough nickles
Why does this actually go hard
I'm really digging how....close he looks to an accidental Lucian from the underworld series in this video LMAO
1 mill
i’m having a queer feeling about this
I'm convinced BDG just did the bathroom scene just to show off his VFX skills.
BDG has the greatest bisexual energy from who I assume is straight he pulls off every aesthetic fr
im back to stay alive <3
IT'S 1979 AND DISCO'S NEVER GONNA DIE
BDG I am begging you to make this a yearly or bi-yearly occurence.  The spooky/halloween villain themed covers of 1980s pop bands are far too good to vanish.
The vampire version of Bee Dee Gee, in fact, lives on a street that is inexplicably floating in the middle of outer space.
I legitimately prefer this version over the original and idk what that says about me but whatever it is I think I'm fine with it actually
Ok but was 2:50 a lose of humanity or just a close call? VTM rules not in play? Still active...idk cool video Brian. Was never a big fan of the Masquerade anyway.
How was it still "Stayin' Alive" and not "Stay Unalive" for all the vampires, zombies, mummies, and other sundry things that don't stay dead.
Brian: Made videos for Polygon, is now retired. David: Makes most of the videos on this channel. Gilbert: Disco diva, musical genius.
Jiangshi rep gets my vote
I didn’t know I needed this. I’m so glad  I watched!
BDG is doing a cover of Bee Gees? I love it
ur killin it brian
Don’t forget that this song is made by “the bee gees” so if this series was just this song it would be called “bee dee gee’s bee gees hee bee gee bees”
BDG plays vampires so well, it makes me wonder if he is one.
I just noticed that in the end of the video you look a lot like the ice king from Adventure Time. :D
I'm really glad you decided to make a vampire themed video again. I'm looking respectfully. 😳❤️
"We all know that Dracula is hot. We all know that Richter Belmont is hot."
I am going to make this video my entire personality.
Nandor the relentless would fuck with this so hard tbh
Why does the chorus hit so hard fr tho
Seems like a V:tM Kindred wandered into Bill Wurtz’ world of animation.
there is absolutely no reason for this to go as hard as it does and I am so, so thankful for it. I've listened to it like 20 times in the past few days. damn.
Idk how many times I've listened to this already, bit its not getting old
This elevates the song, in my humble opinion, oh my goood
Should be, "it's ok, it's alright, live to see another night. " Daylight, y'know. Bad stuff.
[ falsetto belting ] INDEED
3:28 “*falsetto belting*” Why yes. It is.  And it is glorious.
I love all the screams in response to “ah ah ah ah”
I've watched this a few times over the last couple weeks, and I'm not sure if the part that sticks with me most is the face at 1:09 reminding me of Andy Gibb, or that BDG's whole look in this video is clearly tipping the hat to Barry. did i miss maurie anywhere, are all three brothers represented
3:05 bisexual lighting moment
Brian, I hate to say it, but respectfully, this look is hot.
As if one of the ah ah ah ah lines wasn't sung like sesame streets count. One alive! Ha ha ha ha Two alive! Ha ha ha ha
I was not prepared for this to go this hard
Watching this at 1.75 is like hearing a conversation between god and the devil.
Really though 3:05 seem like it feels absolutely heavenly. Just pure bliss and losing yourself to the music
now we need an edit that switches beats 2 and 4.
Average Toreador 🤣
Please keep blessing us with these annually if you have the scruff for it, BDG. Your voice and strut are just what we need every Halloween
BDG Is the next Weird Al, don't @ me
Is this about giving in to bisexuality? I think it's about giving in to bisexuality.
Oh god the next time I play Vampire The Masquerade I am for sure making a Vampire who never left the 70's and they will be just like this
It is now firmly my belief that this is _EXACTLY_ how World of Darkness vamps of the Ventrue and Tremere clans spent the 70s.
every time this starts in my playlist, i think its an imonster song till it really gets going
welp with this, BDG reminds me that I am IN FACT very gay
Side note: That mirror shot was fucking great.
If morbius was good
I love how during this entire video he only wears clothes I, a lesbian, would wear
devastated that the line was "dancing man" and not "entrancing man" as in vampires can do mindcontrol u get it
Hilarious!!!! You make a mighty cute vampire!
wow
Jonah Scott made what would stand alone as an amazing remaster for the original track. Holy shit this is good, parody or not.
My husband did not believe you sung this, he was certain it was just a lip-sync  until I showed him the lyrics lmao
Petition for a bdg cameo in what we do in the shadows
Well now I get how vampires can hypnotize humans.
BDG is that niche you never knew existed but with a single video you know he's the one you've been looking for
What a fucking intro
did he fr not blink for the entire video
I loved this, also you look stunning as a vampire
He is so gender right now
it's like watching weird al over again. I love it
How did he do that mirror effect at 2:25?
"The Twilight books: They're just so baaaad (good)!" I'm dead lol
Too few views. Masterpiece, hilarious
I say this with all the respect in the world and an acknowledgment that I have it to, but I feel so seen when it zooms in on Brian's beard and there is just a thumb print patch where hair doesn't grow. Absolute same buddy
Brian's beard gets me all worked up. It's so hot.
Hawt.  Also, bonus points for having a disco vid in 4:3, and either standard def, or a convincing fuzz.
i watched this on shrooms and it was a RELIGIOUS experience
If you haven't already, put the subtitles on, the lyrics are amazing.
God he makes me
I never grew out of my vampire phase and BDG is too fucking hot in this
for something so silly this has no business slapping this hard
oh to be a disco vampire............         my dream
big missed opportunity to call this "stay unalive" instead
We get to live in a world where this exists.
Disco isn't dead, its undead
:D
whether you're a Banshee or whether you're a Jiangshi you're stayin' alive stayin' alive  A+!!
BRIAN DAVID GILBERT, YOUVE DONT IT AGAIN. Pushing the limits of comedy AND music.
UM HELLO VOCALSSSSSS???? It doesn’t sound like a parody of the style, which makes the whole parody even better, because it genuinely sounds like the real thing. He’s so good with this style, the range is insane.
Every time I think it can’t get better it gets better
What we do in the shadows core
Damn i forgot you made the halloween songs? last year too, now time to shrug off my xmas sweater and go back to Halloween vibes fast
Barry David Gibb
Stayin' Alive Vampire Brian is just who I need in my Sims 4 Crazy universe! Thank  you for the inspiration, Brian :)
Now, is this a toreador or a malkavian?
From all the things I expected to awaken something in me, a spoof parody song sung by BDG was at the bottom of my list, and yet...
How did I miss this when it came out?!?! ❤️❤️❤️
so much gender in one video
Fantastic. No notes.
Fun Fact: you can use Brian David Gilbert's song, Staying Alive, to keep pace for CPR.
The time of the Kevin Porter and BDG base intersection has arrived.
I anxiously await BDG's guest star spot on WWDITS
morbius
What a wonderful thing to turn into a tradition. :)
BRIAN YOU SOUND PHENOMENAL
The confidence is giving, bitch
Can't wait to see what he figures out next year. This has become my favorite Halloween tradition
Another BDG and Jonah Scott banger 🤌🏼 Hope there's still more in the tank for next year
Here’s an idea. Spirits having flown sung by evil spirits!
In some alternate universe this is the original
what's really weird is this isn't a bad look for you.
Why am i so attracted to this? Some self reflection needed
Fuck male or female gaze. I present to u, immortal gaze.
Slight problem, Vampires are not alive.
how big is Brian's greenscreen
you can have your team edwards and jacobs... i'm team brian david gilbert...
the way the sobbing segues into the falsetto belting slays me harder than any vampire bite could
Brian please god release a compilation album of the Hee Bee Bee Gee songs and the AAAH!BBA songs on spotify, I hate making playlists.
Amazing, great vocals, Brian is awesome, evrythIS THAT KEVIN FROM GILMORE GUYS
He’s so real for this
How long did that mirror shot take? The effort is so top tier 💓💓
once again the gender is off the charts
The mirror/ towel scene made this.
Oh no I'm bisexual.   Also this is an unreasonably good cover even without the Halloween twist
brian is keeping the halloween fandom alive tbh
Brian, you have to stop. No one singular man was meant to be this sexy.
brian really has moved to la with this one
Me seeing this thumbnail: yessssssssssss
very funny but that -part with the mirror and pulling the towel was so good
BDG is the sexiest man alive
Why is BDG so photogenic...?
THE RETURN
The STRUT on this fella!
The vampire from AAAH!BBA had a major glow up
That falsetto do be BELTIN
Brian looks great with that beard.
Vampire Brian David Gilbert is just Nice Peter but with hair.
Fiftieth time listening, it's still good
this is the hottest hes ever looked and of course its for a halloween bee gees parody
the love i have for brians eyeshadow omg
Oh God, i am bulldozed by the epicness of: 1. BDG's mane of beautiful, thick hair 2. That mirror shot where his reflection doesn't show but the flowing towel does 3. The STRUT!!!!?!? woah 😍
Others have already commented on the incredible attention to detail throughout the song *and* the video, but I don’t think I’ve seen anyone specifically mention the musical allusion/reference to the stabbing strings from “Psycho.” (You can hear it faintly fading in and then right back out in the background, between “somebody help me” and “somebody help me, yeah.”)
2:25 When you are trying to find that piece of spinach stuck to your teeth, but you're a vampire and don't have a reflection.
I wanna see more of Brian's queen walks and jazzy dancing, he's got some spicy hips
My best friend sent me this vid with the caption: "strahd on his way to bother ireena for the 3rd time in a week"
Gotta say, this has no right to be this much of a banger. Well played sir, well played. Halloween playlist for sure.
You could say he has a drinking problem
Now I want a VtM game set in the disco era
BDG is the embodiment of "If you're confident enough, you can wear and rock anything"!
I KNEW IT! Barry Gibbs IS a dark immortal!
I love that Brian looks like a twink version of Michael Morbius
Oh, shit. I was just telling my mom that there aren't any new Halloween songs.
Now I have to rewatch Love At First Bite
the bit with the mirror really got me lol
the scruffy 70s disco look really works for you
wow
this is great but HOW THE FFF DID YOU DO THE MIRROR THING IS HE AN ACTUAL VAMPIER OR
Good news lads, this video upgraded me from Asexual to Bsexual
This is unreasonably good
These costumes are very flattering btw
bruh this has been on repeat for the last three days its so GOOD
The screaming part is just so funny
Very glad this is a thing for the title alone lol
I see brians digging out his old ABBA audition VHS tapes
Bee Dee Gee's Hee Bee Bee Gees  That. That right there confused the fuck out of my brain.
This is the best one so far
YES HES BACK
From the story to the special effects to the music, this is a work of pure art.
I've been listening to these songs multiple times a day since I saw they came out, they'll be stuck in my head for the next month or so, and I'm gonna love every second of it
Never stop being a vampire
That Falsetto is very good. Can't fathom the amount of practice and takes.
This should not work And yet It is funny, it is silly, there is an emotional arc. It is AWESOME!  HOW DARE YOU* BDG?!?   *I mean congrats, this is rad  Buddy
I love it
Can we get a BDG tour?
I think I've found my new favorite version of this song
Well then, I know what song I'll be using next time I need to perform chest compressions.
Duet with Werewolf Weird Al please .... ;)
This is the best thing I've ever seen.
I will use this song whenever I need to give someone CPR
Man. he's such a gem
How do i steal your vibe? i need it.
I've seen this 4 times and it's a part of perm playlist :)
Absolutely beautiful. I don't think people realize how impressive that mirror shot was. Great job.
Of all people I never thought that god damn Brian David Gilberd would be the person to make me question my Sexuality
Am I the only one Who thinks that with this style of hair + beard Brian is so damn sexy?
Karen did an INCREDIBLE job on the graphics for this.
If this doesn't nab BDG a guest spot on What We Do In The Shadows, nothing will
incredible. next year has to be Boney M. right? Rasputin and Daddy Ghoul?
That outfit really summoning Flamboyant era Dorian Electra
Amazing but a missed opportunity to call it Stay Unalive
I didn't realise how closely the outfit was modeled on the original MV! Amazing XD
This is way better than last year's videos and deserves many more views!
Brian your voice are you KIDDING ME talent talent talent im gonna have a hard time thinking of the correct words to stayin alive with how much I’ll listen to this
DBG i'm here officially volunteering to be part of your coven of eternal undead husbands or as sacrificial tribute. Your choice.
Wow, I can't believe it's already been a year since AAAHBBA! released. Truly amazing, I've listened to a song from the soundtrack at least once a week for an entire year.
ooh this is TASTY
I love the spooky theming so much. At this point I think of these horror parodies before I think of the original songs.
Brian wtf .v .
The perfection of this spectacular cover and the new look Brian has going on is making me feel something! Idk necessarily what it is but it’s definitely very very good.
BDG LOOKS LIKE JARED LETO A LITTLE TOO MUCH
Truly gave Mariah Carey the bone shivers with those high notes
Extremely divorced
Omgomgomgomgomgomgongomgimgimgimgimomg
I... I need those bellbottoms. Please, please, tell us where you got those.
I'm constantly amazed at how you take such incredibly silly musical ideas and execute them with such care and attention to every detail that they aren't just addictively fun, but legitimate jams as well.   This kind of vibe is so badly needed in the world, and if I had a rich person's budget, I would be throwing a Halloween party and you guys would be priority #1.
I think I ascended at 3:10
This reminded me way too much of the Jeffrey Dahmer show
I'm manifesting that BDG be asked to guest star on the next season of WWDITS since he's absolutely nailed playing a vampire across the disco parody genre.
You look like my friend Jay
Stand back! I am beginning to disco!
Another instant classic. Thank you, Brian.
Bro the mirror thing was actually impressive asl
begging to steal brian's gender in this video oml
WE DIDN'T DESERVE THIS
brian is absolutely slaying holy shit
This is very gender
Tis the season
I would fuckin' pay for a show of this sexy disco vampire tortured by lost love
please make another unraveled
So uh youtube put this into a playlist with Earth, Wind, & Fire and the actual Beegees, so I guess you've made it!
This gives me so much joy. I danced so hard when this came out I thought I threw a spinal disc out of alignment or something. Totally worth it, though.
Brian David Gilbert fancam
the relationship between bdg and mirrors deepens
bdg looks so masculine...
and he has done it again...  how.
THE MIRROR
"weeping turns into Bee Gee's scream"  Make sure to put on subtitles. ;)
GOD FUCKING BLESS YOU BDG
I was grooving along so hard I almost didn't notice he ate Kevin T Porter?? The crossover I've always wanted
I hope he does more than a woman by Frankenstein’s monster
the bloopers from these songs are probably the highest quality bloopers ever conceived.
I have this exact jacket. I bought it for an Old Gregg costume.
this... has such disaster bi vampire vibes. I don't know why but god DAMN I vibe with this
BDG is genuinely one of the most creative people on this platform
brian yr facial hair looks great
Does the fact that I've never been more attracted to this man than when he's a disco vampire say something very telling about me? Probably, but we're not going to examine that right now.
I know hes meant to be a vampire but the beard is giving big werewolf energy
<3<3<3
the stare, the conviction, the emotion, the raw acting power
bdg really reviving the age old question of whether vampires or werewolves are hotter with these music videos.
More like “Stay unalive”, amirite?
I know vampires are technically sacrilegious or whatever but thank you for this immense blessing upon all our lives this Halloween season BDG
I am here to witness BDG's metamorphosis into Matt Berry.
2:56 I will never recover from seeing emo bdg.
Finally I can give people CPR to this version 😌
"Symbiote bdg isn't real, he can't hurt you" Symbiote bdg:
Holy shit, this is fuckin' tits. And super unexpected. I had no clue I even wanted this.
Another one of Laszlo Cravensworth's vampire classics stolen by the Bee Gees When will the vampires get their compensation from the music industry
Everything about this video makes me so happy, but rhyming banshee with Jiangshi takes the crown for me.
Oh fuck yeah, this shit is back
God the bots are just in absolute FULL SWING in this comment box aren't they
see now i'm just thinking about how much i would love BDG in what we do in the shadows
Brian does a scarily good job at pulling off the Disco Vampire look.
i must ask, how did you get walking on a greenscreen, what type of treadmill set up did you use to capture the impossible?
I appreciate your attempt to grow a Barry Gibb beard for this role.
Everything about this is amazing, I've watched it so many times.
1. this is the best video on YouTube 2. i can't tell what the photo is supposed to be though, pls help
Nothing reminds me I'm bi quite like BDG in those pants.
The true haunting this halloween will be all of our minds by this wonderful ear worm of a song lol. May the series continue!
This is the video that'll get him to 1M and rightfully so
💮💗🌟🌠💙👙🎄✨🌠✈💮✈🎋💮✈💮👙💙💙🌙👙       *God demonstrated His love to us by sending His Son Jesus Christ, who died and rose from the dead to Give us eternal life.* *He also promised to heal your body.* *If you confess with your mouth the Lord Jesus and believe in your heart that God has raised Him from the dead* *He'll give you eternal life* *(Look up at the sky and ask God)*
Amazing but please tell me there’s a video for “night fever”
THE AMOUNT OF GENDER ENVY THAT I GET FROM THIS MAN IS UNBELIEVABLE
💀💀
BDG you are truly a gift to humanity. Your talent and creativity is unmatched.   also you’re hot as hell as a vampire or in suits.
a MUCH better performer than gustave leroy
https://lulumahfudhoh.blogspot.com/
The interview with a vampire reboot went an unexpected direction, but I kinda like it.
This video ruined my life.
Amazing performance, fantastic video and simply incredibly enjoyable overall! Plus I feel like you've got extra confidence here and it oozes sex appeal!
This is...very appropriate for the recent Rimworld expansion.
Get this man to 1mil NOW
is it me or is bdg unironically hot in this?                yes i am a straight man
well...that ruled.
dude...you NAIL the bee gees sound!!! this is such a fuckin banger 10/10
THE VAMPIRE CHARACTER’S BACK BEEBEE
You need to do a duet with Jazz Emu. You take the tenor and he can take the baritone.
Definitely the new " Wierd Al" . you go dude 🧛🧛‍♂🧛‍♀
thank you Brian
Why did this shitshow pop in my suggestions? Sigh
For now.
Thank you for making my lonely weekend that much better folks. Well done!
Who, come from notifications?
Honestly, AN IMPROVEMENT!
Just sayin, those fangs suit you, keep them Become the “fang guy”
I love the intermittent toad screams!!
Normal day in a Toreador life
The shot of him not being reflected in the mirror at 2:28 but having it still reflect him taking the towel was so clean. This is magnificent.
Wow so this is what Hozier's been up to lately
Thank you god
very excited to see a reprise of a vampire character! it really is the best way to live your theater kid truth. just really become--not unleashed, that's "tragedy"--just go batshit insane. there we go
Daaamn, my man's been working out!
I have to get regular CPR certification and they always reference this song as a go to beat to perform compressions to so it allows the heart chamber to fill with blood to be pushed around more effectively. I'd personally never listened to the song before and CPR class was my only frame of reference, but now I have this so you bet next time I have to practice my compressions I'll be thinking this version of the song to power me through the rhythm. Thanks BDG!
this fucks severely but also, my roommate has fucked at least one dude who looks EXACTLY like this disco vampire and i'm not sure what to do about it.
Last year was good, but this is spookily good
Bleh Dee Gee’s
Who knew BDG had moves?
The perfect song to do CPR to :)
_Inside 2: Electric Boogaloo_
You should be a member of the what we do in the shadows crew
this goes hard can i screenshot
I'm getting Matt Berry "What we do in the Shadows" vibes. I just imagine they share the same universe.^^
Okay but like… this was hot. Yung Gravy watch out
ye, that's pretty much is the essence of vampires
This is how Morbius should have ended
This is so me core
Barry David Gibbert
BDG over here looking like zorpazorp
Almost dropped my coffee with that starting scream. Wonderful
An instant masterpiece! 💖
love the detail that he doesn't show up in the mirror
Brian is too good at YouTube, it’s unfair to everyone else
The shot where you aren't in the mirror but the towel still moves is absolutely insane, holy shit
I can't stop listening to this, it's just so great!🤩
This is low-key a masterpiece, I am LIVING for Brian's falsetto
(The Count voice) Ah, ah, ah, ah, stayin' alive
I am a lesbian why am I so attracted to vampire!Brian
Weird Al  for new generation
he's turning into bo burnham oh god oh fuck
Is this what the kids call "witch house"?
Fantastic.  It’s a real shame you had to drink that man!
Oh hell yeah
THIS IS AMAZING!!!!!
Between new Carly Rae, new Thotcrime, and new BDG horror disco, October is truly for the gays™️ this year
Missed opportunity for Stay Unalive.
1. Genuinely just super good music 2. Honestly, a hot look for Brian ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
BDG ftw <3
"Whether you're a banshee or whether you're a jianshi" That line was SO GOOD
Oh my mom is gonna love this
why is bdg… hot in this video……………
2:32 Only the towel moving in the reflection does not go unappreciated
Not to make this worse but imagine this coming out during the era of superwholock
Can we all take a moment to appreciate his outfit? My favourite part is the white pants.  What’s yours?
I'm engaging with this content as hard as I can YouTube. Please spread it like the plague
Those dance moves tho
Scruffy bdg is an absolute gift. This man pulls off "nerdy waif" and "debonair scoundrel" equally well.
"Graphics and Filming by Karen Han." We all know BDG is brilliant, but let's make sure to give Karen the credit she deserves too!
I was REALLY hoping there would be a new Halloween album or song this year. Ahbba was so good last year it got me through my midterms ilysm!!
I hope you now understand this opens up a necessity of a BDG Halloween disco song mélange every year.  I'm so glad someone is adding to halloween music rather than christmas music!
Taking a moment to appreciate the style this man oozes at all times
This is what white jesus looks like
The intro is worth the click alone.
We had ABBA then Bee Gees, so whatever is next year must start with a "C"... Celine Dion?
omg is vampire brian single
unironically a smoke show. twilight who?
How to best to express your love for halloween
okay, i'll subscribe, jesus calm down
i like to think this is the same vampire from last year, who after his relationship failed is entering his Lost Boys era
This is the reason BDG is a tumblr sexyman.
This video made me realize we have never seen Brian David Gilbert and Tyler Gaca in the same room
Genuinely brilliant vocal delivery!
i would love to see Brian as a vampire in a movie or tv series now, it's perfect
this is... seriously, amazing
Missed opertunity to sing the “ah ha ha ha” part like the count from Sesame Street.
Yesterday: Finds this channel where BDG ran off to after Polygon Today: This is uploaded I do not regret subscribing.
I'm thoroughly convinced that this song doesn't actually have lyrics
This is definitely the sexiest version of DBG
**Falsetto belting**  Pure brilliance.
Ok so here me out...  How Deep is Your Love ft Creature from the Black Lagoon....
Masterful.
It's probably a long shot to hope for an answer, but genuine question, may I please know where you got those pants or what brand they are (the lighter ones worn during the majority of the video)?  I've been lookin' for pants like those and I wanna know so bad!!!
I’m still not convinced that Brian isn’t secretly a vampire
what the fuck that look absolutely serves, go off king
Arcane Castlevania knowledge must come in handy for these.
Babe wake up new BDG Halloween disco just dropped
What a blessing Brian is 💀
This SUCKS <3
The disco pants 🥵🥵
I didn’t think it was possible, but he somehow topped last year. My god.
someone stop him hes too powerful
Burh, the hair. Its perfect. Did you plan it that way?
BDG you are getting more fabulous every single video! Love to see it
Hell yah!
First Bullet Train uses a funky Japanese translation/rendition of Stayin' Alive, and now BDG is back at it with a jive Vamp mix. Truly, this is art.
Cool mirro effect and great cover 👏👏
PLS MAKE A CULT! also, the vocals...😩😩BODIED
stay Unalive?
I was not expecting a thrust trap
Brian is the person that everyone wishes they were
I didn't understand a single thing you said
getting Alex Turner vibes but less moody from the outfit
This is a goddamn masterpiece
There was no reason to make it better than the original song, but you did anyway.  That's the BDG difference that keeps me coming back. 🥹
what is a lakh?
I am genuinely and wholeheartedly *begging* for a kind soul to direct me someplace where I can get this shiny sequin suit. I will not live in peace until I have replicated this look, it is simply TOO fucking good
THAT RUN AT THE END WAS TRULY DEVILISH OH MY GOD JONGHO HAS NOTHING ON THE BRIAN DAVID GILBERT
I'm surprised no one's commented on the background comment in regards to "The Twilight Books' effect on man". Brian seriously snuck "They're just so good" past all of us. Absolutely magnificent bit.
First- THE MIRROR GAG THO- Second, amazing cover.
holy shit his falsetto is SO GOOD
"Got the wings of Hell right on my shoes I'm a dancing man and I just can't lose."  Jesus, didn't expect these lyrics to hit so hard
The thing is... i couldnt tell what the original songs lyrics were so i hardly can tell the difference
I need Jemaine Clement to see this and have it feature in at least one WWDITS episode
This seems to be becoming a yearly tradition, and I am SO 👏 FUCKING 👏 HERE FOR IT 👏
I'd love to hear the instrumental version of this since it's a very high quality contemporary cover.
This title was so remarkable I had to click
I started watching anticipating this turning into “draining the life” but it didn’t happen, and I’m also okay with that because I have no notes. 🎉
Just amazing. I’ll look forward to this every year now
The Aahhh's would have been hilarious if spoken like The Count from Sesame Street
You’re a treasure UwU <3~
The crying becoming a bee gee scream at the beginning actually gave me chills.
This is the absolutely best version of this song
I love this, the only improvement I can think it's a lyrics change in "Stayin' Unalive", that works if you mash a bit the end of Stayin' with the beginning of Unalive
The towel and the mirror was a very, very cute detail
Will be using this in the future to teach CPR.
Ah ah ah ah
missed the chance to sing Stayin' Alive but by Rasputin.
Mate, I was just joking in the announcement post, I didn't know it was a real band. He can grow as much beard as I can. I never get past that point.
WHERE DO YOU GET THESE SEXY SHOES
woah i had no idea bdg was actually abk all along
This one is as good as the original, I'm not sure what to listen to now hahh
Bet you were really glad the jiangshi existed lol
get ready for my upcoming feature film 'Red Disco' about a modern day disco club owned and operated by vampires.
I've watched this video 5 times already if only for the scene where he sobs silently in front of the mirror with no reflection
You deserve a guest appearance on the next season of WWDITS for this.
Oh god I love these.
making a pact with myself to keep myself alive till next Halloween just so I see which disco band get bdg-ified next
This is one if your most relatable videos. Thank you, Brian David Gilbert.
I love the frightened reactions at 1:55 haha. I adore Halloween and I adore parodies. This is just fantastic.
Halloween? I think you mean it's Brian-releasing-sick-songs-season
This morbius movie was pretty good, I don’t know why everyone thought this was bad.
the variety of shrieks is truly astounding
BDG and team did not have to go this hard. Oh, what am I saying, of course they did.
BDG, as a disco era vampire: Exists. Me: This better not awaken anything in me...
How is this man not at 1 mil subs yet?
3:27 holy shit BDG has got RANGE (he hit a mf Bb5??!!?) 3:41 also just a casual C6. jesus.
Fucking. Incredible.
While it’s hard to not get distracted by the fabulousness BDG is radiating in this video, has anyone else made notice of the story going on in the music video itself? I’ve yet to see a comment talking about the story.   From what I can tell, it’s a tale of one succumbing to impulses that lead to reckless decisions during a time of distress. There is also a theme exploring the topic of dependency within this video’s narrative.  The video begins with the sound of Vampire Brian (VB) weeping and a shot of a break up letter accompanied by polaroid pictures of VB and Karen being adorable together. As a means of processing the grief of this break up, VB decides basically “Fuck it. I’m putting on my snazzy clothes, strutting through the city streets and dancing my sadness away.” It’s during the dancing scene when the random dude shows up that we witness VB succumbing to impulses and presumably lethally sucks the random dude’s blood. Which, considering the cinematography and editing of the dance scene after the blood consumption, succumbing to his impulse makes complete sense. Drinking blood from the tap seems to have intoxicating effects. VB seems like he’s in a euphoric high. But of course, the high has to end. And so we see that crash back to reality in the last scene of the video. Lights turned on, covered in the blood of his vices and sipping from the non-intoxicating blood of a blood bag. The biggest tragedy of it all being that VB’s drinking of the random guy’s blood (or perhaps more accurately the drinking of the random guy’s life) is the very thing that led to the break up. Part of the reason for the break up as described in the break up letter from the very beginning is because VB was sucking the life out of Karen. The consumption of a person’s life, the high from imbibing, the regret and sorrow after the crash and trying to cope with the regret and sorrow. If the narrative of this music video is any indication, Vampire Brian tends to maladaptively cope by restarting the cycle and consuming another person’s life.      Or maybe I’m full of shit. It’s 3 in the morning, I’m half asleep and I’m typing a mini essay in a YouTube comment for a Halloween theme parody song of disco classics. It’d be nearly miraculous if this comment makes any sense to me once I’ve gotten proper sleep.
But can being undead count as staying alive
goddamn this is SO gender
I didn't think I could love you more than I did with the release of AAAH!BBA, but I can say with certainty that I have never loved you more than I do in this moment, BDG. Thank you so much for living (unliving?) your horror disco fantasy and sharing its perfection with us.
Nice
Brian...
Disco isn't dead. Its Undead.
Bearded David Gilbert
Can someone please write the lyrics for me. Its hard to hear some of those higher notes.
New kink discovered.
I hope we get Hee Bee Bee Gees rendition of Night Fever.
Bee Dee Gee is the hottest (un)man.
BDG is the Halloween Weird Al of our era
He could out sexify actual vampires🥵
this might just be Brian’s new look, but I like to think he’s got a beard because he literally can’t shave (what with the no reflection and all)
Next year is Boney M
Beard David Gilbert looking 🥶🥵
YEEESSSSS LETS GOOOOOO MORE HALLOWEEN SONGS 🤺🤺🤺
Barry Dracula Gibb
Let's get this guy up to a million!
ART
legendary
Dio approves
I’m stunned by how good this is
Omg is there anything this man can't do that was amazing
I've watched this so many times today, help
incredible as always BDG
I see Brian has stopped pretending to be a Ventrue and embraced his true Bruja nature.
Turning the "ah"s into literal screams killed me. Pun intended!
please do these every year i beg
I can’t describe how much life the weep/scream in the intro is giving me
hey whys he kinda.
I just randomly searched bdg on Apple Music yesterday, and found the album before these videos. I knew I was waiting for a greatness to come shortly.
FUCK YEAH, LESGOOOOO
I mean it's like if Weird Al was born in Boston & only made Halloween parodies. It's beautiful
YEAHHHHHHHHH
He honestly sounds better than Barry Gibb.
i cannot understate how supremely this video fucks
Every time I start to feel completely sure of my heterosexuality BDG releases a new music video and I have to start all over again. One day Ill understand it, but for now Im just stayin' alive.
That son of a bitch, He's done it again.
Let's all agree this would play every night in Nadja's vampire nightclub 🔥🩸
I've listened to aabba since it dropped last year, so I'm very excited by this
2:28 can we just talk about the mirror trick?? Like HOW
BDG, did you grow facial hair just for these videos?
Welp this has awoken something in me.
I searched "staying alive" and this came up before the official music video. Stay winning
I am so normal about this
this absolutely FUCKS. also a great outfit. but just. fuck me drunk thank you for saving halloween music and making it Bangers Only
For this Halloween, Brian David Gilbert dressed up as Patrick
WE'RE HERE FOLKS, THE TIME OF THE YEAR
This may be the hottest Brian's ever been in a video, and I've seen him in a cravat
Why… is he so hot with the beard. I’m having a sexual awakening I wasn’t prepared for. I just wanted a funny parody, not a crisis
bdg should cover a mika album with that falsetto
"how many times have you watched this?" me: yes
Random comment but I really vibe with the pumpkin cowboy intro.
With Brian's skills, we will have more Halloween themed songs than Christmas songs.
Fun fact: He's not wearing makeup. He's just that tired.
brian really fixing to corner the tumblr sexyman market for the remainder of 2022
born too late to explore the world born too early to explore the stars born just in time for this video
This is peak gold Era YouTube content, love it.
Absolutely LOVE the choice to go more openly dancey with the production and arrangement instead of doing a straight parody. This will legit bounce at a party as it's own vibe instead of confusing folks into thinking it's the original with a different vocalist. The mix is so wide and tight. Love it.
THERE IT IS cLAP cLAP
the scene with the mirror 🤣
Really disappointed that this vamp settled with staying alive and didn't fight to represent his unique state by requiring the producer to have it wriiten as staying unalive
I like the part with the lyrics "It's alright, it's okay" sung in a way that makes it clear that it is not alright and not okay. I felt that.
the mirror effect is fucking great!
This is gas
Is this Dale's solo project?
You are a GOD. Ive been listening to the AAAAHBBA! Songs all year and these are right away going to my playlist, keep on being amazing BDG, love everything u make!
Catchy AND spooky? Where have you been all my life?
me, a drag king, with a Lay All Your Blood On Me number on tap: shit
why is this the best green screen walking i have EVER seen in my LIFE. how ??? tell me how please i've always been bothered by it when i see it and you pulled it off perfectly!!!!!!!
i’m so glad u exist
THE MIRROR. AMAZING.
can not believe  that 2022 grants us not 1 but 2 excellent cover/remix's of staying alive   BDG version and the Japanese Version from Brad Pitts Bullet Train
PLUS +REP
this song is a whole bit between my dad and me, and you just absolutely slayed it with your frankly spectacular falsetto
it's very appropriate for a vampire to create a thirst trap
The polaroid is too hard to see so I choose to believe that Bee Dee Gee is looking longingly at a picture of Roasted Garlic Summer Sausage
I cannot physically convey how uncomfortable Brian with a Capital Beard™ is making me
Somehow we just let this man do whatever he wants.
so fun and funky!! will be blasting on full volume for the rest of the month :)))
I love how BDG is turning the disco genre into socially acceptable Halloween hits!
I never knew I needed this. Thank you.
BDG in this is like if the vampire from Hotel Transylvania was cool
the outfits in this video slayed harder than Van Helsing slays vampires.
I have never felt such intense gender envy in all my years
could this be... is it... ✨✨Gender Envy✨✨
BEYOND INCREDIBLE AND AMAZING
VAMPIRE WEEPING IN THE CLOSED CAPTIONS I'M DYING
Absolute fire my guy 🔥🎃
I’m so glad this exists
Vampire BDG is so hot.
How do I tip the person who did the captions
Like the beard, Brian. you been working out?
This is SO aggressively sexy I am not sure how to react. Sure you expect it with vampires and Bee Gees but BDG is like youtube Tom Bombadil...or at least he was until those pants  edit: and the beard
this SLAPS
BDG WWDITS cameo when?
yess excellent even more songs to add to my halloween playlist! This is fucking excellent. Thank you BDG
That sobbing turning into a gorgeous, angelic note at the beginning made me feel something.
Im not gonna day that Brian looks hot with his disco outfit and fangs. I feel like that would be redundant
Oh my God thank you BDG
BDG has to much sexual power, he is a danger to society
Village People next year?
The little AH, Ah, Ah, ah having little screams is an expected, but charming touch 😂😂😂
Gonna ironically do CPR to this song now
next year bdg should do a bunch of Freddie Mercury songs and call it Hallowqueen
"BDG does another horror cover, but make it sexy."
There's MORE Halloween covers!?!?!? I'm so happy, never stop!!! 😭
That mirror shot (2:33) is such a flex. Pulling the towel?? Come ON
IT’S BACK BABEY
between this and last year's gimme gimme gimme I think bdg is shaping up to be a terrifyingly competent disco vocalist. i don't really know where he'll use this outside of Halloween parodies, but it's great nonetheless
A+
Brian David Gilbert is my favourite K-Pop idol
Weird Al: I will never recover from this
My scrungly I love himmm
This is the greatest sequel of all time
This is unbloodlievable!!!!
Anyone who knows of BDG -- and it honestly isn't anywhere near enough people -- should just consider how lucky they are to be in the know. Brian is either trying new things or pushing his craft, but if there's one thing I've never really seen him do, it's rest on his laurels. And, like, he could. His content would still be AMAZING.  But the fact that he always swings so hard at this makes him EXTRAORDINARY. Any day with new BDG content is at baseline a good day in my book.
Sorry, I missed the premiere but at least I get to listen to the best horror disco music today.
the beard!!
I connected instantly to the lyrics "you can tell by the way I use my walk, I'm a thirsty man, no time to talk"
okay but you look amazing and sound amazing, your imaginative lyrics are a blast
I'm just gonna assume you bought a treadmill for this
Oh this is terrible. I love it.
My dad really likes this
I love these so much
Also I'm trying to not be creepy here but am I the only one who thinks that BDG went from a Pretty Good-looking Guy most of the time who's really funny to being SUPER ATTRACTIVE WITH A BEARD????? IS IT THE SHINY????? MAYBE IT'S THE BLOOD????????????????? IM NOT SURE MR. GILBERT PLEASE KNOW WHATEVER YOU'RE DOING IT'S   W O R K I N G
I’m gonna need some staying alive vampire x lay all your love on me vampire content
This is going in my World of Darkness game hype mix tape.
❤️ u BDG
BDG has a KILLER falsetto!
Curse of Strahd but it's BDG
I am stunned, this is incredible
I'm glad kids these days don't have to listen to the horrible anti-disco propaganda that even persisted into the 2000s; they can just listen to the disco! I guess it's true that with the power of nostalgia the ugliness of the past gets less and less important over time and at least in this case, that nasty, reactionary (cough, homophobic, cough) anti-disco rhetoric fading into the background is for the best.
Hey look I can play these ones for my mum since it's not ABBA
Truly amazing. An amazing original song, now with an amazing Halloween version. Thank you Bee Dee Gee's Hee Bee Bee Gees.
The sheer charisma dripping off of BDG in this video is enchanting
You mad Brian genius you’ve done it again.
BEE DEE GEES HEE BEE JEE BEE BEE GEES
be careful with that silver jacket now
This song is unironically good gotdamn
What I love is that there are definitely some of you who only found this man because he explained health insurance to you. Welcome 🕺
This man is the definition of iconic. Every single thing he's posted is just- 😙👌   Also is nobody gonna talk about how amazing his hair looks 😳
++
Strangely, I think this might be the most earnest and dare I say human that BDG has ever looked
BDG im too gay you cant be doing this to me
Dunno if this has been said already but if the captions are to be believed I'm a little disappointed (and by a little I mean not really at all, just a missed opportunity) that "Stayin' Alive" wasn't turned into "Stay Un-Alive"
2:38 - onwards is giving what we do in the shadows season promotional photos
Gonna tell my kids this was Midnights
Holy fuck BDG is a mastermind
these are so great
Did BDG with a beard and fangs just awaken something in me...?
BDG - PLEASE MAKE AN ENTIRE FUCKING MUSICAL AND STAR IN IT BECAUSE THE WORLD NEEDS IT. Thank you.
Morbius 2 theme song just dropped
This is beautiful and thank you for the subtitles
I saw the fuckin’ fry dance, I see it
it’s actually insane how good his voice is tho like dead ass
Imagine singing with those fangs
This is incredible. What an absolute bop
Fun moment of "is that Kevin Porter"?
Brian, you’re a legend. The lyrics are so clever.
As if I wasn't already insanely attracted to this man, he drops THIS absolute banger and masterpiece. He's truly SLAYING
The resemblance to Barry Gibb is uncanny
more like slayin' alive bec this was a slay
how do these go SO HARD
Gender is a performance and BDG wins everyone else go home
I've never been so turned on in my entire life
Oh, this. This is beautiful.
Vampire Brian is weirdly hot tbh
Please tell me you're going to be in the next season of What We Do In The Shadows
Holy shit. Like this is a fun goof, but so much work went into this and every aspect of this is impressive as fuck. Also how did you top yourself goddamn.
I am conviced he grew his hair out just for this project
That's bloody amazing.
we need more 4:3 content online thank you
Now I want a Brian David Gilbert's Disco Dracula movie. Same plot point and story beat as the classic, but all set in the golden age of disco!
Brian, I just want you to know that you are setting a *dangerous* precedent by doing this two years in a row. We will now be expecting this as a yearly tradition. Best of luck to you, you handsome devil!
I wish I could upvote this more than once.  Bee Dee Gee is a god among mortals.
I've listened to this almost nonstop all day and it has brought me so much joy, thanks Brian <3
BDG, the only person brave enough to use jiangshi in song primarily in English
He slayed! Literally.
BDG you are a delight thank you for these Halloween boons
I thought it might be BeeGees from the facial hair but I wasn’t sure. Holy cow, Brian thank you for feeding us again this year
BDG, you have unlocked the secrets of disco! STRIKING POSES. PELVIC THRUSTS. SOMETHING JAZZY WITH THE HANDS.
Brian really went full bo Burnham with his hair, it looks awesome
A random Kevin T Porter?! Love to see it.
well... this was someone's sexual awakening for sure.
On this day we are blessed. I can't wait for next year's "Material Ghoul" and "Like a Virgin (sacrifice)"
Oh my god Kevin T Porter! Wow, how fun
I've been watching and following your music for a while, man, and hearing you get so much technically proficient vocally is...well it's very cool
the thumbnails for these videos kinda look like disco elysium portraits which is….. fitting
These BDG Aaaaaaahhhh!BBA songs are the highlight of each year. My humble thanks to you. If ever you are direst straights, simply inscribe mine name into the smoothest stone at the dawn shore of our great Atlantic Ocean. Then handle it carefully into the care of the elder hermit crab, recognizable from his bright, turquoise shell and flowing beard. Do this, and I shall come to your aid immediately.
this slaps also i NEED that sparkly suit it's very... sharp... no that's not quite a joke nvm
Videos like this are why aliens don’t talk to us.   And it's not because it's bad or weird, they just can't figure out what the FUCK our deal is.
Don't mind me, just going to blast this until my brain gets too tired of hearing the same few songs for a few hours
I don't know why but my phone likes to just load up BDG in 480p... and for some reason it fits...
fun fact: Stayin' Alive's BPM is the same as how fast a human's heart rate should be whenever you are doing CPR.
I know it is very unlikely, but I desperately need BDG to be cast in season 5 of What We Do in the Shadows.
holy shit
Digging it!
low key the green screen compositing on this is spectacular - 10/10
KEVIN T PORTER OF GCF FAME?!?
This is the best birthday present ever! (It's my birthday. Tomorrow.)
He's a vampire already? Is this from the future? It's not May 6th 2030 yet
That dance break was everything.
Did this really happen or did I dream this?
yay these are back
Another great start for the Halloween season!
Forgot how much I need your song and dance in my life.
Pls do more than a woman but like about a siren or something lol
petition to get bdg into a future season of what we do in the shadows because this energy in that setting.... effervescent
putting they whole Brian David Gilbussy into this
Fucking. Beautiful
I never thought you would be packing but i guess that's where all the blood goes at the end of the videos where you spin into madness
I've never felt more inspired to strengthen my falsetto. What a fucking insanely good job.
I like to think that BDG does these horror disco parodies just to have an excuse to wear fangs.  I don't blame him, they're mad fun
Hard yes. Looking fierce, by the bye.
Falsetto Belting is my new D&D character name
Why does Brian put so much effort and quality into everything???
ya know for parts near the 3 minute mark you looked uncomfortably like spice8rack- like he is iconically the pinnacle of mortal hotness but jeeez
More like "Stay Unalive"
I know what my halloween costume is gonna be...
Another masterpiece
Brian is like face slappingly hot with a beard
bdg is the only person on earth doing gender correctly
A good look for you tbh
was the original audio used as source material or is this audio whole cloth new audio, because the latter would blow my mind (not that the video isn't mind blowing anyway)
Me: *feeling a bit of the sads* BDGibbsert: AND I COME BACK TO YOU NOW, AT THE TURN OF THE TIDE.
Oh, boy... it's that time of the year again!
Yay! This brings a huge smile to my face! :))))))
really hoping we get a bee dee gee's hee bee bee gees 2!!!!!!! these RULE!!!!
why does this look like a king gizzard music video
Once more, BDG uses the art of seduction and film to use at a tax write off for his impulsive purchase decisions. And I'm here for it.
The fact that Stayin' Alive is recommended as the rythm for CPR so often makes this doubly funny.
Holy shit he got the bo burn ham light
Can we just take a minute to appreciate how incredibly far Brian has come with his singing voice?
This is now my new CPR song. 🤩
Love this. Also love seeing my Gilmore Guy Kevin in this one!
Brian better watch out cos im going to steal those pants, I want them so badly
dang, that middle dance section really gave me crowley vibes with the glasses, suit, and dance moves 👀 pls consider as halloween costume thnx
I think Brian has found his look.
Yeah, this is really funny and all, but also Brian's falsetto is insanely good?? Like I think it needs to be pointed out how on point it is
This is the most incredible Halloween song of all time.
Disco Vampire Fuck Daddy.
Wow, great timing! My coworker's having a heart attack right now and I was worried I wouldn't be able to provide him with CPR, but now I can reference this video for what pace to compress his chest!
It's magic
thank you, this made my day
the beard....... didn't think it was possible but i am somehow an even gayer man than when i began
Everything's going well, very good, normal BDG shenanig- FALSETTO BELTING?!?
God damn Brian that falsetto at the beginning
This man is everything I want to be
I love the 3:4 aspect, also where did you find a hallway long enough for that walk?
Rhyming 'banshee' with 'jiangshi' is the lyric of the century
bdg is sooo gender holy shit
I have a sudden urge to find a Vampire the Masquerade game.
You can hear that he used the fangs while he recorded this. The commitment.
Okay only vaguely related but I am begging you to release the instrumental from Under Attack
legend
OH MY GOD HE DID MORE THIS IS THE BEST DAY EVER!!! I LOVE AAAH!BBA SO MUCH, THIS IS AWESOME!! THANK YOU BRAIN YOU ARE LITERALLY MY FAVORITE PERSON EVER
I don't know.... Brian David Gilbert is looking kind of cute in this video
Earth, Wind and Fire next year!
Brian is a force of nature purely on account of the sheer charisma and creativity he puts into everything he makes
Brian, you’ve outdone yourself. This is all I’m going to be thinking about for the next two weeks. Haunting, in the best possible way.
This is going in my playlist, thank you
My new Halloween anthem.
Dang it's already been a year... Time to rewatch AHHHBBA
This is the best Halloween song since Werewolf Bar Mitzvah
return of the king
This song will be played in morbius 2
THEY'RE BACK
If BDG doesn't do KC and the Sunshine Band for year three, I'm going to riot
Yeah, I love *BDG:* *B* - Beard *D* - Beard *G* - Beard  I love the beard
this is a banger omg
I hope this becomes a yearly tradition with you needing to get obscurer and obscurer music references and puns until it devolves into a fever dream
I've always imagined a cover of this song by Count Von Count from Sesame Street.  Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!
I legit can't stop listening to this. BDG, you've done it again!
its morbin time
Vampire BDG = Pat Gill
Why the F U C K is this so absurdly well produced!?!?! Like holy shit! This actually goes way harder than the orinal!! Excellent!!!
YES. Y E S. That's all I have to say
Bad news Brian. This is too unironically cool of a look to be funny. It's unsuccessful as a parody because it's too cool. I'm so sorry.
Cool towel pull
I dunno if it's just me... Or does @2:43 sound like Beep Beep, I'm a Sheep?
i can not get over the fact that brian keeps presenting himself as a dork in most of his work, despite videos like these proving that he is the sexiest man alive  the STRUT
this is my fourth time watching this today
the fact that in some very specific circumstances this video could very well literally save someone’s life is wonderful
I thumbs up just for the name. Is the song good?
Oh this cover is gonna hold a chokehold on me isn't it.
My brain can’t handle the title, it refuses to read it
this is gold
how are you pulling this off so well?
I am actually upset by how charmed I feel right now
So this is the new What We Do in the Shadows theme, yes? Yes. Good.
How do I steal his look lol
Well I know what I’m using for my Halloween spoopy D&D night
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES
Pressed Like just for the editing that I didn’t notice the first time at 2:29
congrats to vampire bdg massive glow up from last year. loving the amulet is it cursed?
In a different life, Brian would have ended up on SNL and joined the other alumni in becoming a house hold name.  In this timeline, he’s making his own SNL, with vampires, hertygurties and I’ll fitting hats.  Bravo Brian. You’re a damn treasure 😊
so like we can all agree he's hot right. like bdg gets it
I feel like we’re glossing over the vocal talent of that FALSETTO like holy shit. There’s gotta be some real time spent training behind that.
You and Neil Cicierega need to collab
BDG’s beard is looking Extremely Disco here
Watching this drunk at midnight, and honestly it is iconic
BDG on what we do in the shadows WHEN
love how you got the same aspect ratio lol
you've done it again. how on earth do you absolutely nail these every time? this is incredible and so delightful
Despite every fact to the contrary, this man's sex appeal is UNREAL
Absolutely legendary :D Didnt had a laugh that good for a long time. English is not my native language. So I dont quite get the name. Even when trying to pronounce it I dont understand it fully. Bee Dee Gee's = BDG = Brian David Gilbert  is obvious Hee = ? Bee = ? Bee Gees = Original Artist of that song. Can someone explain that to me? :D
BDG certainly chose the correct band for that haircut of his.  Well played lad.
Ah man, thanks Brian, this is exactly what I needed today
ah... PERFECTION
How is it that Brian can rock city pop, jingles (for shingles or other), AND halloween disco. this mans talent is just crazy
Wait a minute you did this last year... Release a set of banger monster-themed parodies This is no Trick this is a real Treat
Hottest BDG has ever looked
BDG is a gift to this world
Just when I thought I managed to avoid my "sexually attracted to vampires" phase by not watching twilight...
YES, the time is upon us! BDG's HBBG is everything, thank you.
that bisexual lighting at the end tho
i can't tell if calling Twilight good was Brian talking or the vampire talking, but I am concerned nonetheless.
I knew it would be The Bee Gees
that mirror effect ??? oh my god????
This is now the version I will use to keep count of CPR chest compressions. Thanks B(lood) D(emon) G(uts).
I cannot figure out what the photograph at 2:17 is supposed to be. Formless sunglasses? Is it supposed to be like a vampire that can’t be captured on film thing?
BDG is the gift that just keeps giving. <3
While the vampire in the ABBA covers was classic Dracula, this one is like if Vampire: the Masquerade was set in the 70s
I now have a costume idea: disco vampire
when you look up the word "gender" in the dictionary it's just this video
BRIAN I LOVE YOU
The sequel to Morbius looks great.
Brian ngl, I hate these songs. I miss your polygon days.
The instrumental for this goofy Halloween parody song goes way harder than it should. Please put the instrumentals some where when this crusade is over
Hoooo baby I’m so pumped, any new bdg is good bdg!
Since AAAAH!BBA I cannot put into words how long I've anticipated a follow up. Like Ebenezer Von Clutch seeing his favourite video heroes, my innards TINGLE with joy! Thanks for bringing another masterpiece into existence BDG!
I can’t believe he’s been normalising the nickname BDG for years for this very purpose
Nice
Wow. I didn't know I was into this kind of thing.
Sometimes I feel BDG is the only one who understands my tastes
Damn you're awesome!!!!! 😆😆😆
This is why the illuminati had to stop Morbius because if it had succeeded, then we all woulda been Morbin instead of Bee Dee Gee Hee Bee Bee Gee in.
This really ... SUCKS!
This is the bee's knees!
philadelphia
I see and appreciate that mirror trick 👍
I have never been more attracted to a man ever in my life.
what is it with you and vampires???
Proud of the Vampire finally going out there after last year! Good on him
The harmonies!!! Kin ell!
Its like you made this for MEEEEEEEEE
You are a wizard, there is no other worldly explanation. This one is fire.
Not the Boo Gee's???
Thank god for the BDGHBBGs
BDG is definitely one of the factors that made me realize that I was bi.
I can't believe it's already been a year since AAAH!BBA
this is my favourite episode of what we do in the shadows
Brian have proven time and time again he can do literally whatever he wants, and be better an literally anyone at the said thing.
the way i absolutely screamed when i saw this upload. Who cares that my moms in the hospital when i’ve got a new bdg bdghbgb drop
this is amazing
New shoes?
Mira Brian, es probable que no entiendas el español pero te adoro por esto. Ya está era eso.
Omg, is there going to be a How Deep Is Your Tub sung by The Creature from the Black Lagoon? I might die
Wtf the instrumentals actually go so fucking hard
can't wait to reanimate someone to this
YEAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
It is unfathomable to me how one man can hold so much sex appeal.
BDG has BDE ;)
Man BDG is a fanTASTICALLY attractive person
rhyming banshee with jiangshi was inspired
silly
Good lord hes cheeky
I've just now found out about brians Halloween disco music i cannot be happier
YESSSS
Didn’t know Disco-Vampire was something I could be into, but here we are.
how do u sound exactly like the bee gees wtf
A true master of the arts, from health insurance to disco vampires
I have to say, though it pains me somewhat, that BDG has managed to make a genuinely accurate character for Dracula, historically. Disco was a big thing in Romania when my parents were in their twenties, so I 100% believe that this would be Drac's PR video if he happened to resurface during the Soviet occupation.
I guess disco never will die thanks to vampirism.
vampire bdg is the epitome of GENDER
Excellent
Stayin' Alive, performed by a vampire | Bee Dee Gee's Hee Bee Bee Gees?       Yes please!
Disappointed that it wasnt "Ah-Ah-Ah-Ah Staying Alive" (Vampire Laugh)
Between the facial hair and the outfits this might be genuinely the best BDG has looked. Absolutely the image of thriving and (vampire) surviving.
Me every year when BDG becomes a vampire: OH NO HE'S HOT
Another spooky season
The editing is so good, was some of it inspired by inside? I mostly mean near the end.
Oh I just know the vampires from What We Do In the Shadows would eat this up
BDG on what we do in the shadows when?
I'm glad the hit classic parody band "Hee Bee Gee Bees" was taken, because I wouldn't have gotten the whiplash of trying to read Bee Dee Gee's Hee Bee Bee Gees and lose my goddamn mind as soon as it clicked otherwise- yet another banger in the bank, Brian 🤘
me 11 months of the year:  i would die for Brian David Gilbert me in october:  i would ✨👻*stay alive*🧛🏻🧟 for Brian David Gilbert
Big props for Bee Dee Gee to make a parody that actually sounds good
Another instant classic by Bee Dee Gee
It's fucking Morbius!
I love how he does horror out of mundane, and fun out of horror. This man's a true craftsman
I enjoyed that falsetto belting very much. Thank you.
Another for the boys on Discord, we love your stuff, thanks for this jam!
1000% perfect, this is the best halloween tradition in the world
We really need some kind of BDG × WWDITS collaboration or crossover. The Energy would be Wild
OMG the ping pong nosferatu was BRILLIANT!
That mirror bit is fantastic.
That this was shot/edited in the 4:3 aspect ratio is  the kind of attention to detail that makes BDG an absolute legend
2:25 that’s just showing off
Vampire Brian is going through a post-life crisis
Future possible bands: Donna Specter Earth, Wind, and Hellfire Boney M Kool and the Ghoul KC and the can't-go-into-sunshine band Bury Wight
OK the song is great. But the album title is incredible. Congratulations.
I love the music but I'm still waiting for the full version of have you seen my laptop. I need those 12 verses of hurdy gurdy.
When the world needed him most he reappeared!
Bdg looks cute asf 🥰
This is quite simply perfection. Time to spread this like a virus in every group chat I'm in!
You are a treasure <3
The evil Barry Gibb look, dang...
Fucking life changing
I think BDG might have actually become a vampire for this video; I feel completely mesmerized by it, heh heh
I feel like this is a much more believable depiction of a modern vampire than anything Twilight ever put out.
Amazing
falsetto belting until sunrise it is then!!
I love this man
I know this has only been out for 6 hours but I've had this playing more often that not. Good song, I'm definitely not obsessed with it now :)
YES thank you
Does anyone think that BDG is trying to tell us something?
the best part was when he said "I'm Gibbin'" out, then gibbed all over that guy
The father of Ska is also the lord of Spooky Disco!
Gonna think about this next time I'm performing CPR on someone
Note: When performing CPR compressions, please use the original Stayin' Alive, as BDG's cover has a slightly faster tempo.  :D
are you even really celebrating spooky season anymore if you aren't listening to BDGs Halloween disco albums on loop??
Ok
I never read twilight so i never understood why people found vampires attractive until now... loving the eyeshadow and flares look highkey. also would love to know how they did the towel mirror trick
Thank god for fair use with parody purposes
Holy moly
I very much appreciate all the noises of terror showing up in the subtitles.
I think we love BDG because he's the embodiment of what goes on in our brain  🧛 👁️👄👁️
If you don’t keep that beard I’m going to start a riot.
god not the beard too, he grows more powerful every upload...
Am I the only one who thinks Brian in this video looks like a combination of Jeff Blim from Starkid and Bo Burnham from Inside?
I love how BDG makes a strong and very informative video about health insurance but then drops stuff like this after
Am I the only one who thinks this is Laszlo coded?
BDG has such strong T-king energy love, a trans guy x0x
Rip kevin
i love you BDG but now you've gone too far. JK
Wow... Let me explane..    I sent this to my friend and she loved it. She couldn't stop playing it.  And i stand with her this is truley a bop. I might have made this my ringtone. But you'll never know.....
The walk. The groove.  He is one we must truly fear.
This guy is challenging my heterosexuality and I like it.
why he kinda……
the lack of reflection in the mirror and the removing the towel were such good little details
This proves that disco is, in fact, undead
YES!! YES!!!!
I always think there's no possible way to be more physically attracted to this man and every video he proves me wrong
This rips! Great job everyone!
Absolutely amazing
Art thou a creature of the night? As thou doth set the tops of those shoes ablaze!
That has got to be the sexiest vampire I ever seen
his falsetto is amazing
Shoulda been Hee Bee Gee Bees
i love you so much brian david gilbert
How can you tuck in your shirt but not wear a belt?
the lighting at the end <3 everyone knows vampirism is a bisexual affliction
I’ve been waiting for a year for this. Thank you so much. This made my month!
reminds me of a parody we sang in elementary school at music class around October called "Scarin' Alive"
BDG never ceases to amaze me. Actual genius, that name is so freaking good dude omg
per usual, this goes straight to my halloween playlist. as in i'm gonna make a playlist exclusively  built around this song.
...ok but why is he just... Fully, unironically hot in this??
Your hair and makeup look so good! Love this Halloween tradition!
I love how Brian is making a new modern Monster Mash playlist every single year
He HAS the RANGE, DARLING
HE'S BACK
This man will be the next Weird Al
🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐
I wonder how Brian Gibb would feel about this..?!
The Laszlo Cravensworth Energy coming off this video is out of control (this is a compliment)
when i grow up, i want to be brian david gilbert
The detail of the towel being ripped down in the reflection as well, I cant, BDG is a bloody genius (pun intended)
Yes, the mirror editing is sublime, however not enough attention is brought to how accurate that outfit is to the original music video.
My therapist: vampire Bees Gees Brian isn't real, he can't hurt you Vampire Bee Gees Brian:
I have no idea why nor how I came across this work of art but I love it I feel like there's a rabbithole that I'm about to go down lol
WOW! Referencing the Chinese Zombie by their official name? DAMN. Deep cuts!
The 4:3 ratio
BUT WHAT DID HE DO WITH THE TOWEL THO???
THE MIRROR SHOT AT 2:26 IS SO CLEAN
just the best, not much to say. love you bdg
I desperately need BDG to make an appearance in the next season of What We Do In The Shadows
Pretty sure this unlocked a new emotion for me. Truly visionary
BDG and Jonah deserve a Grammy for the line “whether you’re a banshee or whether you’re a jiangshi” ALONE
The "I was in show choir" energy is so high in this one.
Not enough people are talking about bdg’s beard and I think we need to change that.
The morbius we deserve
boy you are serving LASZLO 👏💖
Amazing lol
I don't know if I'm more impressed by the great cover or 'Bee Dee Gee's Hee Bee Bee Gees' as the title.
If this doesn’t play during the new Blade movie I will be very disappointed
he could be a tumblr sexyman
Stay un-alive
at first glance i thought that was patrick gill in the thumbnail
Your beard is immaculate 😳
This is amazing. The production quality is 🤌
Can't wait for the album
BRIANPIRE DAVID BLOOBERT, THAT'S MY LIFE NOW
An 80s disco vampire could be the next best concept for a Vampire: The Masquerade character.
i dream to have half as much, nay, a quarter as much charisma as this maxed out all stats vampire
the fact that just adding some fake red eyebags makes brian look so much like pat is terrifying
I know significantly less songs by Bee Gees than I know by ABBA so this is gonna be very fun for me
this is the most bisexual video I've ever experienced
oh hoo boy oh lord oh fuck oh shit /pos absolutely adore everyone who worked on this project, it is magnificent
…I LOVE THIS
Clearly the superior version.
I like to imagine that this is the same vamp from last year, but he’s finally gotten out of his “dark and brooding” vampire phase and into his “funky flamboyant” vampire phase
The amount of joy this brings me is incalculable! So very good!  Also, since I do not actually know the lyrics to this song except for "stayin' alive", I could be convinced these are the actual lyrics.
can't wait to have this on an infinite loop once I discover immortality
Was that Kevin T. Porter?
BDG cameo on WWDITS when?
"Sir I found there werewolf!" "John, that's a guy" "Oh....Wait, wait! Hes transforming!" "Dear god. Hes not a werewolf...hes...a MUSICAL THEATER KID! BOYS GET OVER HERE! *Screams of dramatic agony*
This is an accurate parody of this era of song because I also can't understand more than 1 in 10 words being said in this version.
A beautiful two songs. Amazing work.
I’m nearly at the end of the LMAM podcast and this upload is mitigating my sadness at the lack of new episodes. Ty for continuing to provide the weirdly good weird music I crave
The vocals, the visuals, the horror. Consider it added to my Halloween playlist.
BDG the absolute legend you are
why am i attracted to disco vampire bdg
i think if Barry Gibb sees this? he would get a kick out of it
The captions are so good. *falsetto belting* and "Ah! (AHH!) Ah! (EEE!) Ah! (AUGH!) Ah! (EUGH!)" are my favorites.
why do I get strong Alex Turner vibes..
Oh no, he's hot. (I mean wh knew that, but holy crap he looks good sruffy haha)
Every new video I become less and less sure that this man is real
i choose to believe that this the same vampire from Lay All Your Blood On Me but a few centuries later
why do i find strange vampire cover brian so much more attractive than "normal" brian
Welp. I know what I'm showing to my Curse of Strahd group on Monday.
Thanks gonna use this to woox walk
I’m seriously impressed by how hard he’s nailing this vocal style. The whole sound in general is spot on, but getting that much power out of falsetto like that isn’t easy.
When i saw the werewolf one, i was like "alright, thats fun" but now that theres a series of them, im pretty sure im in love with brian david gilbert
BDG has never looked more like he's in Arctic Monkeys than in this video
I liked the beginning, but then it got too spooky for me; nevertheless, my favorite part was when he said Stayin' Alive. 10/10
When he said he made songs about another disco band I jokingly thought "haha what if it's the bee gees" well here we are
I wonder how many minutes of footage there is of him literally just walking
YES
genuinely thought the thumbnail had Pat Gill in it, I was looking forward to more Gill and Gilbert!
This is so good oh my god
Lost it with bee dee gees :'D
god his vocals are so impressive
My old new first aid jam remastered
I really hope you choose QUEEN for your next monster musical project ♥
Amazing 👌
Oh god it's here
this is too good for my mortal ears
Brian, Jonah, Karen- I hope y'all get to hang out with Weird Al someday. just like. as buddies. just straight chillin
I wish I had a tenth of the swagger that vampire BDG has. 🥰🧛🎃
You are amazing and I hope to see you creating for a long time.
BDG (sorry; Bee Dee Gee) was born to sing Bee Gee’s music. It fits his personality to a tee.
It's that time of year baybee!!
You have the perfect hair for this song
Someone @justin timberlake he has been usurped
Not only is this hilarious but its a very amazing cover of Staying Alive in general. You guys crushed this. I would listen to this on an album.
He did it. The mad lad did it again.
He looks like Hozier's weird little brother and it's incredible
Brian in his best Pat Gill cosplay I see
I love it. There is nothing else that needs to be said.
But wait... Aren't vampires undead?
This is exactly what I needed to fuel my disco kick.
ok but am i the only broken person who definitely thought this was referring to voice actor jonah scott? i was so excited. bdg+jonah scott+jonah scott when??
he didn't even change the lyrics
It's morbin time
Made my year
This is way better than it has any right to be. Actual, certified bop. How dare you.
a masterpiece
instead of doing cpr to stayin alive, i will now do cpr to stayin alive (preformed by a vampire edition)
you know... weirdly I usually find Disco, Vampires, and BDG sexy : AS SEPERATE ELEMENTS. Disco vampire BDG somehow goes against that.
Brian has grown far too powerful
Love it BDG! You continue to make life better! Worlds a better place cuz your in it!
I can only say, I LOVE YOU BDG
You can't stop this beat
Holy shit.. it begins
Asolute banger much like last year's Lay All your Love on Me which I still listen on repeat off season.
been waiting all year for these, bless
I’m now CONVINCED Brian’s hair is always a prop. Since he lost the baby helmet, he felt too much comedy was missing
Me mixing pb oreos with greek yogurt:  IT'S ALRIGHT IT'S OK AND IT'S ALRIGHT IT'S OK
I like how there is now a real possiblity that if someone around me is in need of chest compressions, the thought of a disco vampire will pop into my head.
Okay but so love the outfits
That was aamzing
This man is a Halloween Treasure
Brian David Gilbert? More like   Tryan ToDrink UrBlood
I have never seen a video that begged more for “A wild X appears!” joke than this one for that Kevin Porter cameo.
bdg & crew out here singlehandedly turning halloween (a holiday i as a finnish person do not celebrate) into my favourite time of year with these banger covers
YOUR SO FUCKING TALENTED !!
I love these so much
I am smping for this hair and this beard HARD omg 😳🤤
Brian's had me in his thrall for so long, i think he just releases new stuff every so often to keep it going.
I'm glad this is back
THE CROWD GOES WILD
Brian, I like your video.
if you know you want to go hang with nosferatu and you're staying alive, stayin' alive, ah ah AH ah stayinn' aliiiiiiivveeeieevveee  im in love
If I ever have to save a life with CPR, it will now be to the Bee Dee Gee's Hee Bee Bee Gees cover
Flawless music, dance and hair!
Killed this! Made my day
My sexuality is exclusively vampire BDG  Edit: I just saw the werewolf video and would like to redact the previous statement. Werewolf BDG is also on that list thanks :)
All the D&D nerds are think abt Strahd rn
IM MESMERIZED that might just be what happens you hold eye contact with a vampire for too long
nice morbius costume Brian
you know, i kept debating whether i was more impressed by those pants or the hair that i am frankly jealous of, but then he put on a SPARKLE SUIT, and then the FALSETTO BELTING ABSOLUTELY STOLE THE SHOW, like every element of these music videos is immaculate
Greetings, All. This Early Comment is designed to boost the video in the Hugh Tube Algorithm, sharing with more people the gift that is BDG's Disco Vampire Parodies. Thank you, awl.  Please do not reply to this automatically generated message.
This is utterly fantastic. Absolutely work that green screen you funky vampire man
This is fantastic but even with context the phrase "I'm a thirsty man" inserted into this classic tune unsettles me
awesome.
Pulling the green towel down as he leaves the bathroom was just an excuse to show off his mirror editing skills
Didn't know that BDG and Brutalmoose were the same person.
this was the breakup song i needed, and NO, I will not explain
BDG's upload schedule is as irregular as his beard
I do not want to like disco. I DO NOT WANT TO LIKE DISCO.
Beard D G
Tagged: Songs Grandma Aggie Boogie'd To In The Seventies
I can see Lucian from Underworld. Sexy bartard
Sorry if I'm being really dumb, but what's the pun with "Hee Bee Bee Gees" ?
He's really walking exactly on the line between Toreador and Malkavian.
my god, Brian, everything content you create is just gold, how? just... how?
My GOD this slaps so much
XD
It's officially Halloween now. 🥹
This isnt halo lore
*insert Squidward voice* OH NO HE'S HOT  BDG once again proves to the world that he's more than just a smouldering vampire cosplaying as a derpy human making polarized and incredible videos
holy shit this is incredible
Somehow if i asked whats 2010 internet to somebody akd they showed me this i would 100% believe it
Brian looks so gender right now, it's insane.
The Bee Gees arent near as good as Abba but the pun is top tier
I fucking called it!! Was low key hoping the vampire would be "how deep is your blood"and "staying alive" was a zombie
The best way I can describe this aesthetic is if Keanu Reeves had a gay edgy son
"whether you're a zombie or whether you're a mummy you're stayin' alive" should get some kind of award, honestly
What is the number for the grammys
More than the actual content, I love the sheer self-indulgence on display.  This is clearly a project for BDG first and anyone else second.  Never stop.
bone chilling
Ha lol
I am disappointed this did not include a Vincent price style spoken word break down at the 330 mark. Other than that this is gold
This is magnificient
Alright, I'll bite. Guess I'm listening to this now. 20/10 horror disco never looked so good!
Instrumental is wildly good holy shit
More proof that BDG is the GDB, if it were even needed in the first place  (gosh dang best, for those wondering)
the ambition of BDG to release this on the same day as the new Taylor Swift album is something else.
Why is this such a fucking bop tho?
BDG is my ideal gender presentation
thanks for recreating that deleted scene from Morbius
this has no right to slap as much as it does
The only person I've heard to actually hit those notes, what the fuck Brian.
I could never go wasting my emotion on anyone other than BDG
Looks a bit like Daniel Radcliffe in Swiss Army Man
I can't believe I found out BDG uploaded via Hank Green....it do be crazy out here
THE BISEXUAL VAMPIRE AS RETURN !
why didn't Sony hire you to play Morbius!? this is fucking gold!
DISCO HALLOWEEN IS BACKKKKK
Immediately added to every playlist I have
it's a bone-ified monster-piece
how'd you know i use a nice CRT monitor from 2003, thank you for the aspect ratio!
👌👏👏👏👏😂💙
the walk cycle, the falsetto, the harmonies T_T if I died after 4 minutes and 16 seconds I would be content with all that my life led up to
somebody get this guy a cameo on What We Do In The Shadows
We can all appreciate BDG's singing, but these arrangements are just as incredible
For a split second I legit wondered how he got Pewdiepie in one of his videos
im gonna cum this is just TOO groovy. it must be the vampire aphrodisiac in the bite
You should add subtitles to these they’re hilarious
Secluded victorian vampire and disco dancing vampire are so different yet such valid forms of being a vampire
He’s done it again, my main man!
YES I WAS HOPING ANOTHER HALLOWEEN THEMED ALBUM WOULD COME OUT IM SOHAPPY GOING ON PLAYLIST RN
The world needs more disco vampires, thank you Brian, David and Gilbert
oh shit Kevin T Porter! what a crossover of my favourite internet weirdos
It’s only a matter of time for this song to be used in a cpr training video…
New What We Do In The Shadows season dropped, best one yet
I was noticed this upload while on the treadmill, I couldn't be luckier.
Brian David Gilbert continues to establish himself as the template for all other Tumblr Sexy Men
I knew BDG was a man of many talents but goddamn, I’m still blown away by this performance!
An instant classic that's going on my Halloween playlist, right after "Warewolf Bar Mitzvah"
The Horror Disco videos make me so happy
incredible.
This is a music film.
The existential horror of actually “staying alive” forever as a vampire BDG
Legit impressed with the detail of not showing up in the mirror but still pulling the towel!
Why I'm wet?..
This guy makes the contentest of contents
This is also really funny because Stayin' Alive can be used to keep a consistent beat for doing CPR
Bdg likes twilight time to unsub
Whether you're a banshee or whether you're a jiangshi, you'll appreciate this.
Oh my god. Holy shit. I wanted to hope. I wanted to hope that you'd do something like this again. But, I didn't dare, for fear of disappointment.   You did it. You crazy son of a bitch.
I was expecting a zombie, But I'm so aroused right now I don't even care.
I still listen to the first Halloween album regularly so this is great to see
instant save to my music playlist.
post-bloodlust weekend party vampire BDG is such a specific yet universal mood. man looks like he just ate the best dinner ever at 4am and is now regretting asking for seconds and thirds and fourths. quintessential behind-the-scenes disco hangover look.  i don't know what tf music video makes me feel, but i'm feeling SOMETHING and boy howdy how boydy bee dee gee hee bee bee gees _whew_
IT BEGINS
so excited to be here at this time of year again LET'S GO LADS, PUMP UP THE BOOMBOXES TIME TO PARADE THROUGH THE STREETS AT MIDNIGHT
BDG is coming for Alex Turner!
I need to see you as a character or writer for what we do in the shadows
I couldn't have asked for a better birthday gift.   Except for a money tree.
Morbius 2 looks great
YES HALLOWEEN IS HERE
Oh boy he does use his walk.
It took me a second to figure out why the mirror seemed odd. Very good detail.
love the nosferatu footage
Hes morbing.
It is deeply unfair how attractive I find this man.
I've always remembered it as Hee Bee Gee Bees, it being Hee Bee Bee Gees is throwing me through a loop
I love how much fun BDG and the gang are having in these
beard brian!
I could watch Brian dance all day
WHAT. ARE. THESE. BACKGROUNDS MANN?!! I LOVE them!
I honestly don't have words for how amazing this is. Brian's incredible vocal range, that anguished wail at the beginning that turns into a note, DID I MENTION HIS FALSETTO IS SO GOOD HOLY CRAP, the whole outfit (the white high-heeled boots!!! the shiny jacket!!!), his beard and hair and makeup (the makeup is sooo good), his absolutely stunning runway walk, his facial expressions, and of course the fangs....just...wow. Bee Dee Gee outdoes himself every time
Jonah?!?!?!
Brian put way more effort into his performance as a vampire than Jared Leto did in Morbius
Wow BDG, your Patrick Gill cosplay is on fire holy shit
incredible
I was not prepared for banshee to be rhymed with jiangshi.  Excellent hee bee bee gees.
incredible
The disco vampire has risen from the grave
Genius.
OH HELL YEA
We continue to not deserve you, BDG. AMAZING job.
Brian should get a guest appearance in What We Do In The Shadows
fucking beautiful
how the hell did you make that mirror scene
this slaps so incredibly hard
Hell yeah
Glad the beard finally came in :)
The outfit? The lyrics? The bisexual lighting in the last minute? Unmatched.
Did... Did he just eat Kevin?
Holy shit he’s done it again
His voice sounds better... It shouldn't sound better
I just realized that my camera is Mirrorless. Did they invent this for vampires?
❤❤❤
Once again, a MASTA PIECE!
So this is the power having three first names gives you.
Interesting interpretation of Morbius.
He kinda looks like Tom Hiddleston in this video
this is the best bee gees cover/parody album since the foo fighters did it
Vambrian lacking a reflection in the mirror is a nice detail!
this is fire
The best birthday Gift I could every recive. Thank you Brain you king.
Kevin!
this much concentrated baby toreador energy should be illegal
bdg really is a gift to humanity
I don't know what I'm more impressed by: the falsetto or the editing in that mirror shot
The song slaps but that strut is *chef's kiss*
BDG is a got damn national treasure!
THE WAY I SCREAMED WHEN I SAW THIS
Brian, you thirsty genius 😮
You'll want to soak that in cold water and salt to get the blood out.
Yes. Yesssssss.
BDG et al mutli-handidlly bringing new life to my Halloween playlists. Thank you so much.
A masterpiece, holy shit
I've had an ahhbasolutely horrible week, currently really just stayin' alive and not much else, this video has boosted my mood immensely. truly thank you for the A+ content mr David
Brian's stare on the attack scene was legit scary
I like how the aaaaahba vampire is based in classic vampires like Dracula and Nosferatu, while this one is part of the sexy vampire trope that is made from the twilight books, castlevania and Interview with a Vampire
Welcome to the terrifying world of fangs, fur, and very large medallions. It's Bee Dee Gee's Hee Bee Bee Gees.  stream on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/album/0GOWf73AODnueap6qkvsOJ?si=7L6aAER3TqiNeUDO2jNhZg watch Tragedy: https://youtu.be/zSZGkk8neHg Only two songs this year (thanks to a certain health insurance video), which was quite painful due to my love of the Bee Gees and the fact that they made so many perfect songs for Halloween, but I hope you enjoy them nonetheless.
Thank you Brian
THE FUCKING MIRROR WHY IS NO ONE TALKING ABOUT THE MIRROR
Brain is looking hot
2:33  you fukkin wot
okay but the chord he sung at the end
This is too good!
BDG with a beard is hot now? Uh oh.
genuinely overjoyed when i heard bdg was doing another halloween album because of how sincerely i enjoyed the last one, and fuck this one doesn’t disappoint
Is this the same vampire?
The last shot of Brian is a very relatable nightclub experience. Granted with usually less blood. Usually.
THE MAD LAD. HE’S DONE IT AGAIN
🤯🤠👏
Fuck yeah!!!!!!
I'm so attracted to vampire Brian it's unfair
I’m going to continue my tradition of adding BDG’s songs to my Halloween playlist and confusing all the parents of trick-or-treaters. 😂 Thanks for another banger Brian!
I feel like BDG must have thought "haha, won't it be funny if I dress up like a 70s disco vampire" only to then look in a mirror and realize this look fucking rocks actually, he looks smoking hot
Brian you're going to hit 1 million subs and that ducking rocks
NGL... vampire brian is hitting different....
I can't believe we get another Ah!lloween album!
I like the name Hee Bee Bee Gees personally.
Glad to see BDG's fangs have grown in a bit better since the "Lay all your blood on me" days
That's some Gender right there
I love this more than the original can't listen to the OG anymore Gilbert what have you done
*falsetto belting*
It’s morbin time
Fun fact: you didn’t read the band title all the way through
Brian knows Hozier?
Another masterpiece, this one really got my blood pumping
i love everything about this. the facial expressions. the grooving. the high pitched screamjng
Brian makes for the perfect sexy vampire
He put that treadmill TO WORK!
Oh I did NOT expect to be getting this!! What a delight, we’ve been gifted more BDG spoopy songs! ❤❤❤❤
My man Brian here channeling vampire, as well as werewolf vibes. :D
He done did been doing did do done it again
Who just *let* you do this?
I wanna see bdg and nsp do a song together desperately
YES
<annoyed, from the other room> babe he's doin it again  jk keep goin
So when's the cameo on What we do in the Shadows?
When I tell you I was absolutely DELIGHTED to see this music vid, it feels like an understatement. Going beyond fangtastic, this was bloody amazing, and I’m going to show all of my (definitely human) friends. 🧛🏻 🧟 💀 👻🦇 🎃   (I also like the momentary callback to the “haha what skit” that implies vampires have to match blood type, because oh my gosh that would be so much work, I’m glad I’m just a similacrum…oh no I’ve said too much-!)
This new blade movie looks tight
THE SOB TRANSITIONING INTO A WAILING NOTE…
HAPPY FUCKING HALLOWEEN BABY!!!!!!!
This is so wonderful. If these don't become an annual tradition I'm gonna become the joker.
so "how deep is your love" from a Cthulhu cultist is up next?
I'm so glad that Brian David Gilbert took up the annual Halloween song torch that Danny Gonzalez left open.
OH SHIT
I hope this doesn't awaken anything in me.
Oh heck yeah another parody for me to listen to so much that I ruin the original for myself
Yes, this is humorous, but it's primarily a very good cover of Stayin' Alive by the Bee Gees.
Thank you Brian.
I was on my way to physics when I saw this had dropped. I thought: “Yeah, physics can wait”.  Seriously though, this was amazing. It will finally complete my Halloween dance playlist.
I enjoy the pure FNAF fan game made by a 13 year old energy of the backgrounds.
Brutalmoose, is that you?
The reharmonization in the outro is great
This is my new CPR song.
Watch this masterpiece reach a million views before the week is out
BDG is genuinely a generational talent.
Great arrangement!! Really interesting mixing and texturing. I love the pitched up ah responses. Also great vampire mirror shot!
Having a truly horrid day today and this has brightened my mood more than I can say, outstanding work yet again BDG
He’s out here expanding the Halloween music play list all on his own
ngl i was half expecting the "ah, ah, ah, ah" part to be changed to "blah, blah, blah, blah" but tbf that could have been too much xD
This is one of the main reasons BDG was blessed with talent: to realise his potential as an internet legend and part-time spooky cover cryptid
This is stunning, perfect for Halloween time! Love it. Also WOW you slayed the Bee Gee vibes.
this is so gender
That mirror gag was great
Is this a continuation of the previous video?
AMAZING. BDG can sing!
Despite being vampires in both this and Lay All Your Blood On Me, Brian manages to effectively portray two very different- very sexy vampires.
oh great another number of songs to get stuck in my head for 3-6 months.
I was so ready for this song to release
Seeing bdg with a full face of hair is extremely unnerving, since he’s clean shaven 90% of the time
The crying in front of the mirror  This video is a masterpiece
My new favorite song to sing while performing CPR
OH ITS THIS TIME AGAIN
Some really powerful music, when the Belmonts are trying to erase you.
You look so pretty.. love this 💕
I absolutely NEEDED this in my life!!!
holy shit this is so good. thank you for blessing us!
this had no rights to tlao as much as it did
Any other trans masc enby experience extreme gender envy while watching this? Just me?
S        T        R        U         T   T  R  U  T
He just doesn't miss.
The off-beat reaction "ahhs" at 1:55 are so perfect
I’ve been waiting for this
it’s giving jcpenny’s commerical and no i cannot explain why, but i am absolutely eating it up.
I'm placing a bet on something I'm hoping to hear. No idea if we will because it's kind if a niche song, but: Tragedy, sung by... really any tragic monster, but I'm thinking the Phantom of the Opera.
I have rarely been more excited from a YouTube notification than this one
This parody is such a bop, Disco Hozier!
Eternally hopeful Brian David Gilbert will take a bite outta me
Here’s hoping this can get BDG to 1 MILLION SUBSCRIBERS!!! We’re so close😁
Everyone is praising the power of Bryan's walk, fantastic vocals, and great costuming. So I'm going to praise the fact this has perfectly timed Closed Captions. As someone with Audio Processing Disorder it can be tricky for me to understand the lyrics in songs. So thank you for making this amazing video and song accessible!
That is the most POWERFUL walk I've ever seen Damn Brian
This one's my favourite yet
Yesss...  YYYEEEEEEEEEEESSS!
oh em gee bee dee gee's hee bee bee gee give mee the hee bee gee bees, the creeps eeven
the shocking velocity at which I clicked the link
This is a wonferful new tradition
Possibly too good to be a parody, think I prefer this over the original
I have to assume this was meant to say "The Bee Gees' Hee Bee Gee Bees, but there was some kind of horrible accident and this was all that's left
Damn, Brian, the look, the vocals, the attitude. Immaculate.
I can't get over the mirror bit at 2:25. So well made!
at this rate next year i'll have a really nice playlist for the entirety of october
your videos make my days better
it's actually criminal that you have not been a vampire in any tv show or movie
This slapped so hard I died and was revived with a thirst for blood. 💀🧛‍♀️
Much sillier than last year's was.
Hozier looks a bit different these days
Wow, Brian's audition for What We Do In The Shadows goes hard
brian, you honestly cant keep absolutely fucking nailing this and creating insanely well made parodies like this. its iconic behaviour and showing your talents in multiple areas, watch out or you'll become more of a legend
Thumbs up if you’ve never been able to dissociate this song from a certain bc television program that aired in 2012. :|
I’m case you are from the future when they’re deleted, there is a bot reply to every single comment, probably including this one
This man has a power over any Bisexual he wishes to control.
"So how we following that detailed discussion on the American healthcare system?" "Vampire Bee Gees?" "Vampire Bee Gees."
I swear I'm going dressed  like this on Halloween
Fuck yea vampire guy
Brian's done the impossible. He's actually made me like a Bee Gees song.
I love this
Brian and Jonah, you've done it again!
Spooky disco is back!
Absolutely shocked this didn't start with a anti-occult disclaimer a la "Thriller
another banger brian i love u
You just wanted to try your Halloween costume early and made this video as an excuse. Admit it!
Thank you.
I always look forward to BDGs next cry for help
incredible. thank you, bdg. rip kevin
As brilliant as this is, what I really want is a new work by 2wins2. When is that coming?
When you hate being alive but you remember Brian might do these every year. Bless.
the weird al of halloween strikes again
Masterful!!!
I've been waiting all year for this and I didn't even know it.
Is BDG single? Asking for a friend 😳
SONG OF THE SEASON
Its the most wonderful time of the year…
THE PRODUCTION VALUE!
THE PRODUCTION VALUE!
God that mirror scene was flawless
Brian’s channeling Harry from Disco Elysium
The title is brilliant abd the song is soooo good 🤩🤩
Oh Goddess it's happening again
Glorious!
Holy shit this is art
3:28 Eargasm
When I attended a Christian school, 2 of my classmates were singing the original version of this song. I asked what “Women warm” meant, and our teacher said: “Would you want your women cold?” Lol
THIS IS AMAZING IVE BEEN WAITING FOR VAMPIRE MAN
Ah, finally that time of year again where Brian wears vampire teeth and sings disco
thank you brian you saved and made my day :D AGAIN :D
THE OUTFIT IS SO GOOD
Dunno if it was meant to or not but your similarity to Michael Morbius is impeccable
Im sure the lyrics are great but I dont speak 80's apparently
Why is this so perfect?
Nobody gives u right be this hot.  He is slaying THIS 😭✨🙏
If I can ever make something half as impressive and creative as BDG, I will consider myself a success.
Alright, NOW it’s Halloween 🎃
I'll say it:  this music release was better than midnights
Oh the mirrorwork is always good for vamp media
*very* disappointed that Brian chose to sing it really well instead of going "ah ah ah" like Count von Count
When I saw the promotional post, I knew it was gonna be Bees Gees this year!!! This makes me… indescribably happy.
All pf Brian's iterations have my bi ass going: This! This is my type in men.
This is the best thing I'm gonna see today 🦇🤟🦇🤟
I'm pretty sure this channel could be something bigger if wasn't for the fact most of your audience are "gamers"
Brian single handedly saving the Halloween music genre is the funniest thing to me
I've been waiting for this
SLAY
he does slay!
from 3:05 on it's hypnotic
3:01 me when
great cover, bee dee gee!
Let's take a moment to appreciate that BDG didn't need to toss that towel making that shot harder by having the mirror actually work as a mirror, but he still did it, just to flex.
I'm gonna propose some possible BDG lore to everyone Brian, David, and Gilbert are different identities one for the spooks, one for parody, and maybe one for the streams.
I've never needed anything so specifically in the exact moment it arrived.
I really hope some pre-disco Bee Gees tracks get a parody at some point
ignoring his fantastic, earth-shattering, marvelous walk; bdg is becoming the next weird al and i am in love
2022 has blessed me with two banger stayin alive covers first the one made for bullet train and now this
love the beard
This is a work of musical and comedy genius
What a way to start the day. Thank you.
Incredible, wonderful, fantastic, brilliant, hot
Brian this is such a good look on you. You might can't wear hats but you can for Sure wear fangs
YEAH LET'S GET IT i was JUST showing the abba ones to my friend yesterday
Lookin good
My 7 years old is begging me to stop playing this lool
AHHH! AHHH! AHHH! AHHHHHHH!
Lool
He changed so little and yet changed so much. Masterfully done!
BDG & Jonah Scott’s Halloween covers are the best thing to happen to planet earth
OK...this is fantastic! Dude. Seriously quit farting around and call Weird Al!
I didn't know I needed that xD
I wonder what BDG's next facial hair design will be after this beard, or if the beard will evolve over time
OMG he did it again :0
I wish I could like this a thousand times more.
bdg Hozier era??
Honestly the first time I've heard someone rhyme "Banshee" with "Jiangshi."
If you shave the beard I’m sending death threats
… this is not BDG. The reason that Barry Gib is still alive is, obviously, because he turned into a vampire and *this* is how he chooses to tell the world.
Apparently Brian can just slap on a pair of fangs and immediately have more charisma than most any other vampire out there. Magnificent.
I like to imagine this is the same vampire from *Lay all your blood on me* just now in the 1980s instead of the 1880s
I'm frightened by how into this I am. Thanks, BDG? I guess?
I want to hear what you actually sounded like singing with those teeth in
BEE DEE GEES HEE BEE DEE BEES
Anyone else think that 70's vampire BDG just looks like current Alex Turner from Arctic Monkeys?
the vocal range, the music, the dancing, the walk. incredible. astounding. perfect.
OMG! I just woke up and this is totally the energy that I needed to help me though midterms. Thanks
NOT AGAIN
BDGS BACK WITH THE GHOULISH HITS OF THE 60’s!!
This video seals it for me: Brian is the sexiest man alive.
this is amazing. absolutely top tier.
i hope this release of halloween spun covers becomes a tradition
I'd watch morbius if this was the morbing
Gonk
Blessed. Only time will tell if he'll be able to top Under Attack from last year's album.
This is such a good look for him. Makin me a lil thirsty too
This SLAPS
Legend has it that on foggy moonlit nights in October you can also hear BDG's haunting falsetto every time a wolf howls.
Now I'm waiting for how deep is my tomb from a mummy
love this episode of what we do in the shadows!
YEEES MORE HALLOWEEN PARODIES
and it's alright and it's okay
Ohy my god the man has done it again
Listening to this is the perfect way to celebrate October. Added to my Halloween playlist immediately.
Best thing I could have woken up to
This is possibly the greatest sequel ever better than aliens better than the godfather 2 nothing compares
I would pay for an urban fantasy show with the great vampire lord Bee Dee Gee
The monsters in the woods with the red sky really remind me of the only ghost story that really scared the crap out of me as a kid. Also, amazing work as always, your voice and creativity are top tier.
The only song I'll be performing chest compressions to from now on
if bdg managed to top the abba covers i cant even IMAGINE what he has in store next year if this is now a yearly tradition. personally i think a vampire cover of its raining men should be next
The walk, the mirror, and the vocal range he doesn’t miss.
the gender envy is strong with this one,,,,
You win music.
Love this video, AAAAAAbba is some of my favorite parody music period. I also now know BDG with stubble looks like a cross between Bo Burnham and Matt Mercer. Fantastic.
This is amazing bravo sir 👏👏👏
This was every bit as amazing as I knew it was going to be before I even played it
Fuckin perfection
This is the most astoundingly on-brand thing ive ever seen Bravo
BDG single-handedly making my playlist for my Vampire DND character.
So good
Oh the irony
OH YEAH ANOTHER ONE
I'm so glad BDG is doing more horror-themed disco!
THANK YOU I OWE YOU MY LIFE
I've been looking forward to this all week and its brilliant!
This is vastly more creative and compelling than the actual video for Stayin' Alive
This is the exact song I was hoping for, and it is so much better than I could have wanted 👌😩
everything we wanted
I wish he could cameo in What We Do In The Shadows, he could sing at Nadja’s club, someone send this to Taika
i didn't know that this was the pickmeup i needed today
Blown away by the perfectly executed rhyme of “if you’re low you ought to go hang with Nosferatu”
BDG as Dr. Livesey strut when?
on my birthday i couldnt have wished for something better <3
2:34 is such an unnecessary but amazing effects shot. No one would have minded or even noticed if Brian didn't rip the towel off the wall, and the mirrored reflection was therefore just a static image. But "No!" cried Brian "I will rip the towel off the wall, and then, leaving the camera in the exact same position, we will somehow rig for the towel to be ripped off the wall in such a way that when reflected by the mirror into the camera, looks believable similar and also does not in any way show whatever actually ripped the towel off the wall, and then, we shall composite the mirror from the second video into the bathroom of the first video and also, to make the compositing even more difficult, I will reach out and touch the mirror which will probably be incredibly difficult to chroma key".
This video gives me huge Weird Al vibes
This motherfucker LMAO So well done and cheeseball.
Man I need a dance more tutorial on those very intimidating walks. Need to up my game
are you also going to release a video of  your version of "tragedy"
I absolutely love this
I AM SO UNBELIEVABLY EXCITED FOR THIS YESSSSSSS
This bring me life. Eternal thanks.
will works at target
this was insane oh my god yes
YESSSSS!!! YEAR 2 OF THE NEW MILENNIUM
absolutely amazing thank you
Ok. That was a straight up Ted Neely level start. Daaamn.
Ive never been let down by a bdg project
BDG's lost audition tape for What We Do in the Shadows.
a fashion icon
Yes, this goes right in with the others. I dare call it even better than last years take. Also briliant how it sounds almost like *Stay unalive*
I love this
That mirror trick was pretty clever with the green towel, nice touch. Good effort Bee Dee Gee's Hee Bee Bee Gees
this had stirred something in me
Thanks for the good food 🩸
I've been listening to the ABBA covers on loop, and am VERY EXCITED to throw this into the rotation. How the fuck is this man so perfect???
what are you hiding?  https://i.postimg.cc/jjGChGsk/image.png
The category is: Disco Vamp Chic! Also I’m using this video as dressing music for when I need to get into my costume :)
Rhyming banshee with jiangshi is genuinely one of the most powerful things I've ever witnessed.
Stunning as always
hey BDG, congrats for this music. Even not considering the vampire joke, the groove is absolutely bangers! This is LEGIT GOOD 🕺
It was far too early in the morning for me to squeal so loudly in delight. The LYRICS on this one! Subtitles should not have been optional!
Big Laszlo Cravensworth energy and I'm here for it
JONAH SCOTT??? VOICE OF JEAN FROM 2013 AOT??!!??!!??!!
An introduction to American insurance, immediately followed by a Halloween disco parody. BDG is the treasure of our time.
Great song and all, but what I really want to know is how you did the mirror thing.
I did not realize how well BDG matched the original Bee Gees look until I watched their Stayin Alive music video after this. Very well done dude.
Holy shit, this is your ultimate form.
Absolutely my favorite Halloween special this year lol awesome
I don't know where in your brain these parodies keep coming from but I neeeeeeeed them
IT'S HERE!!!!!!!
Bee Dee Gee’s He Bee Bee Gee’s gave Mee Thee Heebie Jeebies        Yes i know he bee bee gees was a play on heebie jeebies go away
Killing it again BDG!
This sucks!  ...what? No no no, that's because vampires suck blood, which is to say the video is good and well-executed. What did you think I meant?
YEESSSSSSS
I wanna be this cool one day is there a class I can join or like a webinar or
YES!!!!!
This man just oozes sex
Brian radiates equal amounts of comedic and sexual energy and that kinda scares me
I  can't believe Brian subjected himself to the nightmare of the vampire teeth again for our entertainment; thank you Hee Bee Geesus
i genuinely wanna see him strut on a runway
Holy SHIT brian, those moves are fire!
I wish I could like this multiple times
Immense bisexual energy.
music by Jonah Scott? Like Legoshi Jonah Scott? I hope these are as fun to make as they are to watch !
I really appreciate that they put “falsetto belting” into the closed captions
God this goes so hard
Is this song written by Aaaahlucard?
you look exactly like ben beetham
I feel like if he really put the work in and got buff it be the best joke
Seriously sooo damn good. Flawless video and performance!!!! Just in awe!
Brian, you can't keep dressing fashionably and have me question my taste in clothing.
Oh here is the gender envy again
I've heard this song a million times and I guess I've never really listened to the lyrics closely enough to appreciate that "life goin' nowhere, somebody help me" is an actual real lyric in this song and totally changes the tone of the song
I hope this is now a yearly tradition because you always put out BANGERS
Yo this is powerful, I loved the last one and now we have this???
more... i need... MORE!
My jaw dropped when I saw the title I'm so ready
This is what I aspire to be. Thank you, Brian David Gilbert, for inspiring me. Thank you. Also I fucking love that beard! edit: SHIT, YOUR DANCING! FUCK, I LOVE IT!
We definitely appreciate that mirror shot; the towel pull was a great touch.
I simply can't explain how hard the title of this made me laugh
Karen Han is a lucky lady
Unholy shit! Stayin' Alive is my all time favourite song and you have no idea just how happy you make me with adding another unique cover to the great list of well crafted unique covers of this song.
We're all just gonna ignore that Kevin Porter is in this???
*falsetto belting*
Incredible
BDG you're a fuckin god
Seems like Alex Turner released two albums today
no matter how rough my day starts or has been the videos you make lift me up out of my funk, thank you Brian David Gilbert your charisma is unmatched
Much anticipated 🎉🎃❤️
honey!! wake up!! the new brian david gilbert halloween music just dropped!
This cover puts Stayin Alive at the same height as Tragedy in my book! Loved it
You see, it is funny, because it is ironic, since, the vampire are part of the undead.
I'm so happy you are doing these Halloween covers again BDG, I still listen to the other songs often so this is wonderful.
I never really understood why people think vampires are sexy. DISCO vampires, on the other hand...  Also, as someone who can't sing falsetto without sounding like a broken kazoo I'm deeply impressed with Brian's range.
I'm going to be watching this again several times, but for now, I just had to go replay the mirror scene several times in a row. A masterpiece of visual effects! I love the flex of pulling the towel off the rack at the end. **chef's kiss**
BDG's Heebie-Biggies? Hell ye
Firstly, this is the horniest dancing I've ever seen Brian do. Secondly, fantastic editing on the mirrors!
To be honest, I'm surprised Weird Al didn't do this.
That beard tho
My ears are blessed today
Some parody songs like, yeah, I guess the lyrics fit but this... This SLAPS. Wtf. This works so well?!?!
I dont believe it has already been a year
If Bee Gees was alive today, I would find it suspicious vampire activity.
i love it
That bisexual lighting though
YES
omfg he doesnt show up in the mirror 😭
Yes
My 7 year old preferred this one over aaaaabba, but both were very well done on my opinion great job
he's back
Yo that mirror shot was the Bee Dee Gee's knees
Simply brilliant. I will never know the ability to wield such skill.
Oh dear sweet forgotten gods, thank you.
Gonna play this at my grandpas funeral
Your music saved me
Thank you
I hope next year he does Prince even though it's not technically disco. That falsetto deserves to caress "Kiss."
Perfection, also I didn't realise the edit on the mirror first time round wtf. Forgot people had reflections it was so good.
IT'S HAPPENING AGAIN!! WOO!!
Brian, you beautiful bastard.
Oh, no. He's hot.
Brian i owe you my life
KEVIN T PORTER SIGHTING???? You love to see it
Today i learned BDG should have played Morbius
🔥🔥🔥
YES, MORE!
Disco was murdered so technically this is zombie music.
BDG you are a blessing
I am so confused wondering whether Brian worked his ass off for many days on this one, or he was just listening to Staying Alive one day figured he may as well kill two birds with one stone.
Iconic
Why was Vamp BDG sad about Karen Pic?
By my troth hes done it AGAIN!!!!!
gold
kevin NO
beard D G is too powerful to be kept alive
Brian has always been a big source of gender envy for me, as a trans masc non-binary fella. But THIS?? This is the peak. I’ve never wanted to exude the same energy as someone more than I have here, and I’m terrified to see just how more powerful he will become
I don't think any money I've ever spent, has been as well spent as assisting in the existence of this video. And as a friend put it, "I was already a big fan of BDG, but I've never been more attracted to him than after this new vid"
this dropped on the same day as the Interview With The Vampire soundtrack so i consider this canon (it's modern day lestat)
How does this man keep getting sexier no matter what he wears
I can't even begin to describe how amazing this is. This is the true Halloween spirit.
I remember writing a spoof of this for school called Buried Alive.
Given that vampires fear mirrors and reflective surfaces I wouldn't expect them to be into disco.
I’m in shock how perfectly Brian’s voice fits this song and how good he sings it
SLAY BRIAN
It's Kevin?!!!
Brian with a beard while dressed as a vampire radiates a kind of energy I cannot describe yet find very intriguing.
Absolute perfection
I'm very happy that Brian learned how to use blender
The mirror was good and the towel in the mirror. Chefs kiss.
I was hoping for this and I am beyond happy. Now the spooky season has truly begun.
YES, ANOTHER ONE! There's so many possibilities with Bee Gees songs, I hope he doesn't just stick to their disco era. Assuming he's doing a full EP again.
More of this please.... Also, that last shot had some serious Desperado vibes.
I wish I had like 3% of Brian’s charisma. Any more would be too much.
Howdeedoodat with the mirror!?!?
The banshee and jiangshi line made me really happy for some reason.
:)
Bdg divorced vampire extroardinair
I think that BDG's getting stronger with every video. Story, music, everything is only getting better.
I'm really happy that he's decided to continue making music. Just, the talent seeping through, the story he writes through both the mild lyric rewrite AND and music video just really being a vibe
When a man isn't goth but is so goth adjacent that the venn diagram is quietly shifting into a circle
i’m a lesbian, but vampire bdg is making me feel something
I ABSOLUTELY WAS HOPING FOR THIS ❤❤❤ Fabulous as ever!
Absolutely incredible editing, my guy. This is so rad
Nice, but aaahbba is still the better one for me
I don't know what it is - the beard? the teeth? the disco suit? - but this look is really working for bdg
hell yeah!
AMAZING
What a goober
This is just stupid good. Please lease out the rights to the mines where you all extract your talents so the rest of us have a chance.
The absolute STRUT of this man. Impeccable, perfection, no notes. Wonderful.
BDG! GOD DAMNNNN!
This is like bo burnham again
Wish I can upvote more for working jiangshi into song lyrics lol
Can no say how happy i was to see this uploaded. I did not know how much i wanted an other album.
Honestly, Brian should guest star on what we do in the shadows as a funky little 70’s vampire.
i don't know why but bdg has transmasc swag in this video. i respect that. good.
I KNEW IT YES I LOVE IT
Liam Neesons knee son
jeez
That shot where you have no reflection and take down the towel is so good.
This man is an icon.
I love to think that this is the same vampire from aaah!bba but he's slowly becoming more modernised
Woah, you give Weird Al a run for his money with how good these parodies are!
the fx on this are giving "anything can happen on halloween"
As a big ABBA fan I was unsure how well a different band could be applied to the spooky theme. Yet here we are and its a bop
found my next dnd BBEG
Are you kidding me with the mirror gag??
Bold to release this the same day as Midnight lol
brian your eyes are very red you need to sleep with a humidifier i have the same problem
This might just be the best thing ever
Brian you beautiful beautiful man I aspire to your video essay genius and sheer musical talent
This is incredibly done.
Phenomenal
Gonna tell my kids this was the original
"You know you could just use a modern mirror. They don't have any silver." "But I gotta commit to the bit!"
motherfucker just slipped jiangshi into the song
My mom loves vampires and hates the bee gees so I must make her listen to this.   Also I lol'd at the thought of someone who subbed for the health insurance video seeing this in their subscription feed
when I say this has me hyped, I really really mean it
I want this played at my funeral
Fun fact, bdg's full name is Brian & David & Gilbert. Thats why we can see the talent of like 3 people here.
For whatever reason I keep forgetting this funny video game fella has some gotdamn pipes on him. Excellent job!
I've been talking about making a Universal Monster's Bee Gees cover band called the Hee Bee Bee Gees for many years now. I'm glad it was you who beat me to the punch
I unironically like this more than the original
Is there a reason why he didn't call it "Hee Bee Gee Bees"?
I'm actually sweating
Omg yeeeeeeeees, this is exactly what I needed today! Thank you Brian, another work of art 🙏
Hell to the yes
The beginning was glorious
You mad lad.
That major key outro was so good.
i feel like i watched this last year
BDG is leading the charge in bringing back 70's masculinity, but more overtly bisexual
Brian's just strutting like DIO about to fight Jotaro. Not sure if it's a vampire thing or a disco thing, or both
Significantly better than all other vampire-themed media ever conceived.
Great Halloween Classic.
Rocking that disgraced former youth pastor look
The Disco is great and all, love it. But how about a Dead man's party next halloween?
oh mein gott i vant him.....
ok but can we appreciate the mirror editing for a sec? that's some impressive stuff 👍
I don't know why I was recommended this but wow I'm happy that I did because this video is wonderful, you're great at dancing and singing, I really enjoyed this music video.
This gives me the Hee Bee Gee Bees
legendary. now i can listen to this on loop with the other album
Okay that beard is the hottest thing Brian has ever done
Another masterpiece, outstanding 👏👏👏👏
Fuck he started to look a lot like a Bee Gee towards the end
I want nothing but this forever oh my god
After I read the title, I thought there was no way the video could live up to it.  I'm genuinely thrilled to say I stand corrected.
So glad to see you doing what you love to do! Loved the music video.
Best thing to happen with me in october so far
why does he... look like that?
damn that falsetto belting was impressive as heck
Brian
Can't believe he actually killed several hundred people and consumed their blood to sink into this role, truly an amazing artist
Ladies and gentlemen, HE DOES IT AGAIN
thank you
Ah, the perfect birthday gift, thank you Brian :)
my sister was so convinced that there was no good Halloween music. between this and AAH!BBA I think i can prove her otherwise
This is giving morb
nice fangs, bro.
Vampire is a good look for you, Brian
'if you're low you ought to go hang with nosferatu' and 'whether you're a banshee or whether you're a jiangshi' are both BRILLIANT
1:42 Twilight hit me like a brick, perfect
legit using this and the Ahhhba covers for my college halloween party
I needed this today. 🖤
i was not ready for 40 year old brian
A vampire having an crisis over not having a reflection is hilarious
I just turned 16 today and This is the perfect present
This is gonna be stuck in my head all day and I am not mad.
this is maybe the best thing I've ever woken up to
I’ve been waiting for my song length confused-laughter-rapture since last Halloween, thanks bdg for sending me into the Halloween camp aether again
this brought me so much joy
HE'S BAAAACK!
If Lay All Your Blood On Me was Laszlo's song, this is Nandor's
bdg looks so much like christian borle here
Better love story than Twilight
Now the question is what else are we getting? Islands in the stream? How deep is your love? Night fever? We are 1000% getting night fever.
damn, man, you can dance - you, uhh, you free this friday?
The blood makes it look like he has a full beard, looking good.
What a wonderful start to my Friday
This video is a religious experience.
Please make a vampire saga. This is gold!
This is possibly the best thing ever? Omg?
objectively this is the ideal vampire look. i dont make the rules.
"Whether you're a banshee or a jiangshi"  Holy SHIT
No one is talking about the clean editing at 2:25, that is impressive
So like the original.  I cant hear the lyrics
This whole thing is amazing, brian as a vampire is amazing, but the bathroom scene where he doesn't have a reflection is super clever!
Just like the original, the lyrics are nearly impossible to understand. I honestly thought it was the same song until the twilight books line. 10/10
Jesus that intro goes so hard
HES BACK LADIES AND GENTLEMEN
Honestly, I think you got the wrong monster on this one. The swagger, the walk, actually staying alive, the inability to do all of the above, that just SCREAMS zombie to me. Or the Zom Bee Gees if you will.  Edit: ...Why wasn't the band called the Hee Bee Dee Gees?
The song is wonderful, and so is the editing on this video - the mirror-towel thing was so cool!
Honestly BDG could be the next Weird Al if he wanted to
This was so FUCKING FUNMKY AAAAAAAA
…………………………………….slaying alive
I love the young George Carlin costume!
Johnny Alucard out on the town
I just compulsively started doing CPR, this song is powerful
I don't know why but this is giving me Lost Boys energy but if it was set in the 70s
Alright, at this point I’m ready for a new song(s) at the middle of October every year, if he goes on long enough maybe he can cover every disco song in ever
I don´t know how but you look so damn hot with that beard ! Like every single beard or mustache you try out just creates a handsome aura.
if someone has goes into cardiac arrest at my halloween party I'm totally putting this on.
Truly, a song to perform CPR to.
I would pay so much money to watch a movie about a disco vampire starring BDG.
Posting this masterpiece at 6am is truly a BDG move
I have an irrational dislike for ABBA so this is so much better 😆
LES GOOOOOOOOO
This gave me the bee dee gee hee bee bee gees hee bee gee bees
Disco and horror work surprising well together lmao
nice
Finneas?
The mythology references suggest he's still scarred from trying to categorise every Castlevania monster.
I'm looking forward to the inevitable concert that BDG will put on one night a year.   It's only a matter of time. There's too much showmanship in that body for it not to happen.
The funny things is I came to the same revelation, back in 2018, Ihad to make a Halloween game for my game design class. In the game the final level was demon Bee Gees vs demon ABBA.
You really got me on the Jojo walk
oh no the major at the end lol
"Ha ha you're not stayin' alive" is what kept going through my head brilliant rendition!
BDG has an absolute choke hold over the horror disco genre. Good luck to anyone trying to break into the industry
I love this
this salvaged the entire month of october for me thank you for your work and karen han knocked it out of the park here also also that glittery black suit? incredible. what a look. superb.
this man explained health insurance to me
Today is my birthday... and I ain't gonna lie this is a fucking awesome surprise!!!
DAMN, THOSE FALSETTOS BRO
Beard rocking Brian is definitely the most handsome man in the whole state of Illinois
Was Brian a vampire this whole time and the human thing was just an act?
WOOOO!  We guessed correctly!
Scruffy is a good look for him!
I love you Mr. Gilbert. With all my heart.
S I R holy shit 😳👉👈
AAAHBBA was amazing. We weren't prepared for this though
Yes, more songs!
my birthday is tomorrow thank you for this gift brian :-)
praying this is a full EP
Weird Al felt a tremble in the force when this dropped. And a funky one at that.
This is incredibly powerful striding.
This better not awaken anything in me ...
What a time to be undead!
I did not expect this but BOY am i happy about it
You mad lad, how do you keep doing this hilarious stuff?  Rockin' it, dude.
You revamped the beat and made it even more of a dance groove than it already be!
He’s back and viler than ever!
You didn't have to rip that towel off that towel rack. But you did.
The hairography displayed in this four minute video will break the internet.
Brian's brand of comedy is so unique and ingenious. I'm just glad to be along for the ride
"Contact" has been unseated as having the best shot using a bathroom mirror! The towel was a really nice touch!
i love the education system not teaching cursive anymore; i could only read some of the intro
Excellent
My sister keeps joking that me that BDG are the same person. Too similar. Basically the YouTube version of me when I drink too much kombucha. This video— the pizazz. I am worried for my life. The similarities continue. This video now lives in my brain along with all the other thoughts of boogying vampires and my general preferences for spooky to get ooky. Anyway, great job. 8R14N/10 score in my books.
THIS IS SO GOOD
Bryan, this is your uncle Tyler, me and your aunts are so proud of you!
The fact he edited out the mirror reflection but you can still see the towel move 👁👄👁
This HAS to become a yearly tradition now
spent most of the video trying to figure out why he looked so different here hmm maybe perhaps it's the full beard that wasn't there in the insurance video sgdggkxkgzstj
Wait for it, wait for it, THERE IT IS, THERE IS THE EXESTENTIAL DREAD.
Was hoping for How Deep Is your Love but this works and even better than I anticipated
This was spooktacular and devilishly funny! Happy Halloween everyone!
Holy SHIT HE POPPED THE FUCK OFF HERE MY GOD
Well, this gave me an idea for a new Vampire: the Masquerade character.  Now, if only I had a group to play Vampire: the Masquerade with.
he weirdly looks healthier in this video
Here, let me explain American privatized Healthcare to you. *is already applying vampire makeup*
He’s got a point, he’s an icon, he’s a legend and he IS the moment.
I LOVE LAST YEARS ALBUM SO MUCH the why did you make me so biiiig is in my head all the time I am so hyped for this WAAAA
THIS HUMAN IS A GENIUS
i kept expecting there to be a The Count from Sesame Street joke during the "ah ah ah"s
Bdghbbg is the worst thing I've read all week
*Falsetto Belting*
he did it again
Possibly the greatest 4 minutes and 16 seconds of my life.
Bearded David Gilbert 👀👀
i lov u
i want his gender
why does vampire brian have werewolf vibes
How can Brian improve every single song he parodies?
He has returned once more  REJOICE
The early 90s animation is sending me…. XD
your Halloween takes are the best, iconic. only now I truly am in the spirit of October
It has begun
LOVE THIS!!
I refuse to believe he grew a beard just for this video. 😂
The lyrics, the editing, the falsetto—I laughed, I cried, it was better than Bats.
*falsetto belting*
Some people were excited today because of the new taylor swift album dropping, but this is what really kept me going this week
Absolute banger 🥰👌
this is an incredible remix. Hats off to Jonah Scott's music production!
I introduced my coworkers to Lay All Your Blood on Me yesterday; the kids in class immediately started dancing, much to the adults' confusion.  I can't wait to share this one!
How is this one man THIS fabulous? Does it not defy thermal dynamics, and conservation of energy?
Better than the original
the trick with the mirror was nicely done
He kinda looks like an undead disco Hozier
The AHHH!BBA album has been the only thing I’ve been listening to for the past month. I thought I knew perfection, but delightfully, I was mistaken. Now can we make this a yearly thing, Brian?
Brian this is beautiful thank you for your work
got damn that mirror bit 👌
A bearded BDG is magnificent
How can this man be so attractive in so many different ways with so many different looks
This has confirmed what I have suspected for a while now; BDG is a gay icon. I mean cmon, that stride says it all.
Fantastic job, you have hit your stride, confident and strong!
Today is a good day.
THE HEE BEE BEE GEES!!!!!!
YES I DIDNT THINK WED GET MORE
I was just listening to last year's stuff last night and thinking, "Man, when's he dropping the new stuff he hinted at?" and HERE IT IS YAYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!
Weirdly, I think Brian would have made a good Morbius for a Spider-Man comedy
I love how simple that mirror gag is!  Literally just a shot of the mirror with a clean plate of BDG matching up the performance, hiding offscreen and tugging the towel for the mirror shot So simple, but it works so well
the mad man's gon and done it again
Missed opportunity I think for its to be “Bee Dee Gee’s Hee Bee Jee Bees Bee Gees”
Happy Halloween!
I'm a gay girl but Brian's runway walk at the beginning makes me FEEL THINGS
Unfathomable that he is straight
Bee Dee Gee's Hee Bee Bee Gees has me goin' "Hee hee!" The tune's so groovy for a season most spooky!
Brian, Jonah, and Karen are the most powerful video-making trio in the world
AH AH AH AH screaming because a new BDG track just dropped
This is the dumbest concept and we're 100% here for it
but what is this was performed live at CBGB's
Great to see you having fun :) it brightened our day.
Thank God for BDG
More people must see this
Wtf you know Jonah Scott??
Thank you for this gift this wonderful morning
Morbius 2 is looking great
your beard is awful, truly the facial hair of a disillusioned vampire that has seen too many forms of burocracy hells in its too long of a life
Cool
Cool
And just as Vampire Survivors hit 1.0 too.
And when the world of Darkness needed him, Toreador BDG has returned with yet another breach of the Masquerade...
Nobody is talking about how threateningly sexy/sexily threatening that beard is.
love love love
honestly wasnt expecting this, but thats nothing new and im far from dissapointed. Rock on BDG, Rock on
This is so good, you're driving style off the charts and I can't wait for more
Every time Brian sings he surprises me with how darn good at it he is
Not alive, UN-alive 🧛‍♂️
IT'S TIME.  (great falsetto too very nice)
I wish I could pull off those outfits. BDG is WORKING IT.
Bee Dee Gee's ad-lib of *THEY'RE JUST SO GOOD!* at 1:45 really sends me for some reason
A little too much chaos for my morning but tonight this will be the mood
today is such a great day for music. this, midnights, carly rae
is this metaverse?
god this is so good
so when is brian getting a cameo in wwdits
This is to powerful
So this is why they delayed Bloodlines 2.  They needed this song.
Absolute best name you could have come up with. Great work good sir ✔
BDG X Bo Burnham?👀
2:41 he knew what he was doin w this shot is all im saying
BDG's melodic masterpiece keeps one upping each other and Im just happy to see it happen
You are the greatest YouTuber alive.
Until they started heavily talking about blood, I thought he was a werewolf because he was so hairy 😂
Amazing, really enjoyed this.
Truly one of the of our time!
brian never misses
My second favourite disco 80’s vampire cover artist.
The look was so good I was genuinely concerned for his health for a moment
I feel this is a 2015 video but at the same time is a thing that only could only be made  in 2022
im so glad brian got to release the cut episodes from when he was on WWDITS! he really brings his character back to life :)
THE TIME HAS COME, I AM SO EXCITED FOR THIS!
Top notch quality
this man cannot be stopped in any capacity
I have to say, I've never heard anyone use "Jiangshi" in a song before lol
You know I never really thought of you as hot? Attractive, sure, but hot? Well, thanks for changing that I guess
he's back, and we're not worthy of his talents
god i wish i could get sucked by a vampire 🌹
I cant wrap my head around even saying Bee Dee Gee's Hee Bee Bee Gees. now thats a tongue twister
1:19 this is literally me when i walk
YYEESSSSSS
This is keeping me alive
THE FALSETTO IS SO PERFECT HOLY SHIT
Came for Stayin' Alive, performed by a vampire. Stayed for Stayin' Alive, performed by a vampire.
If this doesn't win a VMA I'm revolting
started cry laughing at Bee Dee Gee's Hee Bee Bee Gees in the middle of the library
sorry, what was my sexuality again? i seem to be questioning it 🥵😩
Ok yes I love everything about this
That mirror shot was brilliant! I'm assuming you must have put a green sheet over the mirror for the vampire shot, and then recorded the same room with someone pulling the towel off the bar (who is off camera) for the mirror shot.
The speed of which I sent this to my sister
Should have been Slayin' a Life
This is giving me life. Or maybe... unlife?
Another masterpiece
This is going on the sex playlist
I knew, eventually, the BDG Character Randomizer would produce my true weakness. And friends, it appears Remorseful Disco Vampire Brian has punched my ticket
This guy has more entertaining angst about being a vampire than ANY of the characters in Twilight
Your spookiest video since you explained the American healthcare system
Not prepared for the double-screaming, but it elevates the song in ways simply screaming once every beat never could.
I don't know what's higher, my bi panic or my real panic.
The sequel we all neeeded
you crazy bastard you’ve done it again
You are magnificent. The Library of Congress needs to preserve this yt channel because mf it is culturally significant
Lost wifi connection before I played this and it defaulted to 240p, which I thought was a nice stylistic touch at first.
this is straight up better than the original in every way
FUUUUUUUUCK YEAH
This is better than it has any reason to be, but considering Ah!bba last year i shouldn't be surprised
I can't. This is so good. He outdid himself and I will be adding this to my morning playlist immediately
He's giving the fans what they want
Nice shoes.
oh god the transition from the crying to the first note was so smooth, it was insane
absolute jammer.
Bro you didn't have to do me like that
An absolute MASTERPIECE. This is the only version of the song I am willing to sing henceforth, what PERFECTION
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHMAZING
I was unaware that I wanted this.
YES! MORE MUSIC!!
I though I was Hetero before watching this video, but god dayum Brian, you looking so fine that I'm starting to doubt myself
Parodies are hard and bdg has it on lock
A gift to humanity (figuratively).
I'd argue that the vampire is staying dead, as vampires are undead, however, I can only tolerate this slipups as I can't imagine how'd make the parody work out without them stayin' alive ah ah ah stayin' alive.
What an unexpected treasure. Thanks, Brian
1:53  God damn it he hit the Shimmy. Now I have to go look at his other music videos to see if he threw in any of his dance moves to try at the club.
this is a work of art
yeeeeEEEESSSSS i will listen to this religiously
thank you so much brian i owe you everything
This was thoroughly enjoyable, and the captions helped it even more, and were much appreciated. Also, the scene with the mirror was well done. One minor point, though, was that you could just barely see the hand grabbing the towel.
I fear Brian is getting too powerful with each halloween rendition of popular songs. I mean, just look at that strut!
I love this so much, and that mirror scene is extremely impressive.
Wow what a way to start my morning
The pelvic movements are quite inspiring
That was a good video.
Perfection. I honk-laughed like a friggin goose when the name reveal happened. "It's alright it's ok it's alright it's ok ITS ALRIGHT ITS OK" got me too 😂
the nosferatu line slayed me in the edit stream and it's still SO good. and your voice is sounding incredible in this!!!!!! and the outfit!! SCARY GIBB ♥♥♥   big ups all around to everyone involved and thank you so much for another spooky disco jam!
The walk cycle on that 3d model is FRESH
simply the GOAT.
YESSSSSS  FINALLY   THE BEST THING OF HALLOWEEN
This is amazing
NOW it's is Halloween
The lack of reflection in the mirror while he sobs got me lmao
Oh man I just love good dedication to a bit, and that mirror CGI was just so blatantly extra 🤌 Impeccable quality once again
Halloween is saved ♡
I am so happy that BDG does Halloween songs. Once I heard the AAH!BBA stuff I got addicted
Is this just a thing with BDG around Halloween now?
Brian I'm quivering in my jammies
thank you
The true Morbius theme song
The way he didn't reflect in the mirror
The smile I had watching this entire video :D
this is incredible oh my god, absolute perfection
damn this could have been my halloween bop song.   welp. 2023's it is then
Is it hot in here… or is it just Vampire Brian’s walk?🥵
You realize that by doing this twice you've committed yourself to find a new band to cover every Halloween until you die?
Honestly Brian doesn't get enough credit as a singer.  Look at the range he's displaying here, it's incredible
Just outstanding
too good, too too good
This comment is to help this channel in the algorithm.
What happens in any Malkavian's head when they go out to eat after having very deep conversation with a TV
Accidentally, without realising, I watched it on 1.5 speed and was like yeah, okay, Brian would make this kind of content.
1:55 I SIMPLY CANT GET ENOUGH OF THESE Ah (Ah!) ha (OH!) ha (EUHH!) ha (AUGH!) and Ah (AAH!) ha (ERGH!) ha (WHAA!) ha (EUAH!) they are simply amazing
you put hee bee bee gees instead of hee bee gee bees in the title
I love this. I had AHHH!BBA on repeat last year for a good few days and this is a great addition to the family of Halloween covers. That walk is immensely powerful
i fainted
BDG’s ability to look like a different person in every video proves that Brian David and Gilbert are all separate entities.
Nice beard
i was really hoping you'd make more of these parodies :D tysm really makes my day
Most days I wake up and know it's not gonna be a good day, this is not one of those days.
Fantastic
Awesome sequel!
That mirror scene had me laughing. Good shit, man.
It did age well
YES
Just sayin' I called the name Hee Bee Bee Gee's on the announcement post almost a week ago.
Please never change
Brian can bite me this is fine
Go on king
Oh god here we go again
hell yeah. I love everything about this!
I really love how deeply he gets into the things he does. And they’re always amazing.
I need this as an album so I can blast it in my car.
Thank you bee dee gee for giving me such esteemed hee bee bee gees
cool beard
Yes!
this song is giving me the Hee Bee Jee Bees
Disco vampire-.. Mmmm... this opens up opertunties
What a fantastic title
Brian's out done himself
most powerful walk ive ever seen
Vampire Barry Gibbs Brian is such a look. Hot damn.
God bdg is so attractive in this it's unfair
The continuation of the last years halloween songs we did know we needed but weren't sure we deserved.
This is the first thing that has made October feel like October all month, thanks Brian!
BDG dancing with presumably stolen blood bags is a nice follow-up to the health insurance video.
I legit thought this was Pat in the thumbnail.
Watching in 360p for the authentic experience
This is exquisite. I am in love. Can't wait for more. <3
His vocals are legit incredibly impressive, this man is a force of pure creative chaos
The bathroom is honestly such an impressive scene, I love it
pros: managed to fit "nosferatu" in a lyric, visual effects and bee gees style impersonation are literally perfect, ending had some very good vibes right there cons: didn't say "ah ah ah ah" like the count from sesame street
Absolutely amazing bdghbgb
I needed this
i lack the words to express how happy these make me
the sequel to AHHHBBA i've been hoping for!!! 😩😩😩 this is amzing
hey did you notice how in that one parallax shot the trees move slower than in the rest of the parallax shots-  i'm just messing. really well done and happy to see our vampire friend on the rebound! he's doing fine :)
i can't explain the joy this gives me... unmatched
Disco songs by horror characters was not the yearly tradition I expected, but the one I got, and I won't complain
Also please add this to Spotify so I can add it to my Halloween party playlist 🦇🎃💀
this is amazing
WHY IS IT MIXED AND MASTERED SO WELL JESUS CHRIST BRIAN LEAVE SOME SLAY FOR THE REST OF US
there’s so many amazing references jammed into this song, every lyric is genius. i had to watch a few times so i could try to catch them all
The production value on this is incredible!
The absolute POWER of BDG's walk
Hell yes
The cheer when I saw this in my feed I've watched this 5 times now I cannot wait for more
Disco has never died. It was just waiting for a good feeding.
this man is unreasonably attractive
Great as always lol
HE'S BAAAAAAACK!!!
new halloween banger
Omg, words cannot describe how much I love this. You have enough songs under your belt to do a concert tour. Please do that and come to the UK.
I've been convinced that this is the real song
Thank you for making another Halloween season funky, Bee Dee Gee.
yeah sure I'll watch that
I love how he just kills someone for dancing better than him! 😂
This is my favorite scene from Morbius
Here we go again! Another set of songs to add to a yearly tradition
Good to see Hozier branching out into disco
Omg😊😊
Put on my headset to listen to some music, then the notification hit. Glad I had it on to enjoy this banger
This is amazing. AMAZING!! 👏🏼 👏🏼 👏🏼 The shot angles, the costumes and makeup, omg. Nailed it, 100%!!!
The way in which I gasped because I was JUST thinking about how this was going to come out any day now
The sex appeal is PALPABLE
ngl this scared the life-shit outta me
this popped into my recommended vids after i watched an MCR vine so bravo bee dee gee
let's fkn go
YES
Bee Dee Gee's Hee Bee Bee Gees is my new favorite band
HELL YEAH MY FAVORITE TIME OF YEAR
We need a JoJo/Dio/BdG crossover meme. That was has some approach power. It was me! BDG!
omg bdg yes
Listening to this while walking in nyc is a mood, i felt like a protagonist
Oh my god I'm so excited for this thank you bee dee gee
Can't wait to see Daniel Radcliff play BDG in his biopic
Ooo nice. now do Blade?
This is a very very good look.
Vampire Brian can suck di-   blood anytime
Just wonderful
I'm sorry but the vampire makeup makes you look like the nostalgia critic
I wouldn't dare to dream we will get new halloween cover this year and yet we were blessed!! <3
bdg's making the most of that vocal range i see. absolute fucking banger cover
Ahhhhhmazing.
Lyrics?
The Mirror scene was perfect.
Is this bdg's attempt at a thirst trap?
Bee Dee Gee's Hee Bee Bee Gees is so funny oh my lord
I'VE NEVER FELT MORE ALIVE
what a nice halloween treat
Ok, to recap: Brian David Gilbert for  Luigi Guybrush Threepwood What We Do in the Shadows
I have never come that fast
YES YES YES
"Oh."
Hellllllllll yeah, spooky tunes
if someone danced better than me i would eat them aswell
ah i see so this year it'll be a good halloween
BDG and Jonah you have made yet another Halloween into a Happyween
This was so funny but also those high notes??? 😳
The best time of year begins!
Fantastic!  Hope this stats an annual thing
My absolute fucking delight at getting this notification 🙏
this is incredible
*Lyrics:*  Well, you can tell by the way I use my walk I'm a thirsty man, no time to talk Music loud, and blood so warm, I've been kicked around Since I was born And now it's alright, it's okay And you may look the other way We can try to understand The Vampire bite's effect on man  Whether you're a zombie or whether you're a mummy You're stayin' alive, stayin' alive When the blood is drippin' then everybody sippin' And we're stayin' alive, stayin' alive Ah, ha, ha, ha, stayin' alive, stayin' alive Ah, ha, ha, ha, stayin' alive Oh, when you walk  Well now, I get O and AB+ And if I can't get either, I make a fuss Got the wings of Hell right on my shoes I'm a dancin' man and I just can't lose You know it's alright, it's okay I'll live to see another day We can try to understand The Twilight books' effect on man (THEY’RE JUST SO GOOD!)  If you’re low, you ought to go hang with Nosferatu and You're stayin' alive, stayin' alive When the blood is drippin' then everybody sippin' And we're stayin' alive, stayin' alive Ah (AH!) ha (OH!) ha (EUHH!) ha (AUGH!) stayin' alive, stayin' alive Ah (AAH!) ha (ERGH!) ha (WHAA!) ha (EUAH!) stayin' alive!  Life goin' nowhere, somebody help me Somebody help me, yeah  Life goin' nowhere, somebody help me, somebody help me yeah... (I'm stayin' alive!)  * breakdown *  Come on!! I'm a dancing man! Oooh! Ah! You know it’s alright, and it’s okay, And it’s alright, and it’s okay, And it’s alRIGht, and IT’s OKAY, AND IT’S ALRIGHT, AND IT’S OKAAAAAAAY!  Whether you're a banshee or whether you're a jiangshi You're stayin' alive, stayin' alive When the blood is drippin' then everybody sippin' And we're stayin' alive, stayin' alive Ah, ha, ha, ha, stayin' alive, stayin' alive Ah, ha, ha, ha, stayin' aliiiiiiive!  Life goin' nowhere, somebody help me, Somebody help me, yeah Life goin' nowhere, somebody help me Somebody help me, yeah (I'm stayin' aliiiiive!)  Whether you're a zombie or whether you're a mummy you're stayin' alive, stayin' alive When the blood is drippin' and everybody sippin' and we're stayin' alive stayin' alive Ah, ha, ha, ha, stayin' alive, stayin alive Ah, ha, ha, ha, stayin' alive, stayin alive
more excited about this than about any album drop ever
I watched this in 240p, as god intended
I am so happy this continues.
bee dee gee :)
I need this to be on Spotify so it can go in a million playlists
Yes
Beard... there is a beard on the man. I like
I'd love for this to become a yearly tradition
Bearded Brian is a look and I'm here for it
Barry David Gibbs
You knocked this one so far out of the park i swear you could turn into a bat
ABSOLUTE BOP ABSOLUTE BANGER
THE MADLAD DID IT AGAIN
THE LORE, THE HEELS, THE LYRICS!!!!!!
Ok but the rhyme of "Banshee" with "Jiangshi" might be my new favourite rhyme ever.
This song was so good it woke me up from my 100 year slumber, one of the best bloodsucking songs ever conceived
Yet another halloween banger.
It’s good to see that the Altogether has been up to something lately
INCREDIBLE
Oh no! Swanky fits, cool eye makeup and disco! My bi ass is losing its mind. Plus it’s really good which is a plus haha
Now this is why I fork over £8.50 every month.
Lbr BDG is slaying in this with the catwalk
its finally that time of the year :D
gonna be singing this version if I ever have to do cpr from now on
All of these disco parodies have been absolutely fantastic. Keep up the good work!
Beautiful
Bee Dee Gee's Hee Bee Bee Gees is going to bounce around my brain like a dvd logo i know it
Um I assume the chain he's wearing isn't silver.... because vampires and silver.... well you know....  Amazing video and cover tho
BRIAN this is ILLEGAL! The songs too catchy!!!
well this is going on the halloween playlist
And here I thought no strut could top the Peaky Blinders walk
This is the greatest title for anything next to Tokyo Mew Mew New
I'd kill for a whole album
THE MIRROR SHOT
YESSSSSSS [cries tears of sheer triumph]
Bee Dee Gee formerly known as BDG
This vampire has such a different vibe from last time,  like a 2000s dudebro style with a gay mans pizza with the makeup and song.
it's morbin time
Play 👏 That 👏 Funky 👏 Music 👏 White👏Boy👏
This was so awesome, I especially loved the bathroom scene, that was really well done!
YES! YES! YES!
I've no words to describe how much I love this man
i only realised 3 minutes in that he had a beard
This is the Halloween jam I needed. Only thing better is that LOOK
Brian David Gilbert is continuing to create the only vibe worth indulging in
Man, this really makes me want to go hang with Nosferatu
I am *THOROUGHLY* entertained
He just looks like an e-boy, this is so funny
BABE WAKE UP NEW BDG SONG
STAYIN ALIVE THIS HAS ME ABSOLUTELY LIVING
ive been away from youtube for a while which means that i saw the announcement of this like. five minutes ago. 100% recommend doing that, i went from excitement to surprise to excitement speedrun mode, NO waiting necessary. the glory of being late to things rises victorious yet again
Quickest notification click of my life
i don't mean to pun but these vocals are KILLER
102!
BDG is the gift that keeps on giving.
thanks for the new song cover that will be living rent free in my head for at least 6 months!
So good!
Wow
This and the OSP special compete in my brain for “favorite part of spooky season”
Extraordinary as ever!
looks kinda like pat?? but like, if he read all the halo novels
I’m convinced that Brian could make it as a full-time parody artist.
The raw energy Brian exudes from his walk is simply astounding
There is nothing ironic about this cover or how hot I find 70s Brian.
Why is he like this? And why is it so good?
Can’t wait to add this to my list of songs that I don’t know the lyrics to but have the vampire version memorized
Pure decadent aesthetic PERFECTION
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOO
This is why I subbed to the Bee Dee Gee, one day I'm learning about obscure videogame stuffs, the next I'm learning about the predatory healthcare system of the US, and the next day I'm getting a spooky parody of the Bee Gee's Stayin' Alive.
Finally! This sounds awesome!
*IT HAS RETURNED, THE MOST AWAITED SEQUEL TO THE HORROR ALBUM*
Scarily good
I'm so glad there's more spooktastic music. This is a jam haha
can we make Halloween happen every month so that we get bdg's covers once a month
oh hell ya boys, were doing this again
Very impressed on the editing with the mirror 👍
AT SIX O CLOCK IN THE MORNING??
the absolute overload of schizo content in the last 30 minutes makes my brain hurt. thanks brian and sseth
the last album legitimately got me into abba/disco and i can already tell i’m gonna be listening to this on repeat  update: it’s a year later and I Was Correct
Can't wait till 2023 when BDG exposes Earth Wind And Fire for being Halloween icons.
This is amazing. Also it took me so long to read that album name
The natural progression!
My Shadow Prince has returned.
Phenomenal strut
The most beautiful Halloween music
This is sure going on my "weird covers, mashups and parodies" party playlist
YEAH BABY!!!
the mirror got me 😂
I was expecting Bee Gees but was hoping for Earth Wind and Fire, maybe in the future  Also, BIG Toreador energy off the video
This officially marks the start of spookems season
never been more attracted to someone than right now
Honestly perplexed by Brian's chameleonic ability to own any look
I’m barely Stayin’ Alive but this song helps
ngl I was expecting Boney M but this is far better than what I was thinking
Aaaaa music!!!
The scariest thing is him not having a face smooth as a babies bottom
Brian David Gilbert’s Vampire: The Discotheque
THE SEQUEL ALBUM GENRE I NEVER KNEW I NEEDED
AAAH!BBA ROUND 2
This awakened something in me. Something even more evil…unspeakable.
This has made my day 100000x better
Significantly better than all other vampire-themed media ever conceived.
YESSSSSS
What an Amazing Spook tober
THIS IS THE EARLIEST I WILL EVER BE AND I COULD NOT FEEL MORE PROUD THAT ITS THIS VIDEO
Factual banger
new season of what we do in the shadows looks great
Halloween anthem of the year
This is my favorite Halloween tradition
now this is the Halloween music I can jam too
The production value has only gone up since Aaahhhh!BBA
Brian's walk is immensly powerful. It scares me with how much power it exudes simply by striding.
This needs to be the new theme song for What We Do In The Shadows, the vibes are impeccable.
what the fuck lol
I’m just realised I’ve never seen BDG with a beard
I love this man
e
Going in the Halloween playlist
sharp crisp, and suckin' blood! my favourite variety of brian/david/gilbert
Bee Dee Gee's Hee Bee Bee Gees is possibly the best title I've ever heard. It's great on so many levels
Inmediately added to my spooky party playlist
oooooh this is getting played first thing after work
YES THERE’S MORE!!!! WOOOOOOOO
Sad times require fun solutions
cool
No disco group will be safe until BDG unearths all their occult misdeeds
oh my god Brian thank you for this, last years was so good and I still listen to lay all your blood on me on the regular
It's the most wonderful time of the year!
and just when i thought that nothing could top the abba covers, brian manages to shatter my expectations yet again
Finally! Now I can get spooky in style.
I’ve been waiting a year for this, and you never disappoint
BRIAN
Here for anything BDG posts.
Masterpiece.
wow
God, I am so fucking jazzed for this
It’s here IT’S HERE
Lets gooo
Heck yeah
And so it begins
Nice
Thank you?
THE VAMPIRE KING IS BACK
YESYESYES
yooooo
LET'S GOOOOOO
Les goo
YESSS I KNEW IT WOULD BE THE BEE GEES!
YES, YES!
I CANNOT TRLL YOU HOW LONG IVE WAITED
AAA LETS GOOOO
First! (or second(or whatever))
EPIC
The best cover
Yo
❤
