Praying for u ! Ur partner is so amazing to be rite by ur side ! ❤
JESUS heals
I'm so happy that you are sharing this. I have been diagnosed with ovarian. Cancer, they are gonna go in and do a hysterectomy. Pull the ovary out. Double-check to make sure everything is what they think. It is and what stage it is. Hopefully it's in the early stages, but I am very fearful of chemo, not so much. The surgery on 54 and I'm worried about scaring my grandkids. I have a 3 grandchildren, and I'm very lucky. I have, oh, I'm sorry before grandchildren. Just had a new baby and my oldest is his nanny chef. Hello, and I don't want to scare him. I don't want him to think something's gonna happen to me at he's gonna be freaked out. I already deal with pain my immun. Pain management, so that's the other worry. How much more pain am I gonna be in? So I am afraid, very afraid. But I started following you or subscribed, and i'm at watch as much as you share, I know.This is a few years ago, but it's helpful
There is more to getting cancer (and healing from it) than luck, but luck does play a part.  We can't be fully aware of everything we're being exposed to.  That said, I have cancer right now, and the guide offered (at no cost) from Dr. Pete Sulak is helping me.  My choice is to have no more obvious carbs (bread, rice, pasta, potatoes), and no more dairy products.  I am supplementing and using red light therapy.  I learn about the pathology and my stage next Thursday.  I look 10 years younger than the day of my diagnosis....  so I'm wishing that I had done this when I didn't have cancer.
@fairfieldrealty8081 27 seconds ago Black magic is associated with causing cancer, blood cancer, heart attack, liver failure, kidney failure, reproductive problems, serious physical and mental health problems. There are other factors associated with these diseases. Black magic is the cause of many unknown diseases. There are thousands or more types of black magic in the world, everything will be updated later
I remember watching this, I had just found out I had precancer in my ovary and you helped me so much. Now just found out I have breast cancer, rewatching you for your strength and positivity. I start chemo on the 28th, I don’t feel ready 😬
Few weeks ago i find your channel and i watched your new videos...later i wanted to see all this journey from begining and i see now these videos. And im so happy how you made all of this. Amazing strong woman 💚
Cancer scares me so fcking much I hope you recover nobody deserves this demon attacking this them
I am 34 years old, and felt the same I look after my self, it’s so confusing and angering to still get breast cancer. Stay strong and I wish you all the best , I am currently doing chemo. X
Your wife was drinking AG VITAMINS, HOW SHE GOT CANCER?
Hi, how are you doing? Prayers for you going way.💕🦋🌻🙏
I just had my first infusion today and am beginning to feel hot & tingly so of course I came looking for videos.
This video was such a gift before I start my own journey with TCHP for 6 rounds. Thank you both so much for allowing us to peak into such an intimate and personal situation for the benefit of taking away some of the anxiety for us. I'm in such a similar situation - the healthiest I've ever been and so organically conscious and just dx with Triple Pos stage 2b breast and lymph. I'm sending a ton of love your way. Also, what a beautiful place you call home <3
I am a fellow Ontario rural north eastern Ontario. I have to travel to Sudbury six hour drive to see the oncologist. I am waiting on there call my next step. Thank you for sharing I have been looking for someone in Canada. I never got the stage of cancer. My general surgeon said that they don’t test for stages anymore. I am guessing since they wanted further testing they took a piece of your limpnoid for the stage of cancer. Sorry spelling sucks. I had a needle go in my take three samples of my lumps. Thank you and thank for sharing much love 🫶🏼
Faire France.  CTh.  ❤❤❤ATAT ❤❤
👩‍🎤👨‍💼👠👗💖💍💍🐕🐕🗄🎼
CTh.  ATAT LA.  ❤❤
🇺🇲🇪🇺👍💍💍💖💖💖👗👗👠👨‍💼👩‍🎤💋🎼🎼🎼🗄🗄🗄
Can We can snack on peanut while undergoing chemotherapy ?  That will help me.   If , Yes ❤
Your love for each other is amazing!!!❤❤❤ love you Bec!!
I was just diagnosed 2 weeks ago. Starting chemo soon. I needed to see this.
Haha u have cancer sucks to be u poor baby muffin 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I am waiting to get a biopsy band it’s been over 14 days I’m having so much anxiety. I have also been feeling pain in my armpit area I’m pretty sure it’s my lymph nodes. Did you have lymph node pain? I don’t hear anything about people with lymph node pain
I have ovarian cancer stage 3 but I'm refusing  chemo
lord right now i majorly lift up Beck depicted in this video and all according to your perfect will I just ask in Jesus Name that you would just totally rebuke curse and cast out this evil spirit of Cancer in the name of the father son and holy spirit and according to your perfect will please deliver us an awesome cancer free report lord that’s my prayer and that’s my hope!!!!!! oh God even now despite the circumstances still i know your hand is on this sister and you will see her throughout thick and thin also right now i just ask that you please just wrap your warm and comforting arms around this sister and no matter what might transpire may unimaginable perfect rest peace grace mercy satisfaction and comfort be totally multiplied and poured out on her to much help her pull through this ordeal and by all means please help her faith to grow stronger each and everyday and help her not to in any way get discouraged but to totally trust your will and lean on the everlasting arms of Jesus each and everyday to the fullest extent and i still believe you’re the God of miracles and the impossible so finally my major prayer is that you please break the unbreakable move the immovable and from the impossible we’ll see a miracle God we believe for it in the name of the father son and holy spirit lord that’s my prayer and that’s my hope amen!!!!!
I am grateful to say that I am a born again Christian and have been since I was 19.......the reason I believe we have diseases of all sorts such as cancer leukemia autism terminal illness  heart disease is because we are still living in a fallen world under the curse of sin until God one day gloriously removes it! In 2 Corinthians 12:9 Paul pleaded with the lord to remove the thorn from his flesh however the lord turned down his request and said “My grace is sufficient for thee! My power is perfected in your weakness!” We can rest assure that God is always with us and if we just lean and rely on him he is always with us, and will never leave nor forsake us! Praise Be to God! He is omnipresent at all times and even though we may experience more than we can handle, he will never put more on us than only he himself can handle! However folks if you don’t know Christ as your savior then it burdens my soul to think that you are headed for a terrible place called Hell where the Bible says the fire is never quenched and the worm dies not! the truth is we are all in a terminal illness state and no one is promised tomorrow! If you want to know how to be saved from this horrible reality then please by all means don’t hesitate to comment right back so I can lead you to the savior! 2 Corinthians 6:2 clearly states “now is the time of God’s favor, now is the day of salvation!” And Hebrews 3:15 clearly states, “Today if you hear his voice don’t harden your heartsIt is not me but the Holy Spirit that I pray reveals to you the truth of his precious gospel......John 3:16 says for God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whoever believes on him will not perish but have everlasting life! V 17 says then V 18 says whoever believes on the son is not condemned but whoever does not believe on the son is condemned already because he has not believed on the son whom God has sent! Also Acts 16:30-31 what must I do to be saved? And they said, Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved, and thy house I am not threatening anyone but just warning them what will happen if they reject this precious gift of eternal life! Christ died a horrible criminals death! He was beaten brutally mocked spit upon and endured countless hours of torture pain for all of our sins! Ppl go to hell because they reject that pardon for their sins! And Jesus is saying to them in Matthew 25:41 depart from me you cursed into everlasting fire prepared for the devil and his angels! Hell was only prepared for Satan and his angels! It is not God who threatens anyone it is the craziness of rejecting the free pardon of salvation! It’s like if you’re in court you’ve committed a crime say you murdered someone! Now if you say to that Judge hey I know I’ve done a terrible thing of murdering that person but I hear you’re a good judge and so I know you’ll be fair to me...... the judge is going to reply well yes you’re right about one thing I am a good judge and because I’m a good judge I’m going to see to it that you’re punished and that justice is served! Well then all of a sudden someone you don’t even know comes forward and says you know what I know he’s committed the crime he’s committed and he deserves to go to jail  but I really don’t want to see him go to prison so I’ll just go to prison for him so he can go free! So if you accepted that offer you’d be free to leave the courtroom but if you didn’t well you’d be crazy and go to prison yourself! Well that’s exactly how it was 2,000 years ago! He is God in human flesh and he came to this earth lived a perfect sinless life and even though he knew that we had sinned and because of our sins deserved to die miserably but he said no I don’t want to see them suffer so I will go and take their punishment for them! Even though he did absolutely nothing wrong still he chose to take the punishment for our sins so we can be set free from the power bondages and consequences of our disobedience to God! Romans 5:8 says For God commends his love toward us that while we were yet sinners Christ died for us! 1 John 2:2 says he was made to be the propitiation for our sins! And not just for our sins but the sins of the whole world! 2 Corinthians 5:21 He who knew no sin became Sin for us that we would be made his righteousness! The truth is if you had to get to Heaven by your own effort then you cannot do it! Because Romans 3:10 says there is not one that does good! No Not One! Romans 3:23 says For all have sinned and fallen short of the glory of God! Romans 6:23 says For the wages of sin is death! But the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our lord! But the good news is Romans 10:9 If we confess with our mouth and believes in our hearts that Christ died for our sins then was raised from the dead we will be saved! V 10 For it’s with the heart we believe and it’s with the mouth confession is made unto salvation! God gave us 10 commandments to follow and we’ve broken every one of them! And because God is a good God he cannot allow our disobedience to him to go unpunished! Well then like I just mentioned above his son Jesus stepped forward and said no I don’t want to see them punished so I will take their punishment for them! And also like I said he died a terrible substitute criminal’s death for us on a cross so now all we have to do is accept that payment for our sins and we can escape the terrible wrath of God that is to fall on them who do not accept this atonement that was sacrificed for our sins! Praise the lord Romans 10:13 says Whoever calls on the name of the lord shall be saved! And 1 Peter 1:4 you’re an inheritance incorruptible, and undefiled, and that fadeth not away, reserved in heaven for you! Christ clearly said in John 14:6 I am the way the truth and the life and no one comes to the father but through me! Acts 4:12 clearly states that there is no other name given unto Heaven or earth by which we must be saved as there is salvation in no other!  Jesus clearly states that there is clearly only one way to Salvation and it’s him that’s it! There is no other way! God Bless everyone who reads!
Thank you both so much for sharing your jerney. It has helped us both so much to under stand.what will happen.. My wife, 57, has just been told she has breast cancer . God bless you both x Mike south Wales uk
https://youtu.be/8rOXNQ2Ms60?si=DwS4n3EjLzge0dg0 my day of chemo
You look like the protagonist of A Walk to Remember!
You are amazing, you are so strong but it is okay to cry. I’m about to go through this as I’ve just been diagnosed with throat cancer. I hope I can be as strong as as you!
I am sorry you guys are going through this I am 25yrs old with breast cancer and it has completely turned my life on its axis. I just finished my 4th round of chemo and it is rough on the body but I started a YouTube channel and I’m realizing that sharing my story with other is helping me to cope with all of these changes in my life! My prayers to you and thank you for sharing your journey with us ❤
'None disease is genetic'Dr. John Bergman
What a powerful video. Such hope you give others going through the same. Amazing.
Thank you for sharing your journey❤ Good morning, my daughter was recently diagnosed with stage two breast cancer. She’s 25 and begin her treatment this week. Click to follow her story.
When you are diagnosed with cancer your life changes. The old self is gone. The way things used to be is no longer relevant.  Live one day at a time. Look for beauty in the most simple things.  Chemo can be a terrible experience. Your body will tell you to rest. Follow your body’s signals. Chemo may not cure cancer but it will keep you alive.  Best wishes. I was diagnosed with cancer about a year ago.
How are u first, I want to say is God bless I pray that Jesus watches over you and answers our prayers and walks you through and a full coverage of healing 🙏🙏🧎🏼‍♀️
Eamon, microwaves do not cause cancer.  TV's don't cause cancer and mobile phones don't either. So don't say they do!!!
Thank you thank you! for sharing this video. I will start my first cycle of chemo four days from now.  It definitely decreases my anxiety. We are lucky to have our love ones around during these tough times. Praise GOD the greatest physician and healer.❤
V v v v br vvqTTf v  F.   V f g. F vv  Vbvvqq vv ggv1vqaa2a1❤
I'm from Vietnam and I'm in the process of fighting breast cancer, the cost is really expensive
I lost my best friend of 35 years to breast cancer last year 😢
In your face dog, so annoying. Girl you needed peace and quiet.
Hold on tight. I was diagnosed last year. I just had my chemo treatment last week and I slept for 13 hours straight, and the following day I got so sick. I have 4 more sessions to do and my next one is at the end of this month. My thoughts and prayers are with you. You got this. Let's beat cancer.
Chemo is the hardest thing! For me it was. Hellish!
It's ten years allmost from mine.
Dont ever think there was something you could have done to avoid this.  You are healthy and that will get you through this.  You will heal because you took care of your body.  Sending positive thoughts to you both
I love it when you say “I’m just going to find something small to be grateful for today”. You are so positive 😊💕💐
Ny tenant is at this point right now.  Just finished week 1 of her chemo.
Im scared too. Idk if can do this. On my first week. I feel like I'm dying 😢
My daughter has stage five cancer and is always struggling
You guys live in the most amazing place and it’s good you can walk even though you don’t always feel your best u got this girl go get it
🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾 breastie praying for healing. ImCurrently in treatment too. Thanks for the info
Its noticeable that the chemo rapidly kills the patient
Just sharing some news and info, if you guys know the youtuber Jenny Apple,Sue on Mike Sloan's channel, Technoblade, they also battled cancer and won. Sadly, i hear they passed away💔 cancer sucks, fuck cancer. May they and all of the beautiful souls lost to cancer Rest in Peace and may God be with her and all of their families, friends and loved ones✝️🙏🤍
www.digital.library.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metadc4387/m2/1/high_res_d/dissertation.pdf
Yes it's the food we eat but it's also the air we breath . Stay strong you will be alright.
Here’s what I have found in life to be true. It doesn’t matter how much you meditate and go to therapy and read, until you can put all of that knowledge into practice through the shit storms and come out on the other side it really is just information.  The true peace in life living in the moment is found during and after your most trying times.
Thank you for having shared this. This is going to mean so much to so many people.
This was informative to watch and same time sad and unfair to see young lovely lively people having to fight to this devil and really hope this goes well. So I will be going into radiation every day and chemo 2 times a week for 3-5 months i think botn on same time. Starting the rumble after1-2 weeks. Just got diagnosed 1 month ago with quite big tongue root cancer, got that news for X mas and my birthday present 25.desember birthday present.  I can see on this video that support after the chemo is important thing but don’t have that and frankly that worries me to be sick like this some without help from outside so will have to work solution on that.  Thanks a lot for this informations and best of luck for you all.
Wow you were lucky only 8 rounds I’m having 16
It’s highly suspected that I have breast cancer. I’m 27 and so scared. Thank you for sharing your journey. It’s really helping to know what I could be expecting.
May you continue to touch the lives of many, bringing healing and hope to those who need it most. You are a true hero in the medical field, and I feel truly blessed to have had the opportunity to be your patient. My Chemotherapy is completely gone 😊 Dr Ogie on YouTube 0:04 💥💥🌠
May you continue to touch the lives of many, bringing healing and hope to those who need it most. You are a true hero in the medical field, and I feel truly blessed to have had the opportunity to be your patient. My Chemotherapy is completely gone 😊 Dr Ogie on YouTube 0:04 💥💥🌠
I appreciate and respect that you are going through breast cancer treatment, however, so are millions of others who choose not to dramatically publicise the event.  Quite honestly, you make me angry, you make it all about you, and oh dear, what you are going through.  Many, many women have been through what you are going through and don't make a big song and dance about it, they mostly keep it to themselves, just between family and friends, you however wish to broadcast it to the world, why?  I have cancer, let's make money out of it, why?  I have had breast cancer too but I never felt compelled to share it with the world. Why would you do that, are you a narcissist, attention seeking person, or just in it for the money on YouTube.  You give no indication to other sufferers about how it feels.  Just stop concentrating on YOURSELF for 5 minutes and look at videos, real videos, not grabbing attention videos that you like, but real videos of people who suffer/suffered.  Your type on YouTube should not be allowed to give content.
Can i ask what drinks you have that green color juice that serve your prtner? Im sorry you share healthy lifestyle you have
If I ever get cancer I’ll do anything but chemo or radiation. Dewormers, starve cancer diets, etc etc.
My close friend was just diagnosed and this video so so uplifted me. 🙏🏽❤️ Prayers to you guys you are very strong individuals and thanks for sharing with the world, you uplift so many who’s also fighting and fighting with they’re family & friends with healing ❤️‍🩹.
Did you take the Covid Vaccine?  So many people I know are getting Turbo Cancer from the vaccine.
🩷🩷🩷🩷
I was diagnosed with stage 2 invasive ductal carcinoma in the right breast 10/8/19 and started chemo 11/11/19 with last treatment 3/2/20. I had good days and bad days and having a positive attitude and a great sense of humor got me through it, also having friends and family support me as well. Ended up with a partial mastectomy as the chemo killed the cancer and after healing up from surgery done 4/1/20, I had 5 weeks of radiation that made me tired and getting a rash. As of July 2 of this year, I've been in remission and feeling better.  Still get a little tired at times, but I don't let it bother me, after all I am nearly 66 years old!
Hi mam l am from lndia
I was diagnosed with grade 2 breast cancer 7 weeks after my husband died. I have to go through surgery and treatment alone, as my family are too far away to help. I'm sure I'm not the only person to face this nightmare alone. God bless you for sharing your journey ❤
I'm watching this in October 2023. If only you knew then that now your 6 months pregnant.
🎗️💗
I'm watching my 1st video, which is YOU 😊  I found out last week I have breast cancer. My appointment with oncologist and surgeon is in a few days. Thank you for sharing your amazing journey that really helped me be prepared and know what to expect. I'm scared but I know too I will be okay. Each day I will think of something small to appreciate. Thank you and bless you!❤😊
AG1 has been a huge game changer for cancer patients (And for non cancer patients!)
I just lost my best friend of 35 years to metastatic breast cancer. I miss her so much 😢
What is the song that plays in this video?!  I just love it. And love you guys so much! So empowering how positive are bec! I love checking back to see your new videos and am always rewatching your channel 💖
I'm lucky. One treatment and I quit. Stay away from it. There are alternatives
❤ so happy to see that you will be a moma soon ❤
https://youtu.be/kBi1alTWrbU
If you have breasts, you can get  breast cancer. Sane with any other organ. You have no control so do not look for something  to blame, cause that is wasted energy. Chemo s poison, so you will have side effects. But, remember it’s supposed to only kill the cancer.
I’m sorry you have had to go through this. You are so young (and a beautiful strong person).  I want to thank you for posting these, they will be helpful for me. I was diagnosed two weeks ago and will meet with my three docs (oncology, surgeon and radiologist) next week. I am probably almost double your age and know that this is going to be rough, but even though I can get senior discounts at McDonalds (LOL), I feel strong and can beat this. I hope as I watch the rest of your videos you have had all good news! I will pray for you. ;) ❤. Thanks again for sharing.
I really hope you heal. My father was diagnosed with colorectal cancer on May 4th and that was the most devastating news I could've received. He went to his first chemotherapy treatment and luckily they let me in with him while he was getting his treatment. Many positive vibes for you and I hope you heal.
How many  I n j e c t I o n s. did it take to get your cancer. I bet just one more booster will fix everything, if not the next one for sure, or maybe the one after that, or the one after that. Etc etc etc etc etc etc.
Curious  ??? What do the dogs no during this treatment ?? Justn curious??
Ive been doing chemo since 2018. Im still doing it and holy fuck am i tired. I been on doxorubicin for a long time. My wife thinks im tripping when i tell her im tired, shit i go to chemo 3 times a month. Im hella tried and my sex life is fucked right now from the chemo. Again my wife thinks im tripping. Im fucking tured all the time.
My Mother had to go through Chemo i would never in 10 billion years refer to it as "liquid sunshine" what is wrong with you??
pretty sick your flogging some poxy drink on a cancer channel ........its all about clicks now and ads and? $$$$
❄️
How long after your first chemo to get your strength back Worried about my dad he’s having his first tomorrow. I’ll see him 5 days to a week ❤
Did you get any medication for pain and vomiting nausea etc
Did you do a biopsy on the breast etc  My dads having his first chemo tomorrow God bless you ❤
Girl, you inspired me to do an ultrasound. Stay strong
i try to be supportive with my husband cussing and contact her with an organizacion that give you free wigs and told her to eat something light a couple hours before chemo and know they are so angry with me because she felt bad during her first chemo her blood pressure went down and they said that the doctor told her that it was because i told her to eat something light that she need to eat a lot before going😢 i was trying to help and prevent more vomit during the chemo
I have been avoiding watching your cancer journey only because my Dad went through stafe 4 esophageal cancer and I just didnt know if it was going to be triggering for me, but I’m glad I did. ❤ You didn’t deserve this, but the big guy up there knew it would make you stronger and appreciate life in a new way! Luv you guys! You feel like family. Hugs and kisses to Osso 🥰
I'm sorry you're going through this.  I was diagnosed with stage 3 Adenocarcinoma Non Small Cell Lung Cancer on May 16,2023.. I had my first visit with my oncologist on May 30.. I had surgery already, however I can't start chemo for another 3 weeks or so..
What the music ? Bon Hiver ? buona fortuna e guarisci !
Jesus is coming back. Have faith in Him alone to be saved.
I've had chemotherapy twise now, the last lot was super strong as im under pallative care.  Thankfully, within a few weeks of ot ending, i started to feel better and 3 months post chemo im feeling amazing again.  Chin up babes, youre doing amazing ❤
I just met you both today. 🤍 I think your healthy lifestyle has helped you 💯! You’ve entered into the unknown in the best physical and mental shape possible. Love you.
i love you guys
My mom has breast cancer and she has to go to Chemotherapy and I'm worried for her❤
Cancer doesn’t discriminate, healthy or not, it finds a way to attack everyone. I was diagnosed and relapsed 2x, bone marrow transplant in 2009. I used to work for big pharma and now consult for them, they aren’t the boogie man everyone thinks, CAR-T and CRISPR are game changers, but chemo and rads are often standard of care. It’s getting much better, even since my treatments from 2003-2009.  Get well ❤️‍🩹
Does this sound crazy? But I have only watched about four videos of y’all’s . And I literally feel a change in myself. My perspective on things the way I want to treat people the way I want people to treat me.  Four videos and and I already feel so much more positive. I’m actually going through a really hellish time right now in my life and honestly, I feel like your videos are going to help me a lot through this.. you guys I said it in my last comment. But you guys are just amazing people.  I literally had to pause the video a few times and just cry. I don’t know why but I did. I’m a cryer too bec . So to just see you being able to be yourself and completely open and transparent about your emotions and having somebody by your side that just lets you is just really something that I aspire to have some day.
Contrary to common belief, cancer is a metabolic disease caused by persistent and prolonged inflammation. Despite treatments like radiotherapy and chemotherapy it resurfaces after certain time in other parts of the body and it is more aggressive and deadly. The underlying condition which is inflammation is never addressed. Inflammation starts with food we eat. It’s not only most of the foods are inflammatory but also they do not provide sufficient nutrition. Human body requires animal protein and animal fat for proper functioning. Everything else causes inflammation. If you have pain of any kind, difficulty sleeping, lack of energy. These are first signs of inflammation. It is usually followed by anemia. It is very common that at this point people discover they have some form of cancer. Prevent inflammation to stay healthy. You may think this is incoherent rambling that goes against common narrative but there is science to support it. Watch interviews with dr Thomas Seyfried. It’s easier to blame genetics or other forces instead of accepting fact that in 99% of cases we did this to ourselves following advice from people that have no knowledge of nutrition and how human body works. The cancer numbers are growing with each year. Plus more and more younger people are getting it. 50 years ago it was a rare disease. Now, very often we hear about 1-2 members of the same family to have cancer. Except for genes, the one thing they have in common is food they eat and developed habits. To stay healthy it is imperative to remove inflammation.
My best friend is 48 and now on lifelong chemotherapy. If she doesn’t she dies. She has a permanent pic line and a colostomy bag
I feel so bad for you😥
Take your burdens to the Lord  ...Jesus loves you 💗 💓 💖  John  3: 16
you can overcome it, let's fight of the bad toxic
I know currently bec is in remission but I was diagnosed with osteosarcoma (bone cancer) a couple months earlier than you and we finished around the same time. I also had to have the red devil, along with 2 other chemos. It’s the best feeling to be done.
at least you have your husband
Dogs in bed lacking your  face and cleaning  themselves no way gross
I have been following you guys for a while and when my mom told me yesterday, she was diagnosed with an aggressive breast cancer, it helped me so much to deal with it that I had seen your story and how you got through it❤ In the media we normally see only the stories with sad endings, that are luckily becoming so rare with breast cancer! So seeing the ups and downs of a more typical cancer story like Becs helps so much to have realistic expectations😊
Helpful.. I start next week..💗first vid I found.. hope you’re doing better!
I am a 23 year survivor from breast cancer, chemotherapy and radiation. Hang in there.  You can get through this and one day it will be a distant memory.
I’m scared to go thru this taking care of a 6 year old by myself to boot. Is it possible? I dunno if I’ll even be able to afford chemo. Single income syndrome :( no savings.
What do you think may cause breast cancer? 😢
Because, I'm so glad that you're getting the support you need.
Red Meat diet is main cause of cancer
God bless you guys my grandma just passed away from chemotherapy 😭💔
Thank you for sharing your experience with us. This is a serious, hard hitting topic that I believe we should all see. I'm rooting for you❤️
It's IVF that does it.
I hope she beats the f#ck out of cancer,you both have my prayers
Having my dog diagnose me, and for 3 years, the medics ignored my exams each year. Eventually they listened and found a huge 77mm breast tumour. Had surgery, I refused chemo but had radiotherapy and bisphosphonates just 1 round so far and have tablets for at least 5 years. Be kind to yourself. Take time for you now xxx
Thank you for your thorough story! I am a 30 year old female who was just diagnosed with idc breast cancer stage 2a, starting chemo next week. Definitely resonated with the fact that you feel like you already lived a healthy lifestyle and it's so hard to know WHAT I need to change to prevent this in the future, and not knowing the WHY. No history of breast cancer in my family and no genetic mutations. I am a personal trainer and vegan, so I never thought I would ever get cancer. It sounds like I have the same type of treatment plan that you did as well! Very nervous to see what side effects I might have but like you, I don't want to scare myself too much beforehand.  Thanks again!
Wow, I feel for you. I spent most of my life near Chicago. Now I live in Vegas. The "healthcare" here is horrible, but I least I won't have to deal with this and cold weather. Hang in there. You didn't cause your breast cancer. Breast cancer doesn't work like that. It isn't preventable, which is scary, but we can at least know it's not because we did something wrong. I have to face this alone, and I'm really scared. I have my partial mastectomy a week from tomorrow, which will be my 67th birthday. Thank you for the video. It helps.
That's for sharing your feelings. its another life journey.
I had multiple genetic tests done after getting Clear Cell Renal Cancer at 37, and the tests yielded nothing. Which is great for my 3 sons, but then I was left asking why and how did it happen then.
Wow, I am 33 and was diagnosed with my breast cancer on 12/21/22. I’m two rounds of chemo into my 5 round plan, plus more after my mastectomy. I am so angry at times, for everything this cancer has stolen from me- my health, my breasts, my hair, my fertility, my identity. I’m trying to view this as something that can give me new perspective on everything I DO have, but it’s hard. Your videos seem to help ❤
Please pray for my Mom and my aunt, my aunt had a breast cancer and while my Mom had a lump on her breast someone told us not to get a biopsy because it might get worser all I need is prayers pleaseeee pray for them pleaseeeee😢😢😢
God bless.
Did they not do a pic line? My best friend is doing chemo for the rest of her life now. She beat stage 4 liver and rectal cancer and now has cancer in her lymphnodes . It’s stage 4 terminal and she was given 6 months left. Praying that this chemo she is doing will miraculously help.
Im so sorry Bec!! You will get through this just keep fighting and never give up I am praying for you guys and love your videos you guys are the best!!!
What the actual f is going on in this world where all the good people hurt?!? I’m so f’ing sorry love.
https://youtu.be/6JD_JzprK5U
Watching this and seeing the positivity you have going through this is so inspiring. Not just to those who are battling the same thing. How you are teaching me to change how I might think and turn it into something beautiful is such an incredible gift to give. The love and support and the way Eamon encourages you and loves on you is so incredible it brought tears to my eyes! I am a new viewer and watched a few videos before coming across this series and to see that you are doing so well and are continuing to bring joy into our lives is soooo good to see!!! I’m so  glad you’re still here!! Thanks for your vulnerability in sharing your story. Always sending love to you and your journey through this, even though we’ve never met ☀️☀️☀️
😂🙃😊😍👍
I’m starting my first day of chemo today. It’s exactly one year that you started yours! I hope you’re doing better. ❤
Thank you so much for this…❤
Привет! Да конечно я работаю до шести у тебя свободна буду на месте я тебя встречу с утра до обеда буду в городе и буду с вами разговаривать и с вами поговорить по поводу этого человека 😢 и так будет лучше и проще будет вам по поводу этого поговорить по поводу вашего заказа и я буду очень стараться вас видеть в нашем городе в любом месте и вы можете приехать к вам на встречу на этой же улице в любом месте где вам комфортно в этой квартире вы будете готовы приехать и мы с тобой договоримся о времени встречи и встречи в этом месте ❤ и вы мне можете дать дать мне время на будущее я вас буду поддерживать в этом плане не на не просто на на это не на меня а просто я буду вас очень ждать и вы мне скажите я вас люблю я я не хочу вас видеть и слышать я не буду вам больше говорить что вы.
Been watching you for the past years and didn’t realize you were diagnosed. I just got diagnosed myself on Oct. 11,2022 breast cancer right breast also stage 3. Im currently on my 6 round of chemo. I hope your doing well.
I so want to be loved like Eamon loves Bec. 😢
Marijuana is a big cancer healer
thats your problem, you eat a plant based diet, that sets the body up for cancer and the other is you listen to doctors, good luck with that.
I went through the same thoughts of wondering what caused the cancer. I worked out my whole life, ate healthy foods, didn’t do drugs, didn’t smoke. The doctors told me that you cannot predict something like this and cannot blame yourself. It just happened. I still wondered what I could have done differently to prevent it from happening, but there is nothing I could have done differently. I’m just happy that the treatment and surgery is over and now to deal with taking the hormone treatment for 5 years. I just hope I can handle taking the hormone treatment for 5 years. I feel blessed every single day now that it’s over. Take care!
engine smoking cause of prestone being mixed with oil
If you recite the below prayer 400-2000 times all your diseases will vanish by the permission of Allah ( all glory and praise be to Him).  "O Allah, send prayers, peace and blessings upon our Master Muhammad, the medicine of hearts and their treatment, the soundness of bodies and their cure, the light of vision and its illumination, the spirit of all spirits and the secret of their endurance."
Cemo is fixed to killing not helping people !! Nobody survived this poison !!! Please,do Research 🙏 Good luck ❤
🙏🙏🙏
Hi guys, you have a support and loving partner. I was diagnosed with breast cancer September 22. I had a lumpectomy October. Going to have chemotherapy in 2 weeks time. My boyfriend of 14 months finished with me. He said and I realised he had lack of empathy and emotional issues from childhood I guess. I felt hurt because of the way he ended it. Didn’t show any emotions and was only thinking about himself in the end. I am concentrating on me now.
We love BEAR
Also can we say can we all get a Eamon. He loves you with his everything and you can see it especially now more than ever they way he is your caretaker and how much he just cares for you.
Your doggy will be one of your biggest helpers besides Eamon
Bec You got this sweetie , 🙏🏾♥️I did 6 treatments it was debilitating! What helped me get through was putting on 50 lbs so I have the energy and strength! U-tube frequency videos for healing , pain etc .  Plenty of water , no sugar , no salt ! I made smoothies , after chemo , I went back to eating healthy still no sugar , minimum salt , no alcohol which ignites cancer , I have a great nutritionist, I did full vegan for 3 months , but I needed more protein organic chicken, fish and eggs , soy milk  almond milk ! No cheese as he says dairy causes clogged arteries ! Chemo made my hair fall out ! I love wigs even though it grew back !  I saw a therapist ! I felt the same way but staying positive is key ❤ God Bless , I’m Tracey if you need to vent or have  questions 🙏🏾 praying for you 🙏🏾 vitamins very important especially super B .
You’re so young. I wish no one had to go through this.
❤❤❤❤from an 8 yrs survivor of breast cancer and lymph node cancer much love and prayers to you and your family 😇🙏🙏🙏💕💕💕👋🇨🇦
Thanks for sharing your sunshine with us and reminding others to rest when needed and take time for yourself! Sending love and light.
Ovarian cancer survivor here…. Only 37 years old, but it gets better!!! I hope your doing great!
I had cancer 2ish years ago and I know how shitty that chemo can be at times. Other patients with the same cancer as me only stayed overnight at the hospital  I had to stay 3 days because I was throwing up constantly
All my prayers and power are with you. You will win!
Hope all goes well for the future
Oh my gosh we are diagnosed almost the same day but different year, I am diagnosed on December 22/2022 best of luck to you and also hope for the best for me as well.
I have a breast cancer to stage 2 and now im doing 4rth session of of chemotherapy treatment
I start my chemotherapy  next month for myxofibrosarcoma.  Kind of concerned.
I thought it was in poor taste (click bait) for you to act like you were about to "heave" in that green bowl. Peace out and feel better.
Thank you so much for standing by your words and helping me get rid of my cancer #drohanon🍁🍁🍁🙏
I just wanna check how are you doing right now. I certainly know how you feeling right now. I really love how you fought this trying hard times.
Thank you #drohanon for your kindness towards humanity am very grateful that i was able to get rid of my cancer problem with the help of your supplement i really appreciate your kindness🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏❤️
I’m curious have you ever had root canal dental procedure? As I’ve seen a link between it and cancer.
I love the music can i find it anywhere to play TIA
Can u check sleep and airway
Thank you #Dr Ohanon for helping me get rid of cancer with your natural diet and your herbal supplements am very well today thank you so much sir....,
I'm praying for your full recovery.
I’m so grateful for your videos. Your honesty and bravery are inspiring and have made own imminent treatment for lymphoma far less scary. Thank you from the bottom of my heart ❤
far across on the other side of the world, praying for your good health. May the One give you and your loved ones the strenght to go through this journey. Thank you so much for sharing. I'm to dealing with cancer in my family, so your video is really been helpful. Love from far
It's been months this posted, I hope your doing good ❤️
Prayers. Stay strong.
Hi we same  i breast cancer my lefnodes and breast remove start2019 until now i do chemo 2022 i eat anyting  organic or not i dont defrive from criving good luck  god bless u
Thank you for your incredible courage in sharing your experience. My daughter is 42 years old and was just diagnosed with invasive ductal carcinoma. Our journey is just beginning and seeing your courage is inspiring for my wife, my daughter, and myself. We send our love and prayers for a complete and speedy recovery. 😊❤️
I found your Morroco video and went back to your journey. My daughter had cancer treatment in Kingston , seeing those views of the lake brought me to tears. I’m glad I saw you happy and healthy on the other side first. My baby is almost 5 yrs in remission. Much love to you both. ❤
I thought breast cancer before 40 was rare. I have an appt for a biopsy on this huge lump on the side of my right breast next week. Im 31yo. I went through the ultrasound then immediately got sent to the mammogram. After that put in front of a specialist and team of docs saying they were worried by what they were seeing. I apparently had 3 lumps 2 that I felt through my skin and the other under my arm that I didn't know about. These lumps have been here for 4 months so far because I thought it was just because of a hormonal change the whole time. Smh
I’m praying for you sister ❤
Bete für euch 🙏🙏🙏♥️
🙏🏼❤️
You are all drinking and eating organic foods but in processed form. Hormone tablets ie use of bcp increases chances of breast cancer.
🙏
Wish we could come up with treatments other then general chemo.. It just wears the body out. Hope we can come up with more targeted approaches.
Stay strong ❤️
0:33 ive been there before... and... here go again.
The same day of your first chemo, I had open heart surgery. What a journey!!!  I’m so thankful for everything I learned about God, about my family and friends love and about myself in the last year.  A few months before I went from telling my husband in the morning, I feel great, even my finger doesn’t hurt. To ending up in the hospital and being told I needed open heart surgery. Wow.
Idk why I'm getting this video on my algorithm. I'm praying for quick recovery for anyone going through this 💚
You're a warrior Bec! And watching your morning cuddles shows just how much everyone needs an Eamon and Oso support crew in their life ❤
I think we need to have a conversation more about overall cancer survivor numbers. Nowhere can i find these numbers. Sounds like a business to me
Im going to have a chemo too…after i get the result of Second Biopsy and and MRI-to check if there’s a cancer aside from breast cancer. I hope i can get an idea how to prepare myself .Thanks.
3 questions 1) what to eat? 2) when to eat? 3) How much to eat? If you study these three questions you will get answer. Follow intermittent fasting low protein keto diet. This diet kills cancer, cures diabetes and most of the life style diseases. Cancer cells feed on carbs and excess protein.
You are such a strong female Bec 🙏 Eamon I know this is going to be just as tough for you as well, you are both warriors 🤗
I was diagnosed with DCIS , shocking news, searching for answers!
💔😢💔🙏🏻
I’ve been through this. I was diagnosed on 6/13/17 hardest year of my life. I did surgery first, then 4 months the of taxotere and cytoxan  chemotherapy. It was brutal. Round one put me in the hospital. I didn’t know how I was gonna do it. I did it breath by breath. Before every big treatment I did something fun. My thoughts are with you as you walk this path my sister. My heart will be with you. I just hit my five year milestone. You can do this.
Pepcid AC kept me from being sick.
I'm about to go into week 2 of treatment (radio and chemo) and I totally felt when Bec said it's hard knowing you have to make yourself sick when you had no symptoms of being sick. That's been the one thing I've struggled most with so far. Keep on healing everyone 🙏💞
A relative from my family has had stage 1 or 2 breast cancer and she pulled through so, you can too
Hi Bec - THANK YOU for sharing your journey as it is helping so many who are fighting their own journey 💗. What's the name of the injections that you take to boost your immune system? Thank you..
❤🤍🙏luv you and proud of you
stop it, the worth you can do, research, it not just kill ur bad cell but kill all cell. you will regret it, it is retinoi acid, it was in iso tretinoin when i take for acne. stop it.
May I ask what type of cancer you have.  I have her2 positive and was diagnosed in 2019.
"Red Devil" 🤣 we named it "Campari" or "my best friend". The worst thing under Epirubicin I found was that all mucous membranes get tiny holes. That really hurt a lot. But I'm still here since diagnosed in 4/2010, chemo, radiotherapy and Tam for 10 years and still cancer free till now. All the best for you 😘
You are so strong. It’s beautiful to see the support in you relationship.
HPV human papilloma virus is the main cause of these cancers Breast ... uterine and throat  Transmitted from partner Stay hydrated as medication makes you constipated ...keep your bowels moving for meds to work properly Drink plenty of water to stop your veins collapsing during chemo  Hydrate hydrate hydrate
Alles alles GUTE für dich😎
I had treatment for invasive ductal carcinoma breast cancer had chemo surgery and radiotherapy last year sending healing your way
My mom got diagnosed with a rare form of breast cancer in the milk ducts like 4 days before my 16th birthday this year (estimated 1-5 years to live). She's starting chemo soon and just had a surgery to get the chemo port put into her vein. I almost flat out cried knowing she was going to have to get the procedure in the first place when she first told me she was going into the doctor's the next day to get it done. Tbh, I'm kind of scared. Scared of a lot of things. Well, I'm scared of her just dying or being in so much pain and suffering but still "living". It's also kind of ironic that I started getting meds for my depression disorder after she had been diagnosed with cancer for months, and that I'm starting to get myself back together after 5 f*cking years of this disorder and she has to lose her health at the same time. I mostly cope about it all with my music-- whether that be playing my piano or listening to "How to save a life- The Fray" on repeat while crying for 2 hours. Life just kind of sucks, but that's ok, I guess. As long as you learn how to suck right back at it, it gets easier to deal with. :/
God bless! I went through 5 months of inpatient chemo. (I had  to stay 1 week every month in hospital because of a drug called ifosamide).  I also had the "Red Devil", Doxorubicin for stage 3 myxoid round cell liposarcoma (rare tumor in my fat cells in my right thigh/hip back in 2018). I just kept up with a positive attitude, told my story and hope people learned from it. We are warriors. Win or lose we can say we fought with a smile on our faces. Life threw us lemons.  I hate lemons, but I learned to make them into yummy ice cubes!!  LOL- It helped me with my sickness. Best of luck from Staten Island!!
Ive sadly missed alot of your videos but your a champion and you've made my fears and struggles with my own health feel more valid.. love you both! you've got this!
As an Ottawaan, this hits very close to home. You are definitely very strong though and  while I haven't been there personally, I have heard great things about Kingston Gen. Your appreciation of beauty in the small things is inspiring. Despite the cold, winter in our part of the world is so beautiful. Hopefully you can keep finding little rays of sunshine like these as you make your way through this challenge.
LOVE YOU GUUUYSSS!!! KEEP SLAYIN' 💅
My grandma had breast cancer. I remember that she had a thing that she stuffed in her bra. So much had changed since the 80s
...and stop talking like a Valley Girl !!!!
You are so brave I am prod on you!
I am here to give this review to DR harry herbs on YouTube for using his herbs medicine to cure me from Cancer  thank God I'm free and cure again to live a normal  life again thank  you so much DR Harry herbs on YouTube.
I have been fighting MBC since 2008 and I am finally cancer free. DONT GIVE UP THE FIGHT little sister.
💕💕💕💕💕💕
Chemo doesn't remove toxins, it hopefully removes the cancer. I wish you all the best on your journey. (said as a BRCA1 mutation, double mastectomy, Salpingo-oophorectomy surgery, reconstructive surgery recipient).
All thanks to DR harry herbs i got through YouTube for using his time to treat me an help me get rid of Cancer with herbs medicine i got from him, it was great to meet you DR. Harry herbs on YouTube so keep doing the great work lord God has giving to you to save life's.
Ugh IVF giving people breast cancer.
May God bless you and keep you both. AMEN 🙏.
Do you know Dr. Hamer and the Germanian Medicine? He teaches about emotional schocks that we experience which then cause special survival programs in the body to start and these end in a certain healing crisis in the body when you are about to realease the emotional schock and end the survival program.  He says that breast cancer comes from a schock due to a loss. The cancer itself is a healing crisis. Maybe it would be interesting for you to look into that kind of explanation and reason for it to happen in your so healthy body.  You for sure had a very deep schock due to the loss of your best friend Lee. This could have been the start of the survival program in the body. You worked your way through the emotions for a couple of months and then you were ready to release it from your system and carry on with life. That's when the healing crisis (in this case the Breast Cancer) showed up. Hope that it helps. Love to you both! You are wonderful people and I am well impressed on what you two keep on rocking in your life! The cabin looks beautiful, so pretty how you changed it.
Keep strong. Get wel soon🙏
I do chemo injections atm I used to infuse it. its hard to feel relief with chemo it seems sooo counterintuitive. I have really bad MS. Once the nausea wears off I feel better with time. I'm happy it's going well for you.
I know what you've been going through. I've been battling cancer for over 13 years now. I've had 'hard' chemo for many many months over this time. I chose to control my life instead of the cancer controlling it. I always kept on going to work during my treatments . I was doing chemo once a week for 4 weeks- a 2 week break and   start again over a period of 6 months. I had this regimen 4 times so far. And in between this regimen, I take chemo pills. It's taxing my body but I'm glad to still be here. I know I'll fight it till I die but in the meantime, I'm happy with the life I have. Keep on smiling, and when you have bad days, take in an hour at a time, the next day will be better. And enjoy the moment !! 😊😊🤗🤗
Always praying for you two.  How are things going now?
My partner had breast cancer and she had a hard time with the treatment but got there in the end.God bless you...
Thank you for great video
What is that beautiful music "Can't get it out of my mind..." So gorgeous...
You both have the best attitudes. 🌞  Simultaneously, thank you for being real. ♥️  Most importantly, how are you doing?
Hang in there and listen to your body and mind to find out which foods you can handle. I just finished my 10th and final round with oxiliplatin which is very toxic. I was diagnosed with stage 4 osophagal cancer in Feb 2022 which spread to my stomach, liver, and bones. I beat it and so far no trace. I took huge smounts of multivitamins and I found I could handle Ensure Plus 350 calorie protein drinks to keep my weight stable. Also it's hard but stay as physically active as you can to maintain muscle. I took 2 months and built a 15 x 15 foot paver patio in my backyard by myself while on chemo. Good Luck and load up on vitamins.
supporting u. keep fighting u are so strong
My Dad just had a mass that is not cancer but they are still requiring 6 radiation treatments thank-you so much for sharing ❤ 💖 💕 💗 😊 💜 I am praying for you and my father 🙏 ❤ 😊 💙 much peace happiness love and you are healing in every moment
My brother is again fighting for his life. We survive colon center, now it’s liver And lung 🥺😭😢. Thank you for sharing
My mum had early signs of Breast cancer and she had operation to get out the The lump out and she has been cancer free for a few years now she has to get Infuzions  and now have to some t calciumt Tablets and I’m here to support you through this very hard times I will pray for you ♥️ and just sub your channel ♥️
Prayers sent thank you for sharing your journey wishing you the very best ❤️
Have you taken Birth control pills?  Birth control pills= breast cancer   Have you ever injected vaccines of any kind in your adult life? ☠️
May Allah heal you soonest 🥺❣️ my all prayers to you ,you will be monster free very soon InshaAllah
I was diagnosed with Cancer in May 2020 (Multiple Myeloma). I had a stem cell transplant in May 2021 and I've been doing chemo for two years now. unfortunately there is no cure for Multiple Myeloma but it can be managed. I don't know many that have cancer or have had it before so it's been hard going through things mostly alone. I'm so sorry you've had to go through so much but I can tell you are strong.  I'm glad I came across your post. I hope you are doing better these days. ❤️
Cancer survivor here you got this.
God bless you
Beautiful woman unbelievable experience so proud
I had to eat ice during the red devil or it would burn the inside of my mouth and throat. They didnt give me that tid bit before hand :/
This is so much worse than Mary Frey and her nagging ...
I am so sorry you are going through this.  Prayers lifted for you.
cancer is evil it dosent care how healthy you are how old you are wether you a man or woman it just dosent care i hope you beat it !
Thank you for taking us on your cancer journey.
I never got physically sick with a very aggressive form of breast cancer WHATCH OUT For THE RED DEVIL!!!!!!!! Don’t try to out guess cancer and stop crying,
If you want to, please have a look at the channel of Tiffanythinks. She is a 30 year old going through treatment for adenocarcinoma in her pelvic area. You’ve got this 💙💙
I've read that fasting before chemo treatment helps reduce the nausea and sickness.
i pray for you! I am 100% per cent everything will be OK one day, i am with you.🥰
My 82 year old mom was just diagnosed with stage 3B breast cancer . Her first chemo is 8/24 .  It's really scary
Pray to God!,,no one Mountain can be bigger than God"
I have stage IIIC cancer and in treatment..... three imutherapy treatments so far. Love Canada ! Been there many times.  Hoping to travel again there soon. I am sorry this  is occuring  to  you.
Add high doses of vitamin D3 to diet.
Your video just popped up in my feed today. I know this video is 5 months old, but I wanted to tell you that you have a beautiful outlook on things and life in general. This is the only video I've watched so far, I hope your journey is going well. As someone who has a few painful incurable chronic illnesses since I was 15 years old, I can appreciate your journey. Can I ask an odd question? Where did you get your jacket? I also live in Canada and as you know the winters are long and cold. Stay blessed 💜.
So glad I come across this video… what amazing lovely, chilled, guys you are… I am sendin all my love from the uk…. Keep doing what your doing and this chapter in your life will be over in no time…love your way of living love all the clean eating you guys do… xxxx
Having a dog makes everything feel better. Oso will be so aware of how you feel xx
Courage.you are strong.
U have an amazing community that is praying and cheering for u. Never give up on anything.
I should pretend to have cancer too so l get more sympathy views
and some marketing of that green stuff.
Eat mushrooms  daily  !   It been proven  that one mushroom a day will control or eliminate cancer from your body ! Cooked  upto 100 Celsius  degrees for a couple of minutes with cooked garlic and onion   and est onions  and garlic raw also !
My life is hell. My family is ruined. BANKRUPT, HOMELESS.
If the world had more people like you, it would be a better place. You make a difference. Dr Igho on youtube thank you for curing my breast cancer and introducing your herbal products to the world.
Has the health care you received in Canada rendered you with full chemo benefit without restrictions or copays?
"MasTectomy"
Hmmm. Did you stop wondering what you did or didn't do? That thought track seemed unproductive for your mental health.
Garlick can destroy cancer each day eating till its no more
My heart hurts for you.  I am a cancer survivor so I am familiar with your path.  bChemo was terrible!  Mine was during Covid so I had to go alone, every other week, an hour away.   Being tired of being really weak made me briefly want to give up.  Don't feel that way.  Life on the other side has been good.   I am very grateful to have had 2 more years (so far) and have had happiness in small things.  You need someone to talk to, there are many who will listen.
you mus must watch these two videos https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=STm73pgNbjY https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OstU2FoRfd4  no cancer, no misery,no problem
This reminds me of my mom who has dealt with cancer 3 times. It made me tear up because I personally know what  that experience was like. it was hurting me to see my mom go through that. She could never gain weight and even if she could, it wouldn't be a lot. She died in 2014 after we found out she had died of AML (acute myeloid lukemia). When she died when I was 24, I was grateful for going on all the vacations with her growing up for 21 years. Had she died when I was 4 when she got her first cancer diagnosis, my brother and I wouldn't of had a mother. I'm glad you pulled through your chemotherapy experience❤
Unsere Ernährung ist unsere Medizin . Es entsteht nur Krebs in einem übersäuerten Körper !!!  Fastfood usw ist Gift !!! Bitte über Chemo informieren.....
good doggy 🐕‍🦺🐶🐩🐩🐕🦮🐾🐕‍🦺🐶🐩🐩🐕🐕‍🦺🐶
I’m no doctor nor do I have any medical knowledge. I’ve seen videos on people taking black seed oil which helps cure cancer. Do research.
Beautiful. Thank you for being brave enough to share your journey. You will help so many people who will go thru a similar situation.
Keep smiling….I know at times it has to be hard but you got this! 🙏🏻🦋
Are you in Canada ?
I love how Eamon makes Bec laugh every chance he gets. the sweestest!
I need Eamons recipes
I’m so sorry you have to put that poison in yr body I know you don’t like it.
You two are so precious and God loves you so much!
I was diagnosed in May & start chemo Mon Prayers for us & everyone else suffering with cancer & other illnesses 🙏😇🌼💛
I start chemotherapy tomorrow and this video was incredibly helpful in preparing, thank you!! Good luck on the rest of your journey!
I recently found your channel from watching Kara and Nate. You are amazingly strong to share this journey.  I went through a similar journey. It's different to watch it and cheer someone on you don't know and on a screen. I had 3 forms of cancer at one time and then another that showed up we had to fight. I am now about to celebrate 6 years cancer free. My celebration of this is my husband as I along with 2 of our kids are getting ready for our world travels. Slow traveling and finding where in the world speaks to us. Thank you Bec for being so incredibly strong and an amazing human from all I have see in your channel. Damon way to go you are a fabulous man and an amazing partner to Bec. Way to go!!!!
U r very blessed to have such a loving/supportive partner & family. I can only imagine how hard all this is. Keeping u in my thoughts & prayers. (Have lost 2 beloved family members to different types of cancer. My heart goes out to u all, sweetie.) & don't underestimate the healing power of ur beautiful doggie...
I’m so so scared after being diagnosed Stage 4 that this pain will last for ever
He looks so much better with bangs. I love your hair like that.
I understand. I don’t drink, don’t smoke,vegan, no caffeine, no drugs and I still got breast cancer. Start chemo august 2 2022. Then radiation. Scarred
You are so amazing and powerful. Sending you and your family all my love. 💗
https://youtu.be/ZOX2eg1nfAs
What do you mean you’ve never been in a book store before?!?!
Unfortunately, this is the perfect example that ultimately we are not in control. You can do everything that you believe is right, and life still doesn't go as we plan.
Watching again because my first chemo is the 28th. No red devil but a lot of side effects from the 2 I will get.
I’m sorry you had to go through this nobody should have to
Don’t worry about your truck that’s not smoke. All vehicles do that in cold weather
It’s SOOO VERY important to let people know that what they “see on your video,s”….is only a VERY small part of all you are going through day by day..…..AND what “is” filmed….is edited.
I start my first round of chemo next month and I’m scared.
It’s a beaut, Clark!
This may be too late but acupuncture helps with nausea. Some cancer centers offer it for free or for a nominal cost.
Omg I had the red devil. 10 years ago.
I made update videos all last year during my breast cancer journey, I really appreciate channels like yours that share their experience through their breast cancer journey. And so I wanted to do the same for others. All of our journeys look different but it can help someone else going through similar circumstances! 🥰https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0MKdv1eWx08R7it_RRUAn-eor3_4GJp5
Hi 💜 Thank you for sharing your story. You are so brave and strong. I pray for you to know that salvation is not by one's asking alone (by mouth alone, i.e: to ask Jesus into your heart), but rather by accepting the BLOOD ATONEMENT of Jesus Christ by faith in Him and His blood (by TRUSTING IN JESUS CHRIST and TRUSTING the blood of Jesus Christ for salvation, what He has done for us): FAITH IN JESUS and His BLOOD from the heart. The only way to come to God that pleases Him is through the Blood Atonement of Jesus. (Romans 3:25: whom God hath set forth to be a propitiation through faith in his blood, to declare his righteousness for the remission of sins that are past, through the forbearance of God; Romans 5:9: Much more then, being now justified by his blood, we shall be saved from wrath through him. Ephesians 1:7: In whom we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins, according to the riches of his grace; Revelation 1:5: and from Jesus Christ, who is the faithful witness, and the first begotten of the dead, and the prince of the kings of the earth. Unto him that loved us, and washed us from our sins in his own blood, ). It's not by trusting in what you do (what we do) but it is rather by trusting in what Jesus Christ has already DONE for you (for all of us; paid the full payment for our sins, He was crucified, died, and rose again the third day). John 19:30 says: When Jesus therefore had received the vinegar, he said, It is finished: and he bowed his head, and gave up the ghost. Trust with all of your heart in the finished work of Jesus Christ on the cross. Rejoice in knowing that he has paid your debt in full when you trust in Him and in His blood with all of your heart. We are saved by grace through faith (Ephesians 2:8-9: 'For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God: not of works, lest any man should boast. '). Believe in Him and His blood and love Him with all of your heart, soul, mind, and strength. Romans 10:9-13 says: 'that if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. For the scripture saith, Whosoever believeth on him shall not be ashamed. For there is no difference between the Jew and the Greek: for the same Lord over all is rich unto all that call upon him. For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved. '  You are never too far gone. In John 6:37 Jesus said: "All that the Father giveth me shall come to me; and him that cometh to me I will in no wise cast out." You are in my thoughts and prayers. Reading the Bible will change you. You are loved by many, but most importantly by God who sent His Son Jesus to die for you so that you may live eternally. (John 3:16: 'For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. ' Acts 4:12: Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved. John 14:6: Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me. ) ❤️☀️☺️💙🥰 God bless you sister, much love!
I feel for all whose going through, or gone through it..I feel for young,babies and children who have to endure the same pain you are dealing with...🥺😢
Also, people online are saying from their experience that radiation is much less harsh on the body than chemo. I hope God helps you be well.
Amen I Pray For You , AND GOD YAHWEH WILL HELP YOU AND JESUS CHRIST
I just found your page. I have had breast cancer 3 times. The first was when I was 19 and I wasn't informed of all the things I could do or could have done. My mastectomy is next year and then my hysterectomy. I have the brca gene and got it from both grandmothers. I got to have two beautiful daughters before i suffered infertility issues. Great support is the best. I went through my first treatment alone. I only needed surgery. The second I needed radiation and it was tough. I'm currently in remission from the third time and I'm getting married this year :) it's always brighter on the other side. You are amazing and have great support
Thank you I just found out that I have breast cancer and I'm trying to get myself taught about what's going on or what can go on. And watching you go through this chemo I know exactly what's going to happen to me now so I don't have to be so scared. I still haven't made decisions about if I'm going to have a double mastectomy or or what but it helps to watch these videos thank you so much and God bless you
There is his name is Jesus and he Loves you so much.  Invite him into your heart. He will do the rest. God bless you sweetie. I will keep you in my prayers.♥️😊
When I had cancer I had to stay positive or I wouldn’t be able to get through it
What breed of doggie is Osõ?
I was just watching Kara and Nate’s video where you were fine it’s soo sad
Mine also have a first chemo... I wish all of us can be strong💪💪
Try this https://youtu.be/RBMnRmbNMr0
So raw so emotional, thank you both for taking us on your journey. I haven't been able to watch until now because of the reality of your situation. Take care you got this xo
"Dieu rit de ceux qui déplorent les effets dont ils chérissent les causes". Quit v.e.g.a.n.i.s.m.
All best to You from France.
I have been following you from the beginning of your YouTube journey. You are an inspiration. You keep those positive thoughts and my love and prayers and positive thoughts are with you.
my sister was just diagnosed with stage 4 metastatic breast cancer. she had her first chemo treatment yesterday monday May 9th. she’s feeling the effects already. it’s so hard to see her going through this but she will get through this.
I’m coming into this in May 2022..and. I’m just pissed this had to happen to you.. I love you both..sending STRENGTH AND LOVE❤️❤️
BEC..I’m seriously way behind..what the hell..I haven’t stop crying..I LOVE YOU AND EAMON and have followed forever and I feel like I was hit by lightening bolt..this is totally f’ddd why you..you guys are nothing but healthy..why is there still this dumb ass cancer after all the years and all the money..gawd I’m on my knees for you and Eamon
Do you have a history of breast cancer in the family?
I heard something about female products (arm spry, lotion, etc.) giving breast cancer.   I will keep you guys in my prayers! God bless!!❤ you will get through this!
i wish I could live with you guys for like 6 months so I can eat good organic food and become a skinny legend again lol ♥️ praying for you 😊 new subbie
Beck hunny! I am so so proud of you. Do you or does anyone have any book suggestions for mindfulness, happy thoughts, and positivity? I love how to look at life and i really need some help reframing my thoughts sometimes. thank you!❤️
Paula Black and her husband Dale, have their own YT channel.  She wrote a book "Life, Cancer, & God", which explains the special diet/juicing regimen that she went on to cure herself of cancer, after being given only 6 months to live.  Her doctor told her she didn't need chemo/radiation nor surgery.  Within 15 months she was totally cured, and this works for any cancer.
You are so positive and radiant! Sending you so much love and healing. You are literally a ray of sunshine. ❤️
Omg your dogs face! Absolutely adorable!
I love how your encourage Eamon to play an active role in your treatment, even if it’s just administering a WBC booster shot and bringing you water. On top of having your sisters come down the night before treatment 1. It is something that I didn’t have the strength to do growing up. I felt terrible about everything, including myself, so I isolated myself and pushed love one’s away. It just made my experience so much more painful for my family, friends, and I. It is something I regret looking back but it made me learn so much moving forward in my illness. You’re setting such a great example for everyone 💖💖
you got a mask on.FFS!!
My cousin battled breast cancer for 13 years and lost her battle in 2014.
Thinking of you Bec and Eamon. Thank you for sharing this powerful story.
You OWE NO ONE in how YOU Feel going through this HELL and for anyone who think’s that it done a certain way they know nothing…..That BEAUTIFUL DOG was sent to you Guy’s by the Grace Of God …..
my mom is a nurse at kgh so im sending my good vibes through her xo
Obamacare is decreasing the quality of medical care. Mammograms are done too quickly b/c time is money. Most radiology facilities are owned by corporate entities such as hedge funds & hospitals. The doctors are pushed to move the patients thru and spend as little time as possible with the patients.
Sending you lots of love Bec you’ll get through this ❤️❤️❤️
May I ask if you had a  CoVid-19 vaccination in 2021? I heard a lot of cancers since that. First hyperstimmulation for eggs and then directly have to go to a chemo... You are a real wonderwoman!!! I wish you good luck! May God bless you!!!🥰🙏
Hello I'm  bodo Gaga by name from USA,  I'm so excited to inform everyone that I'm completely cured from my cancer sickness, After using the herbal medication I got from Dr Ogoh on YouTube, thanks  to #drogoh I am forever grateful doctor.
I was diagnosed with breast cancer stage 2A in 2017. I did everything, chemotherapy, radiation and immunotherapy treatments. February of last year my cancer came back and spread to my spine and liver. I was having back pain and burping a lot. The one advice I can give u is to skip breast reconstruction. That in itself was a very horrific experience for me and for a few breast cancer patients i know. I was told that because our bodies went through so much that it's rejecting the implants. I'd advice u not to do it but ultimately the decision is yours 😌😔
Bec chemo is def NOT liquid sunshine...it's-poison actually. Every cell in your body will be effected by the chemo. Vomiting, vomiting, vomiting!! Get a soft cap for your head and wash your hair because it'll help with your hair coming out.  Sending love and lots of it.
Just wanna say it's all gonna be okay. You guys are wonderful, shining people who bring so much joy to everyone you touch. 💜🍀🕊️🌻
I'm just coming into this journey with you.  I have been binging on the Vlogs from Kara and Nate, and had the pleasure of meeting you in those.  You will be in my prayers for complete healing.  I look forward to seeing you progress through this disease.
all the best for you guys. 기운내요!
You are amazing.😇Thank you both for letting us share you're  days through this. Thinking of you 🤗 both.    Be strong
The red devil …. Doxil. Been there and done that ALOT and different treatments plans and combined with other chemos…. Soft tissue sarcoma (not breast cancer). On my second chest port. Not going to sugar coat it. The red devil sucks. I am right there with you by your side and WE ARE NOT GOING TO QUIT no matter how hard this gets. It is a means to an end. Sleep … sleep … sleep. Fatigue is not the same as tired so just go with what it is telling you. Let bear cuddle. I had 4 dachshunds curled up with me when home as they know when things are not right and want to help. (Did Docs tell you about possible long term side effects from Doxil? If not, ask them just so you are prepared. Not to scare or concern you but you should know in case. Very doable.) Hang tough. Be a bad ass. The treatment may seem worse than the disease. Laugh about chemo brain if it shows up …. It’s a hoot. I will keep checking in on you but always thinking about you.
Thank you for taking us through your journey. It is very touching and you are so incredibly brave!
I know i should not watch it. If i get started, i would drown in emotions, empathy. I will be lost.
I'm so sorry for what you two are going through! I wish you better and brightest days soon. Stay strong and energetic! We need you!!! ♥️♥️♥️
For over a decade I've had a sickness the doctors and specialist can quite figure out because it's effect on me vary, but it also leaves me with reduced physical strength and no energy at all, this means that doing anything but sitting still tires me out. Thankfully it's not that bad every day, just most days to a degree, but that simple means that if I'm lucky I might get 6 hours here or half a day and even a day where I feel mostly normal and gets to do thinks because I suddenly do have energy to do stuff and then I take a nap and things flipps around again. It's slowly driving me bonkers, and I can't even begin to explain how frustrating this is, but I'm stuck in it with no way out. It's not fun at all.  All I can do is to take one day at a time and go slow and steady while an unknown sickness slowly kills me. That's my life and has been my life for the past 15 years, but I refuse to wallow much, I rather be reading or watching something good or listening to an audiobook or trying my hands at writing the stories that pop into my head.  Feeling broken like that is more common than many thing, but we who deals with it can only endure. So good luck and I wish you health in the years to come.
You are tough and you are going to do very good keep your head up and you can do anything you put your mind to
I was sooo sick on chemo. Tbh I’d always been the one who was sick after too much alcohol, I was always such a “light weight”. On my second or third dose I was sick that hard I burst the blood vessels in both eyes, looked like I was crying blood, looked we’ll cool. Took months to go and my whole eye balls turned yellow. Other than that and I couldn’t eat tomatoes for a few years after (i love tomatoes) it wasn’t too bad 🤣. Not really, it was really tough (although I’ve unfortunately had tougher since), but at the time I was young like you are now, you’ll get through it and I honestly now look back at it as something that made me a better person in lots of ways and shaped the person I am today.
Oh gosh when Eamon stood there after saying goodbye to you outside as you were going into your first chemo treatment, just brought me to tears. Often people on the outside forget about the partner going through it with you, but you BOTH are seen and I feel for both of you and sending so much love and positivity to you BOTH!! ❤️❤️❤️
I'm going to have my first chemo in a couple of weeks. Thank you for sharing! I like to know what to expect so this video really helped. Praying for your healing and for all of us who are battling cancer!
Love you both💕
Thank you for using this experience to help others.  OOOOOO
love from holland
Get well soon inchalah  🇲🇦🇲🇦🇲🇦🌷
You are in my thoughts and sending you love and hugs. I am going through cancer for the third time so I'm right there with where you are with your thoughts and feelings. Though I'm not getting chemo like you are I get shots every 2 weeks, 2 of which are very painful. I  feel terrible for the following week after each so I spend the time resting. I struggle with having patience for getting to the "better" days. Thank you for sharing your journey. It brightens my day. Hang in there. ❤
So I’m confused.  In your first video it said you were stage 0. I’m assuming it was dcis ? You had surgery first. Estrogen positive. How did they miss a 5 inch cancer cell on a MRI, Cat scan, mammogram, ultrasound and biopsy ? My wife was just diagnosed with stage 1 a triple negative in right auxiliary.
Research Vitamin B-17 Apricot kernels!!! Please
So true that Dr Ogoh on YouTube cures cancers completely. My friends and I are living testimony to his herbal medication after taking the medication. Reach out to him if infected by the virus. He deserves a great respect ✊
Ok you know what the ph levels are cancer is a fungus and it thrives on acid so if you have a balanced ph level cancer cannot grow .chemo therapy is a billion dollar money maker . Please do your research and be safe you two are awesome
I had to do "the red devil" almost six years ago. From what I remember it was actual red. Get lots of rest and share ALL of your side effects with your medical team as they were able to give me meds that helped. I got IV fluids for a couple of day after every round which really helped. At first I was so defeated and I thought I am just going to feel like crap and didn't take good care of myself. Then I realized that while I definitely going to feel sick taking care of myself and accepting support does make a difference. I went from first round not being able to move like AT ALL to being able to move around the house after accepting help and taking care of myself. Wish you well!
Everyone is different when it comes to chemo. I was prepared for nausea and didn't have one day of nausea. What I did have and I am still feeling the effects of (I only stopped chemo a month ago) is the chemo induced neuropathy that is supposed to happen to only 30% of patients.
I've been in labor and delivery for six years as a nurse, and being able to watch you go through this is making me want to change career focus and move into outpatient chemo. Thank you for sharing!   E! Keep your mask on at the hospital. You're on camera and the CC works fine if you're concerned about being heard.
Don't get caught up in others fates.Not wise especially when you don't know them of their motives. Remember they are running a business on donations. There are real peep and animals that need help. Not celluloid illusions.
Do you guys eat meat? Perhaps you should eat nutrient dense organs, such as liver? Perhaps your body needs nutrients you don't get from plants.
You said that you excercise, you eat plant based foods, you are always trying to stay positive, but cant understand why are you in this situation.. Well the problem is, that people have forgotten God. Call out to Jesus, come to know Him, open up New Testament (Bible), and there you will find out why you are in the situation that you are in today. You are going through a trial, and God is waiting for people to turn to Him, to acknowledge Him, and repent from unbelief... In His hands is your life, not in positive thinking or in plant based food.. You have been led astray by the false teachings of a positive thinking and energies. It will not save you, nor will it save your soul. Think about it, dear Becc's. I wish you all the best. May God touch your heart and send you spiritual and physical healing. Call out to Him while the door for that is still open. <3 May God bless your heart <3
The red devil was the worst for me. It got me really sick.  Taxol was better.  It gets better.
I will keep you in my prayers, I was diagnosed in the middle of the pandemic, I went to all my appointments by myself I know it is hard, you have a very supportive partner,  you can do this. I will keep you in my prayers
https://youtu.be/ZOX2eg1nfAs
I pray you get better soon. Its upsetting to see you being sick. I learnt so much watching this video
Miss you both so much..Hope all is well. You've got this Bec!
For bodily exercise is of some value, but godliness has value for all things, holding Promise for both the present life and the life to come. 1Timothy 4:8  "All that you Need pertaining to Life and godliness, I have Provided in Christ" -says God, the Father "In Christ, you have been Provided with Everything you Need" -says God, the Provider "Jesus is All you Need"  "Do you have a Holy Bible? -asks Jesus, a Healer in All things "The Scriptures speak of Me. I Am the One who Loves you and Gave His Life for you. No religion..just Relationship. Only Believe" -says Jesus, the Christ  I Am a Prophetess of Christ
Hey, Guy's this is my very first watch W/U. I want to encourage U Bec, My Mother had Breast Cancer 9 different times, & she still overcame that nasty C-word. & when she was Promoted to Heaven, she was Cancer Free, so Don't ever feel that U can't or that U won't overcome Ur fight, because I believe that U will.   I have no idea where Ur heart is when it comes to Jesus Christ, but I want to share a little about me. On July 11th, 2005 I was diagnosed W/Multiple Sclerosis, I have always had a strong faith in God & I'm a believer in Jesus Christ, knowing in my heart that He is the same today, Tomorrow & 4-ever. This being said I went to Church & had the Pastors anoint me W/Oil & pray over me & I was healed of MS. Now some would say that I'm just in remission, However, since the day that they prayed over me I've not had any signs @ all of MS, they've done countless MRIs of my brain & there have been NO NEW LESIONS & I've not taken any MS drugs now for going on 6 years as of this coming April 6th, 2022.   U see I take Jesus Christ @ his word, he says if we ask that he will answer, I asked & He answered.  so if U don't mind I'd love to pray over U. right now...  Father God, I come before Your throne of GRACE, I lift Bec up to You & I ask that U'd heal her body. If U choose to heal her through these drugs Lord then so be it, in which case I ask that U'd take all the sickness & bad side effects away from her body. Help her on the days when she feels weak &  bless her W/A strength that she didn't even think was possible. Help her body to be renewed as it was when she was first born, Fresh & New. Jesus Ur word says that Ur healing power never dies & it doesn't fail, so I'm asking that U'd heal Bec's body. U paid the price when U hung on that cross & shed Ur blood so that she doesn't have to. so I'm taking U @ Ur Word & I'm Thanking U for seeing that Ur word doesn't come back to U void. I ask these things in Jesus's name AMEN!
EAMON
You’re a beautiful beast you got this girl!!! Cancer should fear you. Sending you love from a cancer survivor myself 💕 f-cancer 😊
Ice chips in mouth during injections of certain chemo will stop inside mouth sores and blisters
Bec I was given Zofran thru my Port for nausea each time I went for chemo treatments.It was given to me while I was being prepped before the chemo drug was infused.The Zofran worked great.I never got sick to my stomach and I also never felt nauseous at all
Just came across your videos.  I enjoyed them immensely.  Keep them coming.  For those of us who can't travel, we live vicariously through you.  Lifting you both up in prayer for this challenging journey.  May God continue to bless you with good people in your life.
Thank you so much for sharing your story with all of us in such a raw and emotionally engaging way. You are so brave and inspiring!
God bless you.
this video is amazing but the snow is so pretty.And the snow was so crunchy.But bec you r strong and amazing and u can get thought anything.
Bec, you remind me so much of Karen Carpenter, you’re beautiful❤️
You both are so strong and inspiring - wishing you the best of luck with all that is to come and thank you for sharing this vulnerable side of you!!! Much love from Germany
Unfortunately cancer can happen to anyone, it doesn't need to run in the family.  I know many people who had cancer and it didn't run in the family.  It just sucks.  Stay strong Becca you are doing great. Many blessing from above.  Many hugs !!
Wishing you a speedy recovery
So proud of you Bec! You've got this  <3 so proud of you both.
LOVE, LOVE AND MORE LOVE TO YOU BOTH.🌍 FROM YOUR FRIENDS FROM AROUND THE WORLD💚
not even a minute in and i’m already crying
Keep You Hope!    So much love to you both.
Just found your channel ,will keep you both in my prayers ,God bless you .and never give up
I heard about you and your site from Trent & Allie. So sorry to hear that you are having to have chemo. YOU CAN DO HARD THINGS! you got this. Sounds like you are an amazing woman. Hang in there
I was just diagnosed today. My first biopsy was cleared but something in my gut told me something wasn’t right so I pushed to get the mass out. The pathology confirmed it was cancer & like you now I start my healing journey. I feel like you saved my life. Thank you for sharing your journey.
Beck and Emmon Love you both.   U are always in my prayers.   Take care.  Miss seeing you.
Bec, I'm 67 and I had breast cancer in 2018.  Double mastectomy, chemo, reconstruction, radiation, asked for a hysterectomy.  It's all good sweetie.  I wore scarves that coordinated with my outfits and got compliments from total strangers.  I had a very positive additude through the whole thing.  But I'll admit, losing my eyelashes and eyebrows was the hardest.  (Btw, this picture is old.  I now have salt and pepper color and a pixie cut which I love). Hang in there, life is wonderful.  I had a huge support system and so do you.
Hang in there, my wife is going through chemotherapy and radiation for a very aggressive uterine cancer. It’s a difficult journey but not everyday sucks. You’re so right to let people know that even with all the positivity, there are emotions that are overwhelming and physical stuff going on! Love your attitude!😊🇨🇦❤️
When I got chemo....I thought I could handle it. The third treatment I got very sick and couldn't get out of bed. All I can say Bec is take one day at a time and stay strong. It's a long process.....
I'm so sorry that you are going thru this. i have cancer also (liver cancer). I don't have to get chemo, but I do get monthly injections. my cancer is dormant, but my liver is filled with cancer so no surgery for me. I hope things get better for you and good luck on your recovery.
Just sending love , thinking of you both xx
I know you're probably getting a lot of advice but I thought I would mention this book that saved my sister when she went through chemo, "The Cancer-Fighting Kitchen" by Rebecca Katz with Mat Edelson , the recipe's are incredible. Holding out hope and good vibes for you.
🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
❤
🙏🙏🙏
STAY STRONG AND DIG DEEP I KNOW YOU CAN DO THIS AND MY AUNT HAS JUST GONE THROUGH THIS AND I KNOW YOU CAN DO THIS BECAUSE SHE DID STAY STRONG WE ARE ALWAYS HERE!!!! 💕💕
stay strong bec, dont be scared, WE R HERE FOR YOU! STAY STRONG
You're going to beat this! 🙏
Been a while since we’ve seen u guys! Hoping all is well for u both !! Thank u for sharing ur journey
You know dogs are of the angelic realm, don't ya?
Dr Joe Dispenza 💛
You are such a strong woman, and he is such an amazing support. ❤️ I hope this will be fast done for you two and that life will reward you with every day of laughter and health!!! Just stay strong dear woman! 🙏🙏🙏
You’re so brave. Stay strong and this will pass. Wish you the best and hope you return to adventuring soon!
Love to both of you! You are such a strong positive women! This cancer doesn't stand a chance
Could the hormones shots from the IVF cause too high Estrogen?
Sending Love and Healing Vibes.....wishing you love in your light and peace with your darkness Xx
Girl , you’re hair looks amazing, bangs, no bangs, long, bob it all looks great!
I am 45 years old, my first spouse passed of cancer in 1998 when he was 21  and 11 years later I was diagnosed with breast cancer at 32. Mindset is everything. Liquid sunshine is a perfect name. I recommend the gaia app and watching Heal.  Sending love and healing energy. 💕
Hey I didn’t watch the vid but I’ll leave this here. Cancer cells are “addicted” to iron. They can make you anemic if you have too many. One thing that you can take to eliminate iron outside your main circulatory supply is to take wormwood with black walnut. Wormwood is a 5,000 year old plant, not a drug; it is much safer than chemotherapy (although combination therapies exist) and results in almost no healthy cell death while outcompeting cancer cells for their growth source (iron). If I got cancer it is the first thing that I would take for two weeks. Also kills viruses. This is advice for family not an ad.
Sending you all my support from Greece . All will go well 🌸🌺
I can't imagine what you guys are going through. I will be praying for you. This too shall pass Bec and Emon.
i know you and your family and this community will always be with you throughout any adversity. We're super glad these videos have been around through your journey! Eamon is such a gem. :)
Fun Fact!: When the dogs were fighting, the reason he was sneezing so much is because when dogs are fighting they sneeze to show that they are playing.  You’re welcome
Man I wish I would have support like this if mine ends up being cancer. I’m gonna have to figure out how to do all of this alone while trying to continue full time work. I’m praying I’ll make it through. I’m not even sure if I’d be able to work full time after seeing how hard and how many struggles. One day at a time. One day at a time …
Sending light and love to you both.
I have really enjoyed your videos so far thankyou fir being so couragieous and for helping making us feel the love hat surround you both bless you
eat dandelion, cancer hates dandelion so will want to leave your body once dandelion arrives- good vibes sending for you!
I start my 1st chemo next week so I’m just behind you. Thank you for sharing. I eat organic as best I can and am vegan. I love your honesty and positive attitude. Your so right just focus on the little things 💚
You’re positivity is absolutely beautiful. Sending you loving and healing vibes bec. ❤️
I love bear.. He gives you so much energy.. God bless you both..
I love the term "liquid sunshine"❤️ such a positive outlook!
That’s a good pup.. you should keep him.
All thanks goes to Dr Momoh on YouTube for curing me from Cancer  I’m so much excited. He cures HPV, FIBROID.
I know that you’re doing a lot of stuff to help with your healing but I think it would be really good for you to read “Dying to Be Me” by Anita Moorjani idk why but I’ve been listening to this book and I just had to say something it’s such a good book Bec you truly are stronger than this even when it doesn’t feel like it 💗
It's taken me a while to get around to watching your journey, but I'm glad I have. One of my very close friend's Mom was diagnosed with Colon Cancer 2-3 years ago and her cancer is the kind where they can't do any more to get rid of it. The only thing they can do is have her do chemo to prevent the cancer from getting worse. It has been a very hard thing to see her go through this tragic thing, but she is doing it with grace and keeping her head as high up as possible. I have to give you props also Bec. You are trying to be so positive and look for the good in this terrible time. When you were on the phone and you said that it feels like you don't have any sense of control, that really hit me. Just thinking about what that must feel like pains me.   I just wanted to say thank you for sharing with us the good, the bad, and the ugly from this time in your lives. Thank you for helping me see some of the thoughts that come from the diagnosis. Wishing you all the best. You are in my thoughts and prayers.
I’m praying for you both and I’m hoping you get well soon you are such a stronger person and I know you can do this
You're strong
Wishing you lots of health. Are you sure of the diagnosis? Could it be a mistake?
Praying daily for you both ❤️❤️ You are loved
Sending prayers daily❤️
Be strong your in my prayers both of you guys
Bec xxx ur gona be ok xx i was thankful when we got to see ur red pee.. truly hahah love you guys
God bless u everything will be ok 👌
I haven't watched your channel in a while cause i have been helping my mother-in-law, dealing with her now that she's in hospice at our home. Im  see this video and im in shock, I'm praying 🙏 for you, you can beat this just stay 💪 strong. My mother-in-law had breast cancer over 20 years ago, she beat it. Now she has cancer in her blood, I  can't recall the name, its taken  toll on her.
Sorry to learn that you had breast cancer, it is a shit thing to go through.  I was got it at 34, lost a boob, as I had two other cancerous cells in my left boob, had my entire lymp system removed from my left side, fortnightly chemo for 4/5 months, I had the red goo which made my nose tingle.  I had the treatment on the thursday, mild nausea on the Friday and that was about it.  My white cell count did not go down, did not loose any weight.  I have now been cancer free for now 15 years.  Mine was hormone related and have yearly mammograms.  I had a breast reconstruction 5 years later only because I kept on losing my chicken breast.  You will beat this.
It's been a few years watching and loving you guys and feeling like we're coming on this journey with you is everything. You're both so strong and I can't thank you enough for your rawness. It's crazy to feel so connected and empathetic to people you've never met, but all my love goes out to you - and to people like you going through similar struggles.
So much love🙌🏼💜🙌🏼
Your so brave
Please check out soursop leaves and fruit... The leaves are 100x more powerful than chemo.. the fruit is 10000x more powerful. Mushrooms will help with chemo side effects.. I recommended soursop tea, chapparal,  black seed oil and blue butterfly pea flower to a friend with pancreatic cancer metastasis to liver.. hes taking chemo.. his scans are looking better!!
Having a dog can help.  Dogs are amazing.  I wish I could have one.
I pray that god Jesus Christ can give you peace and and know that he can do anything. Seek him  🙏🏼❤️🙏🏼
❤️
So proud of you Bec! You've got this  <3 so proud of you both.
❤ love you
I have been putting off watching the videos of your post-cancer diagnosis;  I knew it would be very hard to watch.  So proud of your Bec!  You got this.
I am so sorry for you. Chemo is not fun working on getting down to stage one myself. It does get better, I know when you say, but it will. Zening postive healing thoughts your way as you are a strong woman.
I have been through chemo treatment to   I had to get a bone marrow transplant  and the best advice I could give you it just stay positive it it every day and look at the little achievements in those days you got this girl just stay positive
stay strong bec and eamon. you are both an inspiration to me! this is such a vulnerable part of your life and i am thankful you chose to bring us with you in this journey. thank you! so proud of you!
I'm glad you are able to show this side of life to people. I know this has to be tough process but keep going. I hope you can grow close with God at such a time. He is and will be such a foundation in these tough times. I am praying for you guys! Keep on pushing! 💙
Keep grinding! The number one spot for online marketing P-R-O-M-O-S-M!!!
💛💛💛
Hi you two. Just a 27yo female here all the way from the Midlands in England. I've been watching you guys since trinity and I got my boyfriend on board in lockdown. I would like you to know that I've just had 5 minutes thinking about you, and your journey. I've sat here in the bathroom sobbing to myself because although I don't know you, I needed to let out my emotions because I just want to say, you're so inspiring as a person and this kind of stuff shouldn't happen to people like you. There are probably people all over the world touched by your journey, sobbing at the sight of a new video and the emotions it brings. If anyone has the tools to fight this it's you, but I'd like you to know my heart also aches for you and I'm rooting for you, love from England, grace xxx
God is good 🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
I’m constantly inspired and enthralled by you guys. I’m every emotion you could think of while watching your videos, been watching for a long time. Thank you
“My advice for the single ladies, find yourself a man that can cook”  Lmao lame ass advice
im so sorry to hear it but you will look  like a beaut anyways and hope your okay xx
It’s funny for we do not know each other but I think of you guys as family. Prayers and blessings.
Research stanislaw berzinsky
Stop the chemotherapy! Do you have a root canal????
Haha that’s your Bear voice Lol. We have a born blind no eyeballs dog and my husband does his voice as a British gentleman he is so funny haha. Ca USA
I Love you guys! This video really emphasizes how grateful we can still be during rough times🥺💗 You Guys are amazing really.
I'm going in any day for my tests an you are making the journey so much more easy ... I know I'm a Stanger but I love yea girl your amazing an kick some Cancer ass
My thoughts & prayers are with you both. May healing & strength be at your door on your journey. My significant other had cancer & sadly, I know how your feeling in this journey, sending love & healing light. 🤗🤗🤗❤️❤️🥰🥰🥰
Sending love too you both ❤️ from the UK x
Sending you so much love, light and positivity.  Thank for reminding me that in great adversity there can be gratitude.
Sending both of u so much love! You are so strong Bec <3 Im keeping u in my prayer <3
You showing your journey is inspirational , I’ve followed you guys since the creation of casa B , since I’ve gone through major similar health isssues with ivf and tumors/cancer . Seeing your positivity and ways of finding the great things in life everyday means the world to people like me . I know your angel is with you everyday WE ARE PROUD OF YOU ! Thank you Bec , and Eamon I know this can’t be easy for you either . You have so much support behind you both !!
Being diagnosed with Breast cancer has been a major loss of money and has caused major problems in my immune system, But when I came across Dr Ogoh on YouTube, after taking his herbal medication I was cured completely of cancer disease. Thanks to Dr Ogoh↕️
I heard you say that you lose a total sense of control and how you're always busy trying to eat and live healthy. Chemotherapy is hard enough as it is, but maybe you will find this information helpful. I'm very interested in diet as a medical doctor in the Netherlands, and I've read up on a study done here in the breast cancer centre in a city called Leiden. They've researched if intermittent fasting has any influence on the effectiveness of chemotherapy in breast cancer patients and preliminary results (in a small patient cohort) show that tumor shrinkage is significantly bigger in the women who fasted the day before receiving chemo. Another study done a while ago followed breast cancer patients for a period of 7 years who fasted during therapy and saw that recurrence rates are much lower in these women compared to the baseline data. Please note that I am no expert on the topic, nor is intermittent fasting as a therapy taken up in any guidelines (yet), you should definitely confer with your oncologist before starting this kind of diet/therapy. I did want to post this message however, because from personal experience with my loved ones I've seen how regaining a bit of control during 'regular' cancer treatment has helped them cope with the whole disease process. A positive, fighting spirit makes up half the treatment success in cancer I've heard say, keep it up!
I throw up so much. Don't feel bad. My husband ex wife takes most of my money. I raised their kids to be strong! Be strong! I choose immuno ve are like you. Immuno was our choice. Chemo took my sister. I don't care about my hair loss.
I think it’s really awful that you can’t even go into her appointments with her.  People need to stop with the Covid crap!!   It’s not like you aren’t with her 99% of the time, any cancer patient needs support, especially during appointments and I know when my dad had cancer, he was emotional and couldn’t focus well.  He counted on my mom to help listen during appointments.  Proud of you Bec, you are a warrior!
💕💕💕💕💕
💚💙
🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽
Have heaps of kale that will help Bec.
The two of your guys love hits me so hard. I feel the love you have is so big and amazing. I gets me in my emotions so hard lol love you guys so much
💖💖💖💖💖
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Wow Bec you are BEAUTIFUL. And Eamon what a beautiful partner you are. So inspirational you two.
Everything you choose and choose not to show us, we accept. We just want you to have a speedy recovery.
SUPPORT GROUPS ADVICE: have someone you are close to join some online caregivers support groups (Facebook is good). You will learn so much from the caregivers and patients that have gone through this before. So much more than the Drs will ever tell you. Questions you would never think to ask. But don't do that yourself Bec. Not until you are almost through it. Because you will also see all the scary things others have gone through that you probably won't but all that extra possible bad stuff could give you anxiety. So you need someone else to gather that good information but that can weed through the negative stuff being shared. But it's important to know this stuff too so if it happens you know what to expect and if you should panic and ask your Dr right away at 3am or say it's ok this is normal, we can email them in the morning or discuss at the next appointment.   You will do great, it will be hard but you can do this. And be a great inspiration for everyone else at the same time. That's pretty amazing! Both of you are.
Hey guys , Kevin here from Australia. Thinking of you both. My ex partner had breast cancer and i think it might be the same or very similar to yours as she had the red Devil and lost all her hair too. It is sad that such beautiful souls have to go through this crap. Keep your chin up , there is a light at the end of the tunnel. My ex is now 9-10 years post cancer and she is as good as she ever was.  I am an old softy , i get upset everytime you do when i'm watching your vids. So stay strong for each other and you WILL come out the other side. Love you guys ... Kevin.
I'm praying for you guys!! I lost my father to cancer when I was very young and watching your treatment journey brings tears to my eyes knowing that my father went through some of the same things, you are going to recover and me stronger than you eve thought you were, the best thing to do is to start a journal and write all the things you are grateful for everyday!!! You are so effing strong I'm so proud, even if I've only watched for a short while I'm still so proud and I know your family is too and they will be with you every step if the way!!!❤
Sending you both hugs.  ♥️♥️
💗💗💗
Bec sugar also feeds cancer. Not sure if it helps but grain turns to sugar in our stomachs.
I'm really sorry that you are experiencing this. 💗 You asked why you have had this happen when you eat so well and exercise, etc... and it's probably because we are surrounded by toxic stuff in everything that is around us.  Your eating is wonderful, but even organic food has flaws in our country and our homes are literal chemical nests.  Between the plastics everywhere, paints, synthetic everything, processed foods, modern medicine (look up who has paid the highest fines for crimes against humanity), female birth control (even fertility treatments), cosmetics, air pollution, water pollution, etc... we are all a part of a big business science experiment.  I think it's beautiful that instead of thinking about the why's (especially when you were trying your best- which is all that we can do) you are focusing on the moment and healing.  Sending light and love.  💖💖💖
Your healed in Jesus name. Eamon your are such a trooper. Your the kind of mate all women dream of. I know you have your down time so please take care of you too. Bec you are a rockstar. May God bless you both and continue to carry you through this season of your journey. Love to you both always.
I’m a stage three colon cancer survivor and I think you need to hear all the inspirational stories that are out there. I am eight years cancer free… you got this fight like a girl kick ass. I really think this dog was sent to you to get you through the hard time he’s such a sweet boy.
You both are an inspiration, thank you so much for everything that you do❤️ And thank you Beck for sharing your journey it is doing so much for a lot of people🥰 Sending all my love and positivity your way🧿
You story is so moving, thank you for being so brave to tell it 💕💕
So beautiful, raw, and real.  Thank you for sharing this emotional and physical journey with all of us.  I have taken a bladder medication in the past that made my urine turn blue as well as hair thinning, it was so freaking weird.  I hope all of your treatments go as well as possible.  Take it one treatment at a time, one day at a time, one moment at a time. I love your positive framework around the “Liquid Sunshine,” so do the same with the time.  I can see your positive energy and hope you feel it coming back to you tenfold.
Ya'll are both rockstar's. Love and prayers
Sending light and love from Sonoma County, CA
Thank you for sharing. I’m sure it’s both cathartic and emotional to share but I believe it’s so important for people to see this sort of content. For those going through similar experiences, for those with loved ones experiencing it, but also for everyone else, so we can be aware of how cancer affects people, so we can be thankful for the science and medical professionals who treat this disease, so we can be grateful for our healthcare system (broken though it may be) and that you can worry about your health and not the bills. Thanks, Bec. We’re all rooting for you.
You are both beautiful, strong people and are providing such a wonderful service to other, through your channel.  I truly feel that some of the hardest challenges we encounter in life can end up becoming (or leading to) some of the most incredible gifts down the road.  Xo
🙏🙏🙏.
The only answer I could finally allow to make sence in my head at 37 when I went through all this was my genetics nurse explained an said these 2 words..it's nothing we did.. it's possibly not genetic even.. it's my own "GENETIC FLAW" 🥺😭.... IM 10 years breast cancer free now an living to watch my children as young adults an I'm now a new grammy of my first grandson.... my life is well an urs will be to momma this will one day be a memory ❤💪👑
Oso came at the perfect time! There is nothing better than snuggles from a furry friend to help you through tough times! Prayers for you all from Atlanta, GA.
Keep going bud ❤️ Future Bec 5 months from now is so proud of you and cheering on present Bec ❤️❤️❤️
The body is always fighting off killers . And even the body can malfunction and try to kill itself! The body evolved to make it 30 years. How many of us would not be here without modern medicines such as antibiotics and Proven Vaccines? 40%
My heart goes to Eamon and Especially you Bec, thank for allowing me to go through this journey with you,  your strength, and you guys love is extremely amazing.  I am definitely keeping you in my heart and prayers...
Thank you sooooo much. My daughter starts chemo next week for stage 4 endometrial cancer, and this video has helped her more than anything else. She's watched it so many times. She says everything you said is exactly how she feels. ❤️❤️
Sweet girl...continued prayers for you and Eamon.  I saw Nate and Kara's video this morning...and how disappointed they are that they weren't able to come to Canada to see you.  I know you had to be equally disappointed.  So even extra prayers for you. Hope they can come soon.  Be strong.  Keep the Faith.  God is watching over you. Love you guys soo much
You guys eat way healthier than I do but if you're tring to figure out what it is that caused the cancer, could it possibly be lack of sleep?  Dunno your guy's sleep schedule but being a youtuber myself and having a full time job, sleep is one of the things that gets overlooked. Many days, I'm editing and the next thing I know it's 4am and have to work at 9 the next morning. Hope you feel better and get well soon.
Just wanted to drop a note to my fav youtubers that i am thinking of you Bec, Eamon as well! Sending hugs! 💕
Hi guys thought I,d just check in as your obviously having a break from uploading since we saw this video hope you see this and are doing well under the circumstances, hugs guys ❤
Still thinking about you guys and continuing to wish you well through this slog.... :)
Honestly, I'm not here to judge, but the fact that you put a product placement in a spot where you're talking about not being able to support Bec in the hospital while she's going through chemo kinda took me for surprise. Especially considering you're promoting a health food in a video about cancer.. just feels kinda gross.
Sending you guys prayers and positive thoughts with a big cyber hug on top🥰💕💕
You are in my prayers, 🙏🏻
Hope you’re doing okay. 💜 Miss you guys.
Having prayer for you guys
Lifting you both up in Jesus name!
Oh, lord, do I remember that cherry Koolaid going into my veins. Wicked stuff—and I remember the nurse telling me to put the lid down on the toilet when I flushed until I quit peeing pink, because the stuff could become airborne and if it gets on skin it can burn.  A) that’s creeped me out about keeping my toothbrush in the bathroom ever since, and B) don’t you wonder about the people who first thought they should shoot something like that into a person’s vein?  But I’ll tell you—it is a tried and true treatment.  I had it in 2001, and I’m cancer-free today.  So hang in there. You will get through this, and you’ll be glad you did it.  And by the way—the next treatment might be easier.  Each time it’s different.  My 2nd and 3rd treatments were actually much easier than the first.  The last one was a little rougher, but it was OK because I knew it WAS the last.    And BTW, I had hair down to my bum when it all started—losing it was awful, but in the end, worth it. Just be prepared—when your appearance changes, it makes it all even more real.  You WILL get through it, and be so much more confident in your own strength on the other side.  And Eamon, you take care of yourself too—and talk to someone about what YOU are dealing with . I’ve been the patient, and I’ve been the loved one supporting the patient.  In some ways the latter is harder—as the patient I never felt as helpless as I did as the caregiver.  Take time to de-stress every day. Get some rest and do things that you enjoy—take breaks when you need to and don’t feel guilty about it. Self care for you is just as important—this is part of being there for Bec.  I’m so sorry you guys had to join the club.  Sending good thoughts.
Following your moments have been emotional feelings. I had many friends and relatives going through different challenges, but yes health hardships. Two dear friends in the same as your treatment and my relatives in many others which put them and me in the same feelings as yours. You are so blessed having your loving relatives next to you, love ❤️ and care do make miracles happen. My experience in helping and been close to my relatives, my mom being the closest, was due to my faith in my Father who helped us in keeping peace and faith in our minds and hearts. You do have this marvelous personality which is being such a positive and sweet personality adding your active working. So yes in my heart and prayers for a positive procedure in your treatment. And also for your loving companions who has been a gift 🎁 of ❤️ love for you.
Very mixed emotions following your days. Having relatives and friends going through such moments, not only with the cancer treatment, any health problems do have their hard feelings and treatments. But you have been doing your best having your relatives as well . You do have a wonderful personality which does heals you going through the treatment events. But one thing that really helped me helping mom in her problem with the heart problem was my feeling of having the Lord in our heart comfort and piece. In my praias for you as well. You do have love around you
Sending 💕 to you Bec
my wife went through this in 2018 I wish she would just had surgery she had a double macestomy no reconstructive.  red devil may cause cancer as well -be careful be your own advocate doctors are phshing poison to kill the cancer cells.  i do wish you well and pray for your healing.  God bless
Fighting with every problem  ... i will encourage you from another side of our same world . 💝✌  . Thailand
Stay strong bec 🥺💖 my prayers are with you guys 🤗
It breaks my heart to see you dealing with this! I was sick about 10 years ago. Diff diagnosis and diff type of treatment but similar sickness. Lost half of my hair. Etc… I don’t know if this will help you but for some reasons baths really helped me with the nausea. I never liked them prior to being sick but for some reason floating in the water really helped. It was the only place the nausea eased up and I would imagine the universe washing my sickness away with the water as I drained the tub. It helped me a lot to visualize the sickness leaving my body. Also, I found these cocoa butter and vitamin E lotion bars at the grand Wailea hotel in Maui spa and had them send me a bunch and they helped so much with the skin dryness, irritation, etc. idk why but those lotion bars worked great for me. I’m sending you lots of love and light
Anymore updates? :( Praying for you Bec!
From Morocco  🇲🇦  all the love
So HER2 positive and double mastectomy without reconstruction. Wish i could understand what i need to do from here. Treatment at this time is anastrozole and high dose vitamin D2. Good luck to you. Stay strong.
A book that helped my family deal my mom’s cancer was When Bad Things Happen to Good People By Harold S. Kushner.
You got this 👊 👍 👊👍👊👍👊👍🥰🥰🥰❤❤
Praying for y'all!
Eamon and Becks, sending you both my prayers.. everyday I light a little candle for Becks. Just keep going Becks , your a very strong positive girl.  My heart aches for you both. Miss you both 💙💖🙏 Vivien from England xx
Just wanted to let you know I'm sending good vibes your way.  Because you got this your strong healthy and have a great support crew. FIGHT LIKE A GIRL!!!
Sending so much love and prayers to you!! 💛 You will beat this! Appreciate your transparency- that’s rare to see on YouTube nowadays ☀️
Wishing you strength to get through this chapter. Be kind to yourself ❤️
I sure hope you know guys how we are all praying for you.  I hope you are holding up Bec because you are going to get thru this!  I hope you have some good times while going thru all this. We love you and miss you so much!!!!!!!
❤️
Has your doctor recommended CAR-T therapy
I miss you and your smile. I’m looking at old videos as a result.  I admit that I too went through this. I had just been married - 2 mos and I found a weird bump. My husband is ( retired now) WAS a surgeon and was on the phone so fast making arraignments. He knew… this has brought back so much I forgot about. I remember that no matter how much I spent on a wig(s), I still didn’t recognize the person in the mirror. Being I was just married this was really difficult. I also dreaded telling people because no one wants pity their way. However, it was 2014 and today it’s a faint memory. I think of you daily and am so thankful for all the love and support you have. I know you’ll be back stronger then ever and I look forward to that. In the mean time just know that you’re loved and missed but I hope you’re just sleeping through this time.  Xxxx b🌱🌱🌱
I feel so much for you both. I went through the same thing with my husband. Your both are very special couple. Much love sent to you both.
Are you not taking steroids? I had the very exact treatment and if I took my steroids on time before and after treatment, I never got sick.  Everyone is different but it's very dangerous to be vomiting.  Take your steroids on time.  Just an FYI.  Nobody should be sick from chemo if the meds are taken on time.
Stay strong.
I am so sorry for the unfortunate news. I hope God reveals himself to you both during this hard time. Keep going strong!
We are Ukrainian-Americans and are doing everything in our power to help Ukrainians on the ground and you can help! People are constantly asking us how they can practically help. These are the words from people on the ground, "blankets and crackers are great, but we really need bullet proof vests right now"  Follow us on IG: @ZandLilu for more details.
So courageous and INSPIRING, so truthful, no sugar coating, I'm sending you and Eamon energy , good vibes & strong wishes of love & concern...but also taking strength from the both of you of how we should approach life with our loved ones who care for us...Take care...🎵🎵😎🎵🎵
Much love and strength
How is Bec doing? Wishing both of you strength and courage during this challenging time.
Bec, I said a prayer for you tonight. I prayed for healing, health and sunshine and light for you. Try to stay as positive as you can.  Prayers for Emon for strength and patience .  Love and hugs for you both.✌👍❤
Love you guys!! Stay positive!! A positive outlook is the best thing for you! You guys are always so positive and happy in your videos. Watching them makes me feel better every day. I love you guys and you’re in my thoughts and prayers.
Praying for yall to beat this! <3 yall!
I think its important to remember that "organic" doesn't mean "Chemical free". Agent Orange can be considered "organic" because its made of oranges
OMG . . Is this real? You are two of the most courageous people I have ever known. I know the Lord is with you because you acted so quickly. Not everyone does that even though they should. Your followers are with you and you will prevail. Amen 🙏🙏🙏
Praying for you. You might want to research  ingesting soy and its link to breast cancer. There are mixed reviews. In the past, it was thought that eating soy increased risk. The current guidance has pulled back on that thought saying eating soy could be beneficial; however, science is changing all the time. Look into it and decide for yourself if cutting soy from your diet would be a good choice for you. Praying for complete healing.
Have you guys come across Kris Car's crazy sexy serious? She cured herself of cancer with alot of natural solutions
I feel like it is very good for y'all to have the cabin during this tough time. It has be a relief to come home to you home base and have the space and resources that you need during this time. Your not having to be cramped in the van while you're sick and emotional about everything and you're not staying with your parents in their home. You have you own place that you don't have to worry about refilling water tanks and  finding places to park. I just think that is a blessing for yall.
that's great to see positive journey.... be enjoy your time and mental health.
Pray and for you to guys. And following you for a long time
Bec, you are so strong, even in your weakest moments. I’m so thankful you have Eamon, he won’t let you fall to far down the rabbit hole. You have love and grace and that is such a gift! Could u imagine not having either of those things or being alone? Take care love, we are on this journey with you and send you a constant stream of love
Praying today for you both, you are often on my mind as you journey into the unknown. All I can think is “Courageously they go forth!” May God Bless you and keep you!
Wow! You guys are just incredible!  Sending all the love to you x
This is such a hard hill to climb.  It is known that soy based products stimulate oestrogen production which in turn can cause cancer.  Good luck.  This is tough.
Bec, sending you all the love I'm capable of
💕🙏
You both are in my prayers as you continue with this journey of healing. Sending you my love and support. ❤️
bec you can do it! be proud of your achievement, love, strength and endurance every day. The body and soul can do much more than you can imagine. have faith and take one breath at a time. Best wishes
Hi Bec, have you spoken with your doctor about cold cap therapy during chemo? It enables you to keep your hair instead of shedding your entire head of hair and having to deal with hair loss on top of everything else.
Although it's impossible to pinpoint any habit of her lifestyle that could cause cancer, I would be holding back if I didn't say that her vegan diet may be a part of what caused this. Perhaps she eats the same thing for most of her calories and as a result doesn't have a broad enough diet to prevent deficiencies. People haven't been vegan for very long and this could mess up her biology as a human. While it is an ethical attempt to be vegan, it may not be the right way for humans to live a long life. Then again there may be vegans who live long healthy lives, and this jumps out to me as something that she could change her life. Best of luck
We miss you and love. Our thoughts and prayers are with you and your family. You are so precious and sweet and so much a part of our lives. LY be you so much. Joe and Penny
Becs I’m a Nurse/ Reiki practitioner not on the clinical on the side any more,  I work mostly now as a geriatric health advocate in home, I think you are handling you health journey absolutely perfect you are handling all of your thoughts realistically I’m processing them as they come. I love that you’re not getting too involved in any cancer forums online it can really take you down a deep dark hole everybody’s journey is individual because everybody’s mind space is individual, healing comes from our mind and our soul, The healing comes from healthy positive thoughts negative always brings dis - ease in the body.  All food, liquids etc. That  pass through your lips orally..... take a minute & bless it before it enters your body as blessed healing nutrition.  This is so important, Love your body every day no matter what. Everybody has their personal choices on this I have seen some amazing outcomes with the use of CBD pacifically Rick Simpson oil.  I send all of my positive thoughts on your healing journey you are so lucky to have an amazing support system. Blessings love and light! k💝💐👑🧘🏻‍♂️
Eamon & Bec, as my week came to a close, my thoughts went to you guys.  I pray all is well and know that we are thinking of you...sending hugs and healing vibes!
Sending my love hoping and praying this treatment was easier for Bec.  Hang in there this too will pass please God.
Look into dr. Robert Morris  🙏
What kind of dogs do you have?
I’ve been watching your adventures since the pandemic. Now I’ll watch to send my support through this journey. ❤️
Watching for updates & thinking of you....
You are incredible Bec!! ❤
Hi guys what do the athletic greens do?🙏🙏🙏🇳🇿🇳🇿🇳🇿🇳🇿
I wish you all the best!❤️ you both are so strong and positive, you can do anything!🍀🍀
I wish I could come up from San Francisco and hug your troubles away.  I'm sending love and hugs your way.  Eat as much as you are hungry for and load on the calories when you can, so on the bad days you have enough body fat to carry you through when you aren't hungry.  You are both amazing.  I know it's scary and really tough.  We are all keeping positive thoughts and prayers for you both.  🙏 ❤❤❤  P.S Try to give up caffeine as it increases sensitivity to pain, as told to me by my radiologist post-experiencing pain from mammograms.
Love you guys !! Thoughts and prayers to all the gang ❤️❤️❤️
sending lots of love and good vibes❤️
I love you so much, and am sending you just so much light and healing and surrounding your body in a warm blanket of white light. You guys bring so much joy to us, i hope we can send even just a little bit of that back to you
Praying 🙏🏻❤️
Praying for you Bec, you got this girl!!! You’re strong and you have so many people behind you and with you. LOVE YALL!!❤️❤️
I had to step away from your vlog for awhile  It is so heart breaking to see you two go through this sickness .ugh My prayers 🙏🏼are with you. Your just too young to have this challenge much prayers and may God put His healing hands upon you and make you all better ❤️🙏🏼🇨🇦❤️
prayers prayers prayers
Hi Bec.......just sending you good vibes and love. I hope you and Eamon are hangin tough!!! 🥰🤬💗❣🤍
Oh Wow the red pee, epirubicin? I remember same after effects, the sickness and chemo brain after! 7years later I am still here after chemo and radio and lumpectomy! You go girl, you got this!!xxxx
Just checking in, how are you both doing?
there are some of us that are constantly sending you strength and prayers and happy thoughts....YOU GOT THIS!!!  ....another hurdle in life to get over....
Hi I just found your channel. I am a breast cancer  warrior 🎀! I am still fighting and thanking God for his grace. I will pray for you sending up love my sista.
Hello. Just recently found your channel. I am so sorry you have to go through this. I had stage 3a in 2016 with treatments. You can do this!  Stay hydrated. Zofran, compazine help with nausea. Peace and prayers
Just sharing a perspective -  from a metaphysical anatomy angle, cancer is related to "a fear of loosing control". The area/organ in which cancer unfolds point us towards the type of fears we need to work on. Woking on the fear may release the "stuck" energies and help you rewire the way your energy is flowing in you body. "Bad luck" or "genetic predisposition" can be scary labels (and not real answers in my humble opinion) that generate impotence becase "what can I do about that? right?". There is more to our emotional and psychomental anatomy that influences how our genetic heritage "expresses" itself. They say more cancer is related to genetic expression rather than predisposition. in other words, by working on the subtle energies that precede the physicality of the cancer we can begin to adjust the way our genes express within the life we create. Much love and supporting Lilac Rays, you both are outstanding warriors!
11 days since you posted. It must be a bad week. We are all giving you hope Bec.
Ask the doctors if they would do chemo and see what they say. And, mindfulness means that you are aware of the energies in your body and how your thoughts are built. Just goes to show that the new age movement is lacking and we all need to go deeper. But, as so many say, chemo is slash and burn $ industry, It is simply not an option. This tells me you need to go deeper.
Yes you two. Sending love from the heart. Sheffield UK. We love your channel. You will beat it Bec. We love you both ok. Vegan for life. ❤️👀
Research turkey tail mushrooms!! They work wonders in conjunction with chemotherapy. Sending love and prayers your way!
Sending big healing hugs.
You are doing so well. I cant imagine how u must feel going back for the 2nd one. Im sure younwill be just fine. Praying for you always. Eamon is always there fornyou and your dog is just the most affectionate ever xxx stay well bec
I just wanted to let you guys know I’m thinking about you & sending prayers ❤️🙏🏼 every day!!!
I'm so sorry you are having to go through this. You are a strong, healthy woman with a wonderful, positive attitude and I am sure you will pull through this with flying colors. Who knows why beautiful, healthy people like yourself get cancer. Focus on kicking it in the butt and all will be good! Prayers and love to you both!
God bless you beautiful soul❤👐
☮️&❤️
❤️
when will you guys move back in the van
You got these keep up the hard work  you  Got these I believe I you
Are you on your fourth treatment?  I  hope all is well with you.
Bec I wish you the best in getting through this!
Been watching your channel for a little over a year now & want to say how inspirational you both are! I'm in Toronto so this hits close to home <3 sending love and good vibes your way, thank you for being you and for sharing this difficult but learning journey - we love you Eamon & Bec <3
Stay strong I now you can do it I am so proud of you guys ❤️❤️❤️❤️ keeping you in my prayers
Bec you are an inspiration and I hate that your going through this! 😢😘❤️‍🩹
Keep going, praying for you.
Eamon I love you man. I hope n pray that all goes well with Bec.. God bless you man. God bless you...
Thinking of you. My sister in law just got diagnosed with stage 4 breast cancer. Treatment 4 times a week. I pray for you both. I hope the sunshine helps you both. You are so strong ❤️
Have Eamon and Bec stopped vlogging? Does any one know? Thanks
I feel so much love for you both!  Good luck team!  🌹
Know that your fans and Youtube followers are keeping you Bec and Eamon in our thoughts and prayers during this challenging time in your lives. I can't imagine how hard these next few weeks will be for you, but we're all collectively sending you prayers and warm wishes. Stay Strong.
Seeing you with Oso makes my heart so happy!! 🥰
Your love shines so brightly! 💗 I honor your process of living and dealing with your circumstances! ☺️ I admire your inner strength! 💪 Bec… your eyes look even bigger and more beautiful with short hair! 👁  🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
So proud of you guys for staying so strong!! You will get through this!
Bec the short hair looks so cute on you!!
Hoping the liquid sunshine continues to make you shine Bec! You are glowing as always and we are sending positive vibes your way! Eamon- thinking about you today! Hope you feel the support from us - thanks for all you do for Bec and being such a rock for the community <3
Hello Bec, first off you are super brave. I had my breast cancer diagnosis in February 2021. During AC drink tons of fluids. Starch foods help the nausea. Also a brand called Wuzy makes an all natural cream for nausea you can find it on Amazon.  Sending you healing thoughts and prayers
Boxes are definitely a game changer.
Thinking of you and hoping you are doping well ♥️💖🌈🌟 We love youuuuu!!!
I'm sending this link in hopes it may offer some additional support on your journey. Chris Wark is offering his 10 module Square One course that he used to heal cancer free for 10 days and it resonates with me (retired nurse/fellow Kingstonian) so have felt compelled to send it to you in case you were not familiar. You can of course adopt his methods while continuing your current treatment. The e-mail I received is as follows: "I am so excited to share the information that saved my life with you over the next 10 days. So buckle up and get your pen and pad ready! :) Watch SQUARE ONE Module 1 here:  https://squareone.chrisbeatcancer.com/first-things-first Module 1: First Things First will completely change the way you think about cancer and give you a solid foundation to start your healing journey. :) This is what I share with every coaching client in the first hour we spend together.  Here's what you're going to learn:  - What cancer really is  - Cancer stats you've never heard that will blow your mind - How to adopt the Beat Cancer Mindset - The two most important questions you must ask yourself - How to overcome fear and doubt - How to build a support system  - The importance of making plans for the future  - How to enjoy your life and your healing journey - And more! Watch Module 1 here now:  https://squareone.chrisbeatcancer.com/first-things-first (If you have any trouble with the links, copy and paste them into your browser) *Module 1 will be live for 24 hours, then Module 2 starts tomorrow night (March 2nd) at 9pm EST. I’ll see you there! Chris p.s. If you love it, please share it! :)"
So proud of you guys and your positivity in such tough times. Praying for y'all for strength and healing!
Bec, PLEASE  research 528HZ Solfeggio Frequency. Everything is affected by energy, vibrations & frequencies.
I don’t understand why people are not researching the cure for cancer. It’s already available. This form of treatment is the most horrific possible. On a massive scale people want to suffer. This comment will make people’s head spin I know. But think about how are lives are right now. Cancer, heart disease are at an all time high. Why? It’s not the luck of a draw. It’s intentional and people just go along with it. Time to care for each other. I want total freedom for humanity. Full disclosure for our race, the human race. Together united with Creation, please.
i haven't been watching your videos for couple of months now, and seeing your journey with cancer and ivf made me cry, im so proud of you guys and i hope this ends and you'll be back to better life experience you deserve all the best and i hope that this experience will make you stronger as a couple and teaches you something because it surely does,,  thank you for sharing your full experience to everyone it will help people who goes into the same experience mentally that they are not alone in this
Dylan and delia  chatwin on YouTube she has the same kinda cancer and is going through 5 month chemo thought it might help u n also give u more support.  Love u guys
Hii i am from germany, and i just want to say thank u to be that strong. You are amazing. Wish u all the best!!!
👍
Y know its like watching you be so honest is what the world needs and I feel as  you share with the world that energy comes back to you both.   I do hope you feel it.
hugs and love to you guys praying for you LOVE LOVE to you both
I am praying for you and look forward to watching you win this battle. You are so brave and I think it is so awesome that you are letting us join your journey. In the past I turned away from anything to do with any and all illnesses but I find it interesting to know what a cancer patient goes through, I did not know that you pee red after chemo and even though you thought it might be tmi, it is good to know
Sending prayers and love
Cancer and fairness seem like it should be a thing. But,no. One of my best, most athletic, smart, patient, person has ALS, The most wonerful person you wish you would know, Why not Putin? I dont get it. Sending love to you.
Both of my parents had cancer. My mom had colon cancer and has been cancer free for almost 4 years! I thank God everyday for her and her good health. My dads was a little more serious, he had stage 4 esophageal cancer, he was given 3 months left but by the grace and never ending love of God and his miracles at times he lived for 14 months with NO pain. Im starting a google doc on my POV of a girl having both parents have cancer before I even turned 20. I definitely understand your fears and hurt more than most. Yall are in my prayer list and I will continue to pray for yall to get through this! I love yall and can't wait to see how you do!
I send you hugs and the best vibes, always! We are here for you. You both got this
Bec has the most infectious spirit I have ever seen. And watching the love between you two is amazing. Sending love and light
Stay positive and strong, you two. Really nice you are not alone in all this. I hope you will respond accordingly to what is expected from the treatments. I wish you a speedy recovery. But sure, you need time….  All the best to you both from Norway 🇳🇴
Sending healing light to you both!
I just can't get you two beautiful souls out of my mind so, I'm doing what I always do when this happens, and sending you my love and encouragement and warm Christian greetings and blessings, for your continuing journey, against this cursed disease. I know lots of folk are praying for you, for an amazingly speedy healing and associated recovery, as am I. I also have seen that, together, you two are formidable! Be formidable for yourselves and for each other, too! Just onto another tack, how's your fabulous foster doing? Do you think you'd ever keep him?
❤️❤️🐾
hopeful for your healing, Bec!
so proud of you guys love ya!
I love y’all’s energy ❤️
So much love to you guys....Eamon I hope you get rest too caregiving is very exhausting....but stay strong and try to always find the happy it hard to find sometimes but it's there....oh and never fear reinforcements K&N are on the way
Me and my other half have been watching your content for about 2 years now, we love you both and will always support you every step of the way :) <3 You guys are just awesome human beings, for creating such a kind community, you guys are so strong and we are all so proud of you. I was a young girl when I watched one of my aunts go through stomach cancer, and then watching my great aunt painfully go through chemo for stage 4 ovarian cancer. I've always wondered there being a way to elevate the mind, conscience, soul/spirit, perception etc or there having to be natural substances out there with healing properties. Finding this ever growing positive research on the guided use of medicinal psilocybin, mycelium, and other magical healing properties of mushrooms that aren't just psychedelic and can be incorporated into cooking. The recorded effects are just absolutely remarkable as there are hundreds of different types of mushrooms with many different types of medicinal benefits to humans. I just really wanted to share this information with you, if you guys are ever in the mood, I really suggest watching this documentary "Fantastic Fungi" on Netflix, as well as checking out the amazing research on the extraordinary healing properties of mushrooms in cancer patients who are also undergoing cancer treatment, I'm dropping some links below for you guys.  https://www.mdanderson.org/cancerwise/can-medicinal-mushrooms-help-during-cancer-treatment.h00-159460056.html#:~:text=Some%20studies%20show%20mushrooms%20boost,is%20helpful%20for%20cancer%20patients.%E2%80%9D  https://www.cancer.gov/about-cancer/treatment/cam/patient/mushrooms-pdq  https://stramcenter.com/blog/blog-detail/mushrooms-breast-cancer-support/  Google Scholar will give you guys direct scholarly research articles from any type of academic journals, and typing in keywords such as; mushrooms/breast cancer/effects/ and a geographical location will narrow or broaden your searches.    Sending you both love, light, and positive vibrations <3
Sorry I couldn’t watch this one (personal cancer trauma) just know there are many people out here that love what you share on your journey this one I just couldn’t. Wish you and e man and family strength 💪🏻
You’ve got this beautiful, Ive just come back to this video to say thinking of you xx
You are so strong.
I am so moved by you both! What you’re going through is so difficult, but the true love you have for each other is so beautiful and it’s clear that together, you can get through it. Sending so much love to you! Get well soon, Bec ❤️
I’m thinking of you in this new week. Hope your second treatment is going better than first. You are a warrior!!!  😇😇😇❤️😘
Beck your hair looks cute in the interim short hairdo. I hope you are having a peace filled day today.  Much love. ❤️
I am happy I was able to get to you #drosuma cause your herbs helped me eliminate the cancer
Don't worry, everything will be alright, god bless you... love you both... 😊😊😊
Bec you are always in our thoughts and prayers. Hopefully you both are doing good. Patiently waiting for your next video.
Sending respect, admiration, love and healing energy. Sharing your journey probably isn't the easiest but I think it will help people going through this ❤️❤️❤️
Absolutely love you Eamon and bec do you have a p.o box so I can send you both Something from north Wales I know you've been here and climbed Snowdon xx
Prayers and love to y'all ur doing a great job bec ur hair looks amazing all the positivity own the planet wishes u well keep up the great work appreciate y'all from FL with love 🌞
I don't know what to think about the sponsorship in the middle of treatment, sounds out of place and exploitative.
I'm your fan from Philippines..i love u guys....i am praying for your fast recovery😘😘🙏fighting💪❤😘
My wife and I are long time subscribers and both thinking of you from afar. as you go through this.  Good thoughts your way!!!
Dear Eamon and Becks I know it is much to ask you in  such difficult time you are currently experiencing however if you are able to help  I/WE would highly appreciate  your kindness and platform you have to spread awareness. There is a huge war in Ukraine. Putin is bombarding  country whiteout  reason. I am Polish we have thousands and thousands  mothers with kids crossing our border  daily looking for safety. All mans are in Ukraine not allowed to leave country. i AM PLEADING please make noise about this , the more pressure there is on governments to help Ukraine the less people will die. Russian people are not aware what Putin is doing they are shield from western info and being fed daily with Putins propaganda. Please talk about it if possible to make aware people. Thank you with all my heart.
Dear Eamon and Becks I know it is much to ask you in  such difficult time you are currently experiencing however if you are able to help  I/WE would highly appreciate  your kindness and platform you have to spread awareness. There is a huge war in Ukraine. Putin is bombarding  country whiteout  reason. I am Polish we have thousands and thousands  mothers with kids crossing our border  daily looking for safety. All mans are in Ukraine not allowed to leave country. i AM PLEADING please make noise about this , the more pressure there is on governments to help Ukraine the less people will die. Russian people are not aware what Putin is doing they are shield from western info and being fed daily with Putins propaganda. Please talk about it if possible to make aware people. Thank you with all my heart.
Please search about cutting sugar and MOST important about eating one meal at day!!!
you're so amazing bec. I love you for sharing your journey, you're doing amazing. keep going. <333333333
I have jusr completed the five months that you have to go through. Thank you for sharing, I laughed and cried with you. You have the best attitude and  are doing amazing.  It is tough, but you're not alone in this.
❤
Bec I was thinking of going bald for you (B4B), but my wife said the little bit of hair i have wouldn't be noticeable. Still its the thought that counts and our thoughts are with you and Eamon!
My cousin had breast cancer and beat its ass! You can do it Bec!
Goodluck eamon and bec. ❤️
Check out sweet wormwood/artemesinin etc.
I think of you often Bec. I still don’t know what’s wrong with me but I am starting to regain energy. I had a PET scan so no cancer so far. Every time I thank God for not being in a worse situation I say a prayer for you. I am sending good energy and putting a white light around you. Eamon you are a great husband and a darn good cook!!
Bec you're so brave sharing this! I can't wait for months down the line for your cancer free video! You got this! ❤
Eamon, I don't know if you are already doing this, but stop using oil on your salads, that goes for olive oil, vegetable oil, seed oil are poison. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7kGnfXXIKZM&t=87s
Hugs from the screen.
I have cancer... but please buy this product that we are selling!
As someone who's parent has been doing chemo on and off for several years something he says to me is 'you are stronger than you realize'. He gets so sick but knows it's for something better on the other side. You're so strong and your light will keep shining.
Sending Power to You Bec. Health vibes from AZ, USA.
Just checking back and wishing you well and strength in the journey !  and you too Eamon !
Sending prayers this news breaks my heart
You've got this Bec.  You have an amazing spirit and positive attitude.  Thank you for sharing your journey.  Sending Love,positive energy and healing thoughts to you and Eamon.
I am interested in purchasing your cook books. How do I go about doing so?
Love you guys so much!! Sending all the love and joy your way!!
U r the 1st comment iv left on a vlog...Bec is such a ray of sunshine...I was just recently diagnosed with stage4 terminal breast cancer (2nd time around) thank u for putn up ur vlog during ur liquid sunshine ...I know its very hard when ur goin thur all those raw emotions ...ur an awesome  silent support group feeln...big hugs to the both of u
Feel with you
Give it to Jesus. Praying for the both of you.
I dont know if you will get to see this but if i could offer only one thing it would be to say please consider cutting out the plastic from your drinking bottles etc. It contains endocrine disruptors and is really bad for you. Sending you much love and healing. Love you guys so much. xxx
Aw, i LOVE what a good emotional support doggie he is - dogs are so special 💗 thinking of you during your journey
💛💛💛
You are both so inspirational the way you are so open with us, the love and support you show to one another, the positive, brave and courageous way you are facing your situation . Sending so much love and healing, I can't wait to see you 100% healed and better Bec! Must be tough for you Eamon to see you love go through this. Here thinking of you both and sending you support <3
Sending you love 💙
romantisizing chemo with baby talk is very repelling,, like repulsive.. sorry had to be said
how can red devil heal anything satan is here to main and kill as many as he can before he is wiped out and he knows it
eamon chemo is in no way effective what it does besides torture and poison people is dehydrate any tumours they call this remission. which is why it comes back. well that and the fact it weakens the body due to it is poison. bec is mind controlled it is very sad to see. you could try detoxing her from the bots.
Bec is such a great women and I couldn't love the type of person she is more... But for him not to be able to go in is rediculous.. If she's okay and he's not sick WHY NOT . She needs support and her love there. Stop this nonsense & let 1 person go in with these cancer patients
So grateful you have that sweet dog to help keep you grounded and safe..I know that's what my dog did for me before she passed. If doggy seems down know that he knows mommy has cancer, they smell it on humans and they know.
Chase and I are praying for u to feel better soon. Keep on swimming Bec... ❤️ 🇨🇦
I choose to watch this platform. And I strongly agree. If your up for it beck. I love the support that’s going on . Thank you for always sharing the confident love you have for your friends 💕
Japan. Just always pray at night. Stronger Eamon and Bec than ever be. We'll see you in your 7,864,098.00 episode/vlog.
Been thinking of y'all a lot recently. Bec, I can't imagine what you're going through but thank you for sharing your journey. My sister went through chemo years ago (nearly 8!) and I was her caretaker for a time. Seeing her walk through that was so so hard, but it has lead to such a brilliant life for her. She had fully retired due to her cancer-like disease and failing heart. After chemo and a heart transplant, she's back on her feet, about to turn 50, and working again in a field she loves and has a talent for. Praying the same for you - a full and brilliant life post-chemo and treatment. <3
Love you guys so much, you’ve got this bec!!!
Hi guys, Bec ur so brave, keeping u both in hearts and prayers, here in uk.
Praying your are handling your treatments well.  You are so strong ❤️🙏
We love you so so much Bec ❤️❤️❤️❤️ stay strong and positive!
Sending you 💓 ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ and prayers 🙏 ❤️ ❤️ for a full recovery 🙏.
Sending so much love to you both ✨❤️
My best friend lived a healthy lifestyle too yet came down with a small cell sarcoma in his left hamstring.  His doctors used chemo to try and kill the cancer. When it was determined to be85 to 90 percent killed, they surgically removed the rest of it. During his chemo, he was given Nulasta to restore white blood cell count. His bones always ached for a couple days but it worked well. He beat his cancer but three years later, cancer was found in his right lung, middle lobe. That was surgically removed and he just passed his 1 year scan, no new issues. He's recovered nicely. Everyone I know has beaten cancer. Doctors are able to amazing things these days. Best wishes and May God Bless...
Guys, Really I can feel your pain. Even my wife was diagnosed with Breast Cancer in Dec 2021 and is now under treatment. It's not easy, but we must fight back.
You popped up on my recommendation...so I watched. Many many prayers for you. Hoping the absolute best, strength, faith, and complete healing for you.
You’re amazing and I’m so proud of you for getting through your first treatment!! You can do anything!! Sending more love, healing and all of the amazing good vibes!!! ❤️❤️
We love you... hang in there
Hi sweet friend, I’m so sorry you’re having to go through this. Have you ever heard of the Gershon (Gerson) theory? My mom beat breast cancer AND lymphoma using this method in addition to chemo and radiation. Also, look into the Apple seed theory as well. Milk thistle and dandelion root and niacin work wonders with chemo as well. I truly believe our bodies can heal itself with proper assistance and nutrition. Much love to you
I am so happy to see your effort in facing this extreme challenge with your head held high. I have been through something somewhat similar, and I have to say to you: focus on the future! Forget the (possible) root cause, forget the reasons of the Universe, forget your faults. Focus on your recover, your friends and family which are here to support you, and all the good things that happen on your life.  You will get through this! You will get better! You will be stronger!  Cheers from Portugal 😀
Letting us into your healing journey is going to help so many people. You two are a beautiful couple and are so blessed to have each other. Counseling , journaling, finding gratitude and resting are good lifestyle examples for all of us. Continued Prayers!
I truly love you guys,you make my life happy.Thank you for being you.My heart is with you guys❤️❤️
there seems to be an explosion of fast-growing cancers following those experimental jabs....
Your both a true inspiration....I adore you guys....stay strong 💪 ❤
Faux meat is also cancerous. Be wary of processed plant-based cheese and meats. Lots of love!
Hugs!
You got this Bec🙏🏻👍. Just stay strong and positive. You have a blessed relationship with Eamon. I was diagnosed in April 2021, thankfully I didn’t need chemo, only did radiation. You are amazing girl. You and Eamon are in my prayer 🙏🏻❤️
Praying this all goes well and you heal. Sending good vibes
I would encourage you to reach out to your creator, and the one who died on the cross for you, Jesus Christ. You have no idea how much love and support I feel knowing that my Lord and Savior is listening to me, is answering my prayers, is there for me every single minute of every single day and no matter what, he is there to love me, wrap his arms around me and show me that he cares and loves me. Bec I want you to know that he can do the same for you and he can answer your prayers and heal you of this cancer.  I am praying for you in the name of our savior Jesus.
Bec you are a champion fighter & id bet big on you any day doll!!! Eamon thank you for taking care of our gal, & thanks to Oso for making mom smile✌️❤️🌞🐕‍🦺
Sending Love, prayers good vibes and comfort to you both and you’re families! ❤️♥️
Why don’t you teaser how MMS and hydrogen peroxide ?
Hey guys I’m John. I’m a 35 year old cancer survivor. I had acidic cell carcinoma in my left Parotid gland. that was diagnosed Feb 6 of 2019. I had swollen nodes and everything to boot. prior to I was becoming a follower of Christ amidst the truth that was being revealed around me in my life. But after my diag the folks that I surrounded myself with from my study group prayed for my healing naturally or supernaturally and I accepted it. Surgery day came March 26 of 19. They removed 2.6 cm tumor, parotid gland and 32 nodes. Next week the path report came back. All nodes tested negative, margins were clean. All blood test were normal and no chemo was needed. And I had this tumor for 5 years they said prior to. I am a living testimony of his truth, healing, and love. Here I am today to share. Most of the time It takes really tough situations for us to stop and realize who he is. But trust me he can take any situation we’re in and turn it into a blessing that can change and realign us and give testimony to thousands of others to realize him as well. Go back to the book store and pick up Jesus the healer and read it front to back. You will likely be in tears when your done. If not I will send you a copy. God bless you guys.
Osso needs little boots if it’s a weather warning 🥺
Hey Bec, at least you have a good reason to smoke weed, enjoy
Go team Bec and Eamon.  Hugs and love to you both and your families. Prayers always.
Stay strong you two!
Finding one good thing can be challenging on some days but it will help! It has gotten me through the past 3 years even after my husbands passing. When we cease to find good in the world even from pain and dark times we loose the gift of  living. Keep positive and support and lo e each other
We are in prayer for you Wilmington-NC 🇺🇸
You both are so beautifully pure about love and life. Your energies combined draw us in to receive and then share our energies to new levels of love. Love you both and Ouso too ❤️ ❤️ ❤️
Sending you both hugs and prayers
Your journey is your own but you have a tribe behind you
Been watching you guys since almost the beginning, so I come from a place of love, but it sure seems that the amount of cancer amongst the young is sky rocketing this last year suddenly. Lots of speculations out there but keep staying strong 💪.
Just sending some love and prayers that you are having an okay week.  Remember when you’re waiting for a great trip or adventure, and it seems so far away, but eventually you get there.  That’s the other side of this hard time.  You will get there.  You will be healthy and strong!  Thank you for sharing your story.  You got this!👍💪🙏
Always in my thoughts! No video this week. Hope you're just busy getting better! Much love from NY
Hey Eamon and Bec I’ve been watching your videos for a long time. My heart goes out you right now.  Bec you asked what you should stop eating.  I’d say any and all soy. Soy is high in phytoestrogens that can mimic estrogen in the body.  In short high estrogen can cause BC.  Research and look more into soy and hormonal imbalances and BC.  I’m sorry you are going through this, sending you love.❤️
Eamon and BEC I have been watching your channel for quite some time now I have cancer to and I just wanted to say I have lymphoma than option from the stuff of the week killer from Monsanto I just wanted to tell you that I am so sorry that you got this cancer but you were doing so well on the chemo God bless you girl I'm going to be praying for you guys it's going to be okay because you caught it and at least you caught it in time that's the first thing that matters you're going to be okay you are healthy anyway like you said you didn't even feel sick before and thank God for that because I was really really sick when I found my stage 4 cancer I will be watching and I will be praying for you girl at first I didn't want to watch the channel anymore because it made me realize what I was going through chemo and radiation I didn't want to see you suffer like that but I will say that I am thankful to God that I went ahead and watched it because I wouldn't have seen what you were going through is exactly what I went through don't worry just push on and it's going to be okay the sick days will become less and less God bless and PS thank you for sharing your journey with us
Oh my gosh what an inspiration you are Bec! Keep going and all love and positive energy is with you! Thank you too for being brave to share your journey with the world, you won’t realise just how much it could help people! Stay strong! Lots of love
Love you guys! Sending Positive vibes💕
Hi Both, it's 30 minutes past midnight on a Monday morning in the UK, I've been thinking about you both a lot over the weekend and I've been wondering how you are getting on, hoping that you are doing ok. It's amazing how much you can care about people you've never met! Anyway I hope you are alright, I'm thinking of you, much love and hugs! Xxx
So proud of you, Bec! Sending big hugs from the Philippines. ☺️ thanks for sharing your journey with us. Love you both 😘🙏🙏🙏✨✨✨
Did you adopt this time
It’s Sunday!  Thinking of you two.  Sending cyber hugs. Good vibrations and of course prayers.  ❤️❤️🌹
the peeing red reminded me of a very sad game called "dragon cancer" it's a very sad yet inspiring game I watched someone play.
Just thinking of you two today! Bec hope your spirit is high. I miss you two very much. Hopefully we see you soon. Please take care and all the time you need. (See you Sunday)
May God bless the both of you ,the journey you are on is so hard I will say a prayer for the both of you .
I’m planning on donating hair to cancer patients when I finally decide to stop growing my hair. This reminds me of why I want to do that. Bless you both, you are amazing, you are worthy, and you are loved. Stay strong
I’m so proud of you & EmonYou have such a great support team
You're amazing, strong, resilient, and beautiful. Sending you and Eamon lots of positive and healing energy. We're cheering you on.
It's genetic.
I’ve stumbled across your journey while just staring my own…..I turned 39 January 4th and soon after was diagnosed with stage 4, metastatic breast cancer.…..always healthy and active….this was quite shocking to say the least. I’m freaking out. I’m usually the “tough one”, but I’ve found myself super emotional and kind of all over the place. My poor husband is terrified and our 11 year old daughter is worried…..I’m worried…..I love your videos and Oso is absolutely adorable!! I have furbabies too, and my baby Texas Blu is my comfort always❤️. They are so in tune to us when we are sick. ❤️❤️
Thanks for taking the time to remind us that what you record is not all that happens. I appreciate your willingness to share as much as you do.
I was diagnosed with two different head and neck cancers in 2021, even though I had no risk factors except being a middle-aged woman. Treatment (many surgeries and radiation) was the hardest thing I've ever done, but as I came out the other side of everything, I am so thankful that it was available to me. I certainly and purposely appreciate every single day now. You've got this!
Sending love ❤
I am drinking my ChaiWala tea here in cold but sunny IL and sending you love and light.
You seem such a good person..so inspirational..thank you for this video..hope and wish the best for you..!!
long time listener first time Commentor..  Iam Not a  Doctor , or Try to act like one, The Cure is to stop Drinking that Moldy tea, and them process powder instant drinks AG... you don't Know what they put in them, even though the label sounds  pleasing you might not see it but is there, look up Fungus is a Cancer,  also Look up treatment with  High dose Vitamin C.... Go Natural. I'm just a Big fan of you video on Van-life   Take care Bec Peace Love Respect.
read up on iodine
I have noticed that you eat processed vegan meats with bad oils and sugar. Those vegan meats, in my opinion, are poison. My M-L was also recently diagnosed with cancer 2 months after her 3rd covid vaccine 🤷‍♀️ she's part of a group of fellow new cancer patients who were all also diagnosed after they were vaccinated 🤷‍♀️ I believe there's a link.
Enjoy ever great and wonderful moment ❤ Much strength to you, especially in hard hours or days.
This was … wow! You are such a warrior! You’re both such a blessing to each other and for us to watch. It’s beautifully inspiring. I cried for half of the video, not ashamed to admit it. Lol ..But I also made sure to pray for you, for you both, as you go through this next journey. ♥️♥️♥️
So much love to you.  Having gone through this journey 12 years ago. Lean on your people.  May not feel like it at times, but you are way stronger than you think you will ever be. From one cancer survivor, You Got This. 💗
I haven’t watch much of the YouTube lately I’m just hearing this news that you had breast cancer I am sending healing loving energy I am holding the space for you to heal I love you so much girl even though we don’t know each other than watching it for years balling eyes out
They say get your body alkaline and don’t eat anything that turns into sugar ever well you have growing cancer in your body and get your body alkaline please get a command strip and get alkaline that will help tremendously
Thank you sharing your story, you are showing strength and resilience 💕 I am inspired by you to tackle my health issues. I don’t know what your spirituality is, but prayer and meditation will bring comfort to you 💕
Bec trust in our LORD and Savior Jesus Christ & he will give you your health back,I'll be praying for you & Eamon ...God bless you greatly ☺🤗must read as you recover "The Desired of Ages by Ellen G White "Will give you the comfort & piece of mind you need in these times .again God bless you Bec 🙏
Sending love💞 strength💪and prayers 🙏
Bec, you looked cute with your haircut, and you are so pretty you will look cute even with no hair. I hate though you do not feel well.  I am glad though you are still trying to eat healthy as that will help your recovery.  Though we all know you don't feel like eating right now, it is good to know when you do, you try to choose something healthy. I am hoping soon you will get good news. Bravo to you Eamon for taking such good care of Bec.  It is obvious you love her very much.
Keeping you both in my prayers. Love the new puppy❤️🐶
hey you two.....just wanted to let you know I so enjoy your channel!!  I could be your mother I am that old but I do enjoy/love you both.   such an adventure.   Bec, all will be well..... i am sending my thoughts energy to you. keep on being you 'guys' !   fellow canadian .....xo
Truly my thoughts are with you.  I'm now almost 56 yrs old. I've been going to the oncology dept (I think I'm up to my 8th place) since I've been 24 yrs old. So I know all about sitting in the cancer chair to receive treatments. (Bag of iron each month) my body did not produce enough iron for me to live. Without these treatments I will die. Close to death 4 times due to no insurance and having to fight for my life alone (divorced) for over 20 years. Used as a pin cushion up until they put a port in my chest 12 yrs ago.  Every month, alone.  I was unable to have children because of this, I had to have a hysterectomy.  It literally saved my life.  At 56 yrs old, I just had my port removed and I no longer have to receive iron treatments BUT a liquid B12 shot each month which helps produce my iron to generate itself.  So I dont exactly know what your going threw because Chemo makes you so nauseous.  No joke, marijuana helps do much with that, might at least try it once.   I do pray for you both because this is also hard on eamon cause he loves you that much. At least you have the support of a good man, I had no one, kinda made me into a stronger woman today.  I'm  gypsyrose159 ... and saving for my van so I can live out my bucket list, since my copd gonna due me in, I'd rather die in my van next to a lake instead of in a house or hospital.  Hugs and prayers...God Bless You!
Get well soon .xx
A powerful, generous post that left me speechless. Thank you. ❤️
Bec you can do this, you will do this, no more tears😁
Seeing you doing so great at feeling all the feelings and then you decide to change how you look at it and your mentality. ❤️ Stay strong!
I love you guys and I send u sooo much love! I grew up with a cancer mum who was 22 years sick....so I am pretty touched by your journey!! Love to you!
Eamon: Thank you for letting us watch all the caring you are providing Bec.  I was in Bec’s place 4.5 years ago, and although I thanked my husband all the time, your videos give me another perspective of the stress this causes you too. I didn’tperceive the toll on my husband, probably because I was feeling so sick.    Bec: You are strong, you have awesome support from family and friends. It is a long road, but you will get through this.  Thank you for sharing your struggles.  My advice is, figure out when chemo is over.  You will have 2-4 weeks before surgery.  Take a week vacation to a place where you are not doing all the work, stay in a hotel, if your want.  This will be the time when you will be feeling well, with no pain, no sickness and traveling will be so awesome. Make some memories.  I was able to vacation with my husband and 9 year old because it ended up working out (chemo was delayed a week due to illness) that chemo ended before my son’s spring break, and surgery did not happen until after his spring break.  We went to Utah in April and visited many of the national parks, and hiked in them.  I never would have thought of this except I had already started planning the trip before  I was diagnosed.  I asked the oncology nurse if I should cancel our plans.  She said don’t cancel yet, things may work out.  And only because the extension of my chemo by a week, we were able to keep our plans for this vacation.   Thinking about you, and sending e-strength.
Much love from morocco ❤
Much love from morocco ❤
I send positive thoughts and energy your way Becs. Keep fighting the good fight.
IB GUARD is good for nausea! It’s capsules made with peppermint oil! Sending you both my love and prayers 💖💖
So happy to see you well now Beck and Amon and Oso best nurses ever 😍🥰💐 Keep it up🙌🏼 you both are amazing, sending lots of love and good energy your way
Hey Guys, 12:30   Personally, I don’t believe you are showing something off; I think you are showing the views/ friends and family that you can get better, you can have bad and good days, but if we don’t have an excellent positive attitude, the medicine is not going to make the same effect. I believe that positive can cure your soul, and we have to remember that bad things will pass, good days will come.  And it takes more muscles of your face to be sad or mad than it takes to be happy.   I send all my love to you guys. ❤️‍🩹
You are both so courageous, wishing you both and your families prayers .  One day at a time Bec. Listen to your body. Xx 💛  sending love.
Which hubby could be in the room with u. You got this n your not alone. Love your dog
Hello Eamon n Bec. My name is Connie new to channel as of this morning. Praying for your recovery n God give you both strength each day
Loving the hair. You look so cute. I am praying for you and Eamon as you navigate this journey into the unknown. I know you will face it like you have done every other adventure you two have taken. God Bless you both.
Your love for each other is just incredible. Praying for you both and your families, through this whole journey.
I had Breast cancer twice,You will be fine❤️💕🥰😍😘 Darling ,Second time  I just finished my chemos …lumpectomy first time wasn’t good,,it came back  again…..Drink plenty of water during and after chemo,and rest ,this time will pass ..you are in my prayers sweetie ❤️💕🥰
We love you guys🫂🫂 We are with you Bec❤❤❤❤❤❤🫂
I'm my Moms caretaker and we found out in November she has breast cancer. But she refused anymore tests or treatments. I know I'm terrified, I can't imagine how you're feeling. Prayers you beat this and get well soon
Eamon and Bec, you both sre in my thoughts and  prayers daily sending you both warm hugs🤗❤ i feel a stange sence of friendship with you both even though we have never meet, i know i am On the other side of the world but if there was/is something i could do to help you Eamon and Bec then i am willing with in what i can do from the other side of the world... you both are very careing people and it is  very encouraging for me to see.... you have got this 🤗
Prayers going up for you both! Peppermint helps with the nausea and never feel guilty about your journey like me you are going to be a survivor but sometimes that will mean tears sometimes laughter some days are hard others are almost normal but every day my precious friend takes you one day closer to cancer free and something important find different places to nap make them cozy and make one like colorful and bright and happy. Love you girl thank you for sharing this the ups and the downs, Everyday is one day closer to Cancer free!
Love and Light to you Bec and Eamon. From Calgary 🤠
you look stunning with short hair <3
My mom had stage 1 best cancer and it's been 4 years since she's had her last chemo. My mom had to do 6 chemos. So far she's doing great and you guys live a better life then her. So ik you'll do great and recover well. Chemo makes you really weak and sometimes messes with your mood. Don't give up hope and always stay positive. Positivity helps a lot with healing. I wish the best for the both you and I hope everything goes well. Also ik you are fostering Ons (sorry if I spelled his name wrong) but I think you should adopt him. You guys travel a lot and do a lot of stuff and he would be a great companion in the future. Also he's going through this with you guys as well. Dogs can sense cancer and it was the main reason why my mom went to the doctor to get her lump checked coz my dog was acting strange around her. My dog was with her the whole way through and always was more gentle and helpful for my mom in her toughest times. Ons knows what you are going through and even if u foster dogs in the future they will never know what u have went through. Ons seems friendly with other dogs so you can always foster more dogs in the future. I have friends who foster dogs and sometimes when they want to keep one, they usually will be like well we want to help as many dogs as possible and we can't adopt all the dogs we foster and I tell this to a lot of people as well. But for you I want u to keep him, coz he's basically like a therapy animal for u right now. He brings happiness and positivity. This is the first time I've ever told someone to adopt their foster dog. I hope you guys see this message and I wish the best of luck for your recovery Bec.
Bec you tape any way you feel. You do not need to be on 24/7 you are allowed to keep some emotions private. I know how important it is to you that you are authentic as possible but oh hunny this is a rough one. I have stage 4 Liver Disease and its terminal Ican not bring myself to say the C word yet. You have a great support system, a loving superhero man, and a beautiful guardian Angell. I am sending so much love and good vibes, You are a remarkable woman and one hell of a ROLE MODEL . Much love and Blessed spirits!!! xoxoCarlaxoxo
Stay strong!
Eamon: I highly recommend Grass Creek or Lemoine's Point Dog parks while Bec gets her chemo. If you want a doggie playdate, dm me ... :) KGH Oncology saved my mom in law from Multiple Myeloma ... I am sure they will take good care of Bec. <3
My prayers go out to you.❤️❤️❤️
Please re-think plant-based as the healthiest way to eat. Organic meat is so important for health and vegetable oils are so toxic. Just something to look into if you're looking for answers. Good luck, you're positive mindset alone will get you through this.
I am so excited to let y’all know my husband and I ordered the AG and used your code, you so I wanted to thank you as I want to be healthier and it starts with your insides first!! I am so excited and will keep y’all posted on our journey
From a cancer Sister 🎀 I literally feel you. At the end of 2020, I was told, "You have Breast Cancer."  2021 was full of a lot of unknown and first things. I remember thinking about what I did wrong; I tried to have a healthy life and be active. Don't torture yourself; this is not your fault. In my case, I had a genetic test done, and I happened to be the first in my generation 🙃. With the chemo, try to find your body's rhythm for me the weekend after chemo was bad, I had to sleep and rest, and the second week was better I'll use my energy to get things done. But listen to your body. Don't feel bad for sleeping, and don't feel bad for not being "productive" REST. Your body is fighting one of the biggest fights in your life right now.
I wanted to tell you about Coriolus versicolor, the most studied anti cancer mushroom, very  effective against breast cancer, and also mitigates the side effects of chemotherapy.  Mushroom Science out of OR is a great company. A family member with poor prognosis is alive 10 years later thanks to this. I’m so glad you have each other
Bec, I just wanted to let you know I'm praying for you.  And Eamon, I can relate to what you are feeling for Bec.  My family has been riddled with various cancers.  I have come to believe that yes many cancers are caused by where you live, what you eat, what you put into your body, where you work & how you live your life. But some cancers I feel are like a virus or germs that you "catch".  If your body can fight it & kill it, you have no clue about it.  If your body is unable to fight & kill it, then you catch it and it develops into cancer of some kind.  Sounds like a child's mind's viewing but I really believe it.  So Bec please don't blame yourself or keep asking, "what could I have done or not done right?"  You are young, strong and healthy.  You WILL beat this!  My prayers & support are with you in this trying time.
❤️🙏🍀 Please get some WATERMELON before your next chemotherapy.  Have it on hand and try it.  It was the only thing that tasted good to me during chemotx and it actually made me feel better too.  Please try it, I have recommended to lots of people who say it helped so much.  It will be worth the effort even if you have to hunt for it (I know it is not in season in Canada.).  Much love and best wishes to you from a 61 year old, 42 year cancer survivor.  You will look back on this one day and be well!  You both and all your family are lovely people.  It warms my heart to watch you and the love you share. Note: prior to radiation ask the doctors advice for timing of eating watermelon or tomatoes since they both contain lycopene which is a protection against and treatment for sunburn.  Might not want to have it day of or day after, but radiology oncologist should know the timing.
Hello one thing I'd like to know is how is Eamon doing through all of this. If we could have a video or a short minute talking about the emotional support side, I think that would be great
I don’t know either of you, but There is not a doubt in my mind that you won’t get well.  Thank you for the strength you have to record your journey. It will be a major help to others who find themselves in this situation.
You are doing amazing!
What 🥺 I haven’t checked in on your page in awhile and this broke my heart. A vegan athlete with breast cancer? Makes no sense.
I'll pray for you .
“Just take it day by day! Don’t look at the whole journey just the next step”.  I was told that before I started my journey of chemotherapy by another cancer fighter and it was the best advice I received. I also felt and knew the love and support of family and friends in a way I couldn’t have imagined before. That makes me so extremely grateful and keeps me fighting! I see you have that too which is awesome! I sometimes wondered if I would ever feel energetic and good again, but I do now. Don’t worry, you will too! You can do this! Hugs and prayers to you both.
I hope you read as much as possible about chemo outcomes/research as well as alternative treatments ❤️ quick healing. You are a healthy person, you got this!
I finally have caught up on videos and know what is going on. Sending prayers and positive thoughts of strength for both of you. I admire the love you share for each other. I also understand how much joy Oso brings to your lives.  My husband and I were never blessed with children, so our two boxers are our pride and joy. Oso is a sweetie!
You didn’t do nothing wrong girl💞
Ok I just watch the baby video now this one holy cow I’ve never cried so much wish y’all the very best and live u both and y’all are a great fucking team🥰👏🏼💞🙏🏽💪🏽, and I love ur 🐶
You can do it bec!
You will get through this praying I love you you are the best
Well, I found this channel because of a fascination with MT Everest. K and N did a series on the climb to base camp, so I got hooked on them. While watching K and N, I found this channel, Bec, praying and sending positive vibes for you and your man, you both have this! Also, I really enjoy your channel also!
Learn how hormones control our bodies and how foods control our hormones. https://youtu.be/BP-o1Z44P-c
You are very inspirational! Also, it’s very brave of you to share your journey with us. My thoughts and prayers are with you.
Prayers for you both
Can I just say that watching you all walk in that snow makes me cold...lol🤣🤣I also would like to say that I've been battling triple negative since 2019now I'm stage 4. Word of advice just cut your hair all off. It will save you from filling so emotional  when you do see it come out. That helped alot of us from fill so negative God bless
Dear Bec, my first ever and probably last YouTube comment. I wish you the very best with your treatment and recovery. Your so brave and unknowingly giving so many strength. Take care.
Bec you are such a wonderful and strong person!! even in the special situation you are now, you haven’t stopped spreading joy and inspiration to others. I can’t wait to watch the cancer free vlog where you will be crying by happiness… I love you both ❤️
Her2+ Diagnosis 11 years, 16 rounds of chemo, 36 radiation & 1-year Herceptin IV  ago and today I feel good & look better. Cancer doesn’t define you . You get through this and one day you’re looking back.
Bec bec
Good luck.more power & prayers
Breast Cancer is becoming very common, 15  friends and family members so far.   Now I am seeing many YT uploaders, all of a sudden ...Cancer.       What is going on ?   Is this connected to the,  you know what?
Healing energy sent, Prayers and more, You are both amazing individuals
❤
You guys got this! Thinking of you both always. Bec, you would be beautiful shaved bald, don't worry about your hair. Love you both, keep the videos coming so we know all is well.
You’ve got this Bec. Take care & rest when you need it. Love that you are sharing your journey. Sending healing light to you.
🤍🤍🤍
If anyone can get through this it is 1000% you two you guys have the strongest bond ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Hey you guys :) Ok normally I would never comment on someone's video BUT (big but) I really just wanted to let you know that you guys freakin rooock!!!! You must be going through a really difficult phase right now. I first started watching your videos like 5 days ago when I tested positive for covid and got quarantined. And I'm a huge fan of you guys already! You are such a kind hearted soul bec. I love your energy! And I can only imagine how difficult this whole process might be for you! The only thing I see is a beautiful beautiful human being trying her best to be her best! And I appreciate this soo much! We can learn from you! That's really hard to do! I wish you all the best. May all the good sunshine get to you and heal you from within, so you can shine even brighter ❤️ all the best! And greetings from Austria
I’ve been watching for a while, but I got my parents into your channel too during the cabin Reno era. You all made a big difference in my life in 2020, and I’m (and my parents) sending all the positive energy and prayers your way! 🤍🤍🤍
Lots of prayers sent your way 🙏 Bec you can do this! love you girl! You always gave me motivation and hope. I cry with you ❤️
🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
I've followed you since your first van adventures and feel like you're family. You're both so amazing together, huge relationship goals ❤ I think you're so, so brave to be sharing this part of your life with us all, it feels like such a privilege to walk it with you. I'm wondering whether a montage video of all your best, affirming, laughing, inspiring times would be a good thing to produce to help give you a positive focus and of course it's something you're both amazing at producing ❤ Sending so much love your way xxx
🙏💕💕💕💕🙏 ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ YOU GOT THIS … on another note be sure to secure you’re dog to a seat belt in the car … and please be careful of the dog germs 🌸
You've got this!  I've been through 3 cancer journeys... it's never easy, but throughout this journey you will see how strong you are.  Staying positive will help so much!  I will continue to pray for you and your family ❤️🙏🏽
Honey it's not your fault there is nothing you have done to cause this. Hugs
There are many of use that can't stop thinking about you guys. WE wish you guys all the best.
Thinking of you two. I had left a post about hugging the dog but deleted it. I just finished watching and see you with the dog. I feel they can bring you close to the natural source of loving energy and I adore that pup you have. ❤❤❤
Please make sure you guys download Dr Michael Greger's Daily Dozen app if you don't already have it. Two must have books How Not to Die by Dr Michael Greger MD and Whole by Dr T. Colin Campbell PhD. I will gladly send you these both just say the word. Any format you want digital, physical or both. Audible....you name it.
Something that you could do is buy anti-nausea bracelets. I have extreme car sickness and instead of taking meds, I put them on and they truly help. Maybe could also be an option for you guys after quemo. Love you guys! And stay strong 💪
Bec, I have grown to love you so much over the past years. You & Eamon have given me so much encouragement and determination to follow my heart and to make my dreams come true. Between Eamon’s light h earted nature and your strength and beauty you two make a great duo. I am so thankful I have my forever love too. So, hug him a little tighter and be thankful for him that he is there to help you get though this. I am so proud of you for sharing this journey. Don’t be afraid to feel vulnerable or lay in bed and relax. You have been go go go for years without a pause. Think of this as a gift to give your body a break and a rebirth. This will make you stronger in the end. You’re a sword being foraged in the fire, starting from a weak metal and becoming stronger and sharper in the end, welded into valerian steel/gold/titanium/diamonds whatever you think is strongest to you. Read some books, maybe paint, do some crafts in bed, you’d be good at knitting cute things too, if you get a little stir crazy from not doing enough. Maybe take this time to write a book! I will be here to stay and watch you through the good and the bad, even if its more bad than good right now because, in the end you are gonna be such an inspiration to all, so much stronger mentally and physically. I love you tons. Chin up doll! Keep on Keeping On. Take the world for a spin, don’t let the world spin you. Just Rest and Relax when you need to slow things down and focus on you and just your needs. Aim Small, Miss Small. I know it must be frustrating that you are being dealt this difficult hand but, don’t blame yourself, these things happen to people who do everything right. Have you thought about getting a Kangen water system? I know there a lot of cancerous chemicals and man made chemicals in the water we drink. I want a system so bad, it’s definitely on our list. You can do more than you think. You Got This Girl!!!! Like you said, take it one day at a time. Or one hour, one minute, etc. its not gonna be easy always and its gonna take a lot of strength but, you have it in you, I believe in you. Xoxox if you want to talk, my instagram is VEESKII / Victoria Buono, It’s a painting for the main photo. Send me a request!
Hey Bec,  Watching you go through this reminds me of my mom when she had cancer. She was also very healthy just like y’all. It was hard to watch someone so healthy deteriorate over time. When they found it she was already stage 4. Unfortunately because of that we lost her a few years later. However, she still had such a full life and never treated it as a death sentence. I love your similar positive attitude about it. I know that this is not a death sentence for you and you will get through this!
God bless you.  I am confused u r a heathy person.  I hope you get threw this.  Xoxo
Hopefully you guys be better.. Bec everything will be fine you so strong and beautiful woman and the best of all your not alone Eamon is with you always ..!! Keep going beautiful.!!!🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
Couldn't agree with you more about finding yourself a man that can cook!  I loved and miss my buddy that could cook. I loved that he taught my boys to be men that could cook as well.  When I was so sick during Christmas, my son cooked for me.  It was the most precious gift.  Love and hugs Eamon and Bec.
☀️🙏🏽❤️🙏🏽☀️ Love you both’ 🥰
Incredible.Just incredible. Such an intimate journey we are blessed to witness and share with you. It means so much for so many of us who have already followed a loved one's journey with cancer or our own. I thank you for your openness, your vulnerability, and your artistic expression. These videos are truly, so, so beautiful.  On so many levels. This is cathartic, and healing, and inspiring, and necessary. Stay strong both of you! It will be hard, and you will overcome!
Day one checked off - check off each day on a calendar. You will get to the end.  Best wishes for a speedy trip thru this recovery!
Bec I am in tears from your bravery and strength and just how pure your soul is. I caught myself crying many times because I can feel your energetic kind soul. May god send angels to watch over you and just know I’m praying for you so much and for your healing. I know you’ll get through this I love you guys so much and pray for healing ♥️
BEC   Once again I'm crying watching you go on the journey. I was there too. I can't explain how much I'm feeling for you.  YOU WILL BE AOK soon I know it. I pray every night for you and Eamon   GOD BLESS YOU BOTH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Dios está con tigo 🙏
You are both so strong and inspiring! Sending you so much healing energy Bec. You’ve got this! So many emotions watching your journey. You’re not alone and we’re all here with you
You don’t deserve this to happen to you. I really admire your steps to take care of yourself. Because of you I started doing a breast exam. My thoughts are with you often. Lots of love
🧡💛🧡
Praying for you both in this hard,  hard situation.   May Jehovah Rophe- the God Who heals- give you healing as you look to Him.  We ask this in the Name of Yeshua H'Meshiah Ben Elohim,  Jesus the Messiah,  Son of God.  🙏❤
Bec, did you take birth controls?  If so maybe consider researching their links to increased risk for breast cancer?  If not, disregard my non-expert comment.
You are so strong! So beautiful to see all this love around you! ❤
Thoughts are with you both. You are a strong women and will get thru this. Sending love to you both.
<3 what an example you are guys
Wishing you the best❤️ You gonna get through this! So proud of you.
You’re doing everything right, I know you’re going to beat this, I’m very good with feelings and not for one second have I thought you were not going to be ok
dogs are such an incredible gift
🧡
No doubt about it!!! You got this, I know from where I speak🤗 DX age 22 in 1983. You staying  positive  is powerful. Hhappy words like Liquid sunshine you will BE well very soon.  Also, my other type therapy uses reflexology. So powerful . Do little too start cause it's most powerful as removing toxins!!  Not kidding, I get throw up sick with purposeful reflexology. HUGS AND LOVE🤗
It’s been almost a year since my own diagnosis. I’ve been through nine rounds of chemo, surgery and have finally made it to radiation and hormones. In about a month I will hopefully get to slowly go back to work again.  It is a long a tough journey, but the most important thing for me was the support of family. I am so happy you have that too, it will continue to be essential.  Much love to both of you, there is a future waiting on the other side.
💖🙏
Oh sweet girl, I've thought of you often, wondering how you are coping. You're incredible, keep up your positivity and sending you healing wishes. Eamon, you're amazing and Bec is very fortunate to have such a caring supportive partner travelling on this journey with her.
I've been watching your videos for a long time guys and i loved you so much and lately with what's happening with bec every moment i see your videos or you pop in my mind i get chills and even for your followers it's difficult we love you bec be strong
❤️❤️❤️
Eat some butter, eggs and broth if you want to give your body nutrition.
Sending you love and prays...... LOTS of love and prayer!!!!! I'm finding something  a bug strange,  it's the realisation that you love someone so much who doesn't actually know you or has met you. Eamon and Beck feel like an actually part of my family! I'll keep praying for both of you, that you will have the strength to be there for each other and the piece that you know that Becks can and will make it through this to a much brighter future ❤ xXx ❤
You’re both so amazing!! Thinking of you and sending so much love ❤️🌷❤️
We love you guys!!!! U are so strong and me and my wife’s hearts are with you<3
So proud of you Bec. I'm sorry you guys are going through this! Sending healing vibes your way x
Sending you love and positive energy Bec. You got this girl. Thinking of you here in Sydney Australia and wish you all the best 💕💕💕💕
So much love and sunshine from Aoatoroa (New Zealand)
Fear of the unknown ( Anxiety ) is scary. Be well. Both of you.
Big hugs from Rowena and Lawrence. Out here on the north coast of bc
You are amazing Bec, keep strong xx
Sending light & love ❤️
You are both remarkable and so incredibly inspiring. Sending all my love and well wishes from Aus.
I had the Red Devil also, its pretty important to drink a lot of water while getting it and go to the bathroom often during treatment.🤗🙏
Sending lots of Healing Hugs and Prayers your way Pink Sister! 🤗🙏🤗🙏🤗🙏🤗🙏
Did you happen to keep your cell phone in your bra ? My mom has a cell phone size tumor in her breast from keeping her phone there.
Keep walking until there is no more road. You can do this Bec!
I have 2 Aunt's on different sides of my family that went through Brest cancer and they r badass women and they r ok .It's definitely not going to be easy but Your going to be ok .It's so great U 2 have each other and family and friends r there to cheer U on and it's going to be ok .Bless U Guys and much love ❤️😘🤗
Hey love, there’s a book called “making changes in our lives” and it talks about emotional reasons for diseases. This is what they said about cancer: “Obsessed with the injustices one has suffered (lack of forgiveness). Unwilling to take responsibility for self, yet feeling forced into accepting it”   I just wanted to share it case it resonated. I send you love and healing 🙏💜
I’ve always known y’all were amazing but after this video wow. Bec is a rockstar and that little kiss you gave your pup on the head melted my heart. Good people and y’all deserve the world.
Greetings from Monterreymexico.. my mom an my self have been following your videos everysunday. please recive our blessings andprayers you guys have becoume part our family and we  care eventhough we havent meetin person. Beck be a strong worrior you will recover .Emon great partner  stay strong  .recive  big hugs  god loves you guys.
Thanks girl for sharing your journey with us it’s so informative and real. Your absolute scariest time of your lives but please know your helping so many who are also going through it . You guys being so open and honest will also help them too. Sending you lots of positive thoughts and prayers for you guys as you go through such a devastating time but you guys have this keep going as you have always done😍😍😍😍
Your positive minds are so awe inspiring.  You are both incredibly strong and my thoughts and prayers are with you consistently. Thank you for sharing this raw, beautiful, challenging part of your lives. I have been watching you both for so long now, I feel genuinely connected to you both. You are so incredibly strong. Xoxo
Sending loads of love and positive energy to you both with my very best wishes for a speedy recovery. Love you guys 💝💝
Hi Bec.  I’m thinking of you and sending you strength and courage.  It’s wonderful that you are sharing your story because many do not want to talk or dwell on the treatment process.  I don’t even know how I would handle if I was given a cancer diagnosis.  I will be grateful for the good health I have.  Get lots of hugs from family and friends and be well.   Christine
Sending my prayers <3
watching you is really helping me deal with my dads cancer
You got this ! You have such an amazing outlook on life ! I will keep praying for you ! - Girl From MAINE (USA) ❤️✌🏻🌸💯
You are an inspiration! I'm sorry for this journey you didn't choose to be on and my prayers to heal your body and maintain your wonderful soul are added to all the rest. And, oh yeah, FUCK CANCER
Wow, Eamon I agree with you on the pharmaceutical industry. Your attitudes are the only thing you can control so I congratulate on that. I'm so sad you don't embrace the Gerson therapy but happy you are doing juices.
Oh my goodness, last night I watched the video where you were talking about your next trip. Sending all my best to you and hope for your full and rapid recovery. Also much love sent your way.❤
You guys are amazing. Cancer sucks, I'll keep you all in my prayers. Hope you get better soon!
RSO, cannabis oil has cured many different cancer. Gerson Therapy too 🙏
Praying for you both and quick healing! Sending lots of Love!
You’ve got this! My friends mother had breast cancer at 69,  (I went with her for chemo treatments because her daughter lived out of state)(had a mastectomy) then she had colon cancer and had 8” of her intestines removed, she had back surgery after that! She will be 90 years old in November and still going strong!! This was 20 years ago now!
Sending thoughts prayers good vibes , to you both ! Lots of love .  I went through a journey  with my best friend . Just being there is very big!
Oh Bec. My heart literally just hurt so bad watching this but also swoll up so big at how proud I am of you. I don't even personally know you but I literally cannot fathom going thru what you are and how you are handling it is with so much dignity and grace and its just beautiful. And seeing yalls love. Man. It really gets me. I am so glad you have such a supportive man, and I know you have a great family behind you too. But..him being there for you in every moment in whatever you need is amazing. If there's anyone that can do this, it's you. You are so strong and beautiful. I love your short hair too btw! It looks SO cute! You got this babe! But in the meantime, I'm sending you so much love and strength to help you thru. I hope you feel it all from so many of us that are here rooting for you. Thanks for sharing even in your most vulnerable moments. You guys are amazing.
you got this, bec! sending all the positive vibes your way. eamon, you seem to be doing a wonderful job being a positive, supportive partner through this time. you guys are great! also your new dog seems like such a sweetie!!
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
God Bless you Both, you got this Bec!!
I'm just crying through all of this. You both have let us in on your lives for sooooo long that I truly feel like your neighbor and I worry about the details of your struggle. Thankyou for sharing. Because you don't have to. We're all here for you. Sounds silly but we really are all rooting for you and hoping and praying and giving it to God.
I wish you both all the best, just finished the last of my radiaton theraphy this Monday. Had similar chemo as you seem to have planned. Sometimes things happens that are unfair and unexplainable but you’ve got it. ❤️Just let yourselves feel what you feel and when you walk through hell just keep walking. Take care.
So proud of you Bec!!! You can do this! You’re so strong, loving and have an incredible support team with you!
When you hear Bec's full name for the first time and you're like woah, that sounded wrong not saying just Bec lolol
I am so incredibly proud of you and so thankful that you are so open with us all and willing to take us on thie journey with you. Ive never seen someone go through chemo and never imaged all of the struggles one would have to face while going through this but you consistantly amaze me with your positive outlook and hopefulness. Its like a breath of fresh air. I am truly grateful for both of you and the doggo :)
You are so strong and beautiful! Your positive attitude radiates like sunshine. The love and support Emon shows is so special. In a few months you will look back and say, "I kicked cancers a$$!!!" We will all celebrate with you that day, but until then you remain in my thoughts and prayers.
Sending you both so much support and love. Be strong. You're not alone. Hugs!
Rejoicing with you, knowing you have each other…💕🙏🏼
Just watched..I purposely waited so I could have time to watch. Praying for you and hoping your journey is as best as it can be. Praying for Eamon as well. You two got this! Xoxo love from Delaware USA
Only live minute to minute. The future will take care of itself.
So proud of you guys, lots of love and positive vibes your way 🤗🙏✨🙏 Xx
Sending you so much love and healing you got this we love you both!
Sending you positive vibes.💞 You’ve got this Bec!
You got this , Bec. Hang in there. It will all be over before you know it and you will have the whole rest of your life in front of you.
Dude Bec you are rocking those bangs!
You are the bravest souls!! so proud of the positivity you both have and the love you both share to keep each other going. prayers and good vibes for both of you! <3
You’ve got this Bec. You and Eamon are both amazing people. It will be very hard, but I know you have the strength to keep going. We all love you! ❤️
I've been watching you guys for so long since van life and your diagnosis broke my heart for you both. Sending love from the UK all the way to you guys in Canada. Taking chemo like a pro! ❤️❤️❤️
I’m in the same Canadian weather and burrrrr. I’m glad you don’t have to worry about the kinda bills Americans do. I wish you best.
Bec, Keep your spirits up. Keep working. I don’t think anyone including myself wants to lose you amazing soul. Remember your always in my prayers! ❤️
Whatever hairbrush to Moses I saw he was back up for fostering did he ever get a forever home?
Are you guys keeping oso or is he another foster?
You guys in the snow with oso rolling and running in the sunshine, those are the most golden moments in life 💞💞💞 I’m sending you all all the good vibes. Thanks for being you, and sharing that with us. You guys are hands down my favorite 😊😊😘😻🥰💞🐶
All the best don't worry you will be better soon here for you
One day at a time. Sending love your way.
Thank you so much for sharing this journey with the world!   Foster Puppy Safety: Please use the seat belt and harness to buckle him up for your car rides, too!
My heart hurts for you guys. Besides Trent and Allie, you are my favorite couple on YouTube. Stay strong Bec.
your energy is amazing ! sending love and positivity your way!
Couldn’t help but cry tears for you.  Sending up prayers for your healing.  Love you Bec!  You’ve got this.  You can beat it.
Omg girl you are so strong even stronger you know. I'm praying everyday sending all my over and light your way. Laughter can actually get rid of cancer. And doctor Joe's meditations millions walk out of his events with out cancer and ppl bind can see ppl that can't walk can run now. Don't take my word on it. Please I can't stress it enough. Epigenics... Mean that our jeans are not what causes our reality but actually the environment around is what causes any kind of disease or anything it's not us other way around so you might want to check that out and there's hypnotic rrt by Marissa I think that's your name she's top leader in the world right now and she has cured cancer as well with their hypnotizing really works it goes back to trust and past trauma as a child and really helps you work through it and other so many different things you can do naturally and already know you eat healthy so you're doing good there so keep going up with that and I really am interested in your book I'm a single mom with two little boys the dad had died so I really don't have money right now I wish I could support you guys but you guys are probably a better shape than I am I'm just know that you're not alone everybody in the world is struggling right now and a lot of people are sick. But you're strong and you're going to make this one I just know it in my heart. Enjoy each a d everyday but feel your emotions plz. You got this guys xo
Hoping the next five months fly by for you guys🤍✨
My daughter went through a very similar diagnosis last year.  She had a double mastectomy with immediate reconstruction and recuperated at our home.  She is doing well and has a great prognosis.  We are thinking of you and hoping you have a similar outcome.  You are both strong and can get through this.  We purchased a memory foam bed pillow system that was wildly adjustable, made it much easier to get in and out of bed after surgery and allowed her to sleep slightly elevated to reduce pressure on her sutures.  I suggest you look into it.  Can post a link if you want.
❤❤❤
Hi im 2 years on from being diagnosed with stage 2 breast cancer i had chemo, radio and at mastectomy still under going treatment due to secondary cancer but i want to wish you well and stay positive
Will Oso be a foster fail?  He seems to fit right in.
So proud of Bec 🥺
Unfortunately most health is due to genetics. What kind of immunity you have, predisposition to having cells become cancerous. Good living helps improve what your genes give you, but not a preventative..
I could write forever to you. I pray GOD heals you. I started a year ago watching your videos enjoying the traveling and places you visited. The van life, rebuilding the cabin, and when I got to the point of the last few videos and heard you tell all of us you had cancer, my first thought was that it was someone I knew a very long time. You and Eamon are my parallel world of showing us adventure and confidence, that some of us will never experience. To now face this challenge, we are all with you and wish you GODS love and healing, and of course I will wait until the next video and as all of us, shocked, mad at this. Many of us have different stories, some happy and some sad. Nothing is guaranteed, so each day is a gift. You two have been a gift for me to watch your videos and allow me to experience places and people I will never be at or meet.  I don't live too far from you guys, here in Buffalo NY, so we need to lose the winter as it hangs on and allow sunshine back, especially for Eamon and Bec!!!       Joe.
Turkey tail mushrooms were used by mycologist Paul Stamets to help cure his moms breast cancer.. Maybe its worth a shot?  Pauls done ground breaking work w/ mushrooms.. His ted talk: TEDMED 2011 Paul Stamets
Eamon, keep hugging this beautiful wonderful strong woman. You are both so blessed to have each other. Wishing you both all the best from this journey.
Watched you guys for years now. This was a tear-jerker. Sending you the most positive energy & love! You guys are amazing <3 you know you got this......both of you!
God bless you both. I've been watching you 2 for years now. You have impowered and inspired many. Bec your a strong person. You got this girl. I'll be praying for you both through all this. God bless
💛
Be strong it's a tough fase to get trought. My mom has breast cancer due to Brca2 mutation, has been doing chemo, finished her sessions last week, waiting for surgery now. Meanwhile I'm going trough it too, made my genetic test, don't have the mutation!! But need to start check up controls
Hey Eamon and bec,   Good luck with all of this, you’ve helped so many people with your videos hope you feel the support.  Just watched a video about fasting and how it helps with chemo and actually any disease.   This is the link it’s in French from the French/German tv Channel Arte and super documented but I am sure you can find another one. https://youtu.be/hPXQH6gOuJM  Truly amazing   Wish you the best ❤️❤️❤️
I am honestly so grateful you both have a place to call home at this harder time. 💛💛 sending all the most beautiful sunrises and senders to aid your recovery
Hi from Australia 🇦🇺.  Sending you both heaps of love ❤️ ❤️❤️.  I know it’s 5 months of treatment but it will give you back your life - it will pass quickly 💕
Love  you both so much! Continuing  the  prayers  for you  Bec and  Eamon  and  your family 💜💜💜💜
Loving your mindfulness and positivity! Such a good idea renaming chemo and having a sunshine room. 💙  Can you share where you purchased your orange bedding?
You got this Bec
Hang in there both!  It will get better.
Sorry, I got things wrong. I rushed to give a response before watching it to the end. The best to you both and I pray for comfort, strength, and grace as you weather the storms.
Thinking of you both I know you are going to kick this on it's arse, just like my niece did she had her tumor when she was just turned 16 she is now 41 keep the spirts up high even on the darkest days as you said find something to be positive / grateful for every day, step by tiny step. Love you guys keep smiling :) always.
Get your dog tested for Capnositoifga.  My daughter had leukemia and she got pneumonia from dog saliva.  She had one third of her lung removed.  It wasn't our dog, but it was scary to think about when your neutrifil counts are low you pick up germs that can cause you difficulties.
Marry her Eamon!
Gods blessings eamon and bec 🤗💞💫💞💫
love love love warmest hugs from mission, bc
I've been watching your channel for years!! I've enjoyed every journey but this one breaks my heart. I don't know you guys but I've always been invested and supportive. Your attitude and energy is beautiful and having Eamon by your side with his love and support is beautiful. I'm sending you positive vibes, love and blessings for that liquid sunshine to heal your body. ❤️
You guys are both incredible! I wanted to say something inspiring but I thought about it. You were the one that inspires me to do incredible things. I’m going to finally take my Italy trip and actually go! I made an appointment for my overdue mammogram! I’m exercising and eating right! I wish I had some answer for you about the cancer.
im sending so much love to you <3
-20, now that’s Canada cold. I wish you both the best and my prayers are with you during your treatment.
Stay strong to the both of you wishing to see you travel again♥️♥️ keep safe and godbless
As a 75 year young lady, mom of 3 girls (a year apart) now 54,53,52..gram of 4 -3 boys - 36,  34, 33 a granddaughter - just 36(: mom of my precious great Grandaughter LuLu- gg(of1 beautiful perfectly imperfect autistic baby 2 year old Angel of a girl❤️Lulu  I am putting you and Emon in my pray life.  You will survive this season of your beautiful life Bec ..
I love you <3 praying for you and Eamon
Thank you for sharing such a personal journey with us. Cancer is such a hard thing for me to topic for me to learn and ask about. Your videos have made it accessible for me and if I ever get cancer, it won’t be such a scary thing. Your videos is a guiding light for others. Thank you.
You are telling this story with such skill and heart.  Thank you. God bless you.  Sending healing energy.
We love you girl
Just had my first AC treatment 1 week ago today.  I didn't start this journey that healthy food and exercise wise, so I'm having to change my eating habits during this process.  I don't think I was that successful at that the first week.  It was a struggle to find something that I could keep down the first few days, and afterwards nothing quite tasted the same. Food has started to taste the same again, but it's hard to drink water, not because of the taste but because it makes me feel nauseous.  I plan to get better at going  for walks and getting healthier food and drinks in going forward.  Symptom wise, I've experienced being tired as well as nausea and dry mouth.  The actual chemo infusion part wasn't bad, but I'm still not looking forward to going back.  Thanks for posting your journey.  As always saying prayers that we alll make it through this and find ourselves stronger and healthier when it's all over (and cancer free for life).
My mother had breast cancer back in the stone age of medicine. There was no radiation of chemo - they removed her breast and gave her some kind of strong pills to take and then she waited as the years went by praying that it would not come back - and after 5 years, her doctor told her that she did not have to worry anymore. In the meantime, she got fitted with a prosthesis so she'd look good in a dress again. Mom lived to be 93 before she passed with stomach and colon cancer. It seems like on average, more people die from cancer than anything else - could it be from all the preservatives we consume? I suspect so.... It goes without saying, that I'll be praying for you Bec, and your wonderful patient husband, Eamon. God bless you both.
Thinking of both of you! I know how hard it can be for the people you love, when my sister was a baby she was diagnosed with infant acute meloid leukemia. She was battling cancer for a long time but she won. It was scary at times but she is cancer free. She is blind, austistic and her brain isn't mature. She got blind from her chemotherapy but we still love her the same. I know you can do it bec!
You’ve probably heard this a million times but it’s so cute that Bec calls you “bud” instead of “hun” or “babe”. You guys are friends first! What a lovely thing and I know you’ll be best buds through this transition and you’ll look back saying, “Gosh that was scary but weren’t we great?”
You two are a huge beacon of positivity. Thank you for sharing your upbeat attitudes. Even in this dark time you guys are a shining light. We are sending our healing thoughts your way❤️
🌺 Hi Bec! 1) Keep up with the organic plant-based diet because it'll help alleviate a lot of chemo side effects. 2)  Ask your doctor for a port catheter. It'll save your veins and much pains and bruising on wrist/hand.
Sending love you are a beautiful person
I love you two so much and keeping you in my thoughts and prayers ❤️
praying for you.
I saw Dr. berg’s video “The Best Thing about Intermittent Fasting.” He explained when fasting for long periods the body goes into autophagy and it is healing, gets rid of abnormal proteins, cell fragments and cancer cells.
I am sending the prayers and love and thoughts are with you and Eamon .hope you can get through this . You can get thru this . 💛🌞💛🌞💛💛🌞🌞💛
WE LOVE YOU BEC
You guys are so strong
My mother was gluten free and totally dairy free for 5 years prior to being diagnosed with ovarian cancer. She was the “pinnacle” of health and no one understood it. But if it weren’t for her overall health from this amazing lifestyle I don’t think she’s be here now. Her body healed “miraculously”, according to the doctor. Time after time her dietary habits and lifestyle saved her. She reversed needing dialysis with her eating habits after the doctor over administered a chemo drug and destroyed her kidneys.   You remind me so much of her and have absolutely no doubt you too will fight in the same mindful way as her. She always says “chemo is my friend, chemo is keeping me alive”. That positive mindset along with clean diet and community support, is what will get you out of this on top. Love to you and hubby 🥰
MAKE SURE YOU GET ANTI EMETIC with your infusion and ZOFRAN.  Reiki helps too!!!!!!!!!!  I never felt nauseous once.... AND DETOX your body with parsley and detoxifying foods
Even in your sickness you made me smile. Thank you for the icicle pictures,  and for sharing Oso with us. It seems he is helping your heart. I hope these months go quickly for you.
Hang on to the outcome. It’s a long, rough, emotional road but when you get that report saying treatment worked and you’re cancer free you’ll will be amazing. You have a wonderful support team. Stay positive even on the tough days
I'm sad that you have this burden ... Please try to live "Fear" free ... stress and anxiety weaken the immune function  ...  perhaps some day the western world will have treatments like some other countries which have cured cancer without radiation and chemo ...
You have hundreds of things to be grateful, just go outside and you can see that you are surrounded by beauty such as  the snow, the sky, the wind, the sun. You will be fine soon, you got this!
I have had cancer since I was born but we found out I had cancer when I was 11 months old they removed part of the cancer which made me partially blind so I know you can get through it if I can get through stuff like that since four 14 1/2 years I think I know you will get through it
Sending prayers.  Thinking of both of you often.
Oso needs a bit of a coat.  He’s a thin coated dog.
Thumbs at the red devil pee.  Thanks for showing us it all.  And, for being an example.
sending prayers and lots of positive vibes ❤️❤️❤️
💕😊🙏🙏🙏🙋‍♀️Everything is working out for you Bec and Eamon. All good things go before you ❤️💞💝
Love you guys. You got this girl!!!
I find myself praying for you all day I love u guys and the balls to do what u do not afraid to travel or anything but now is the time to listen to your body if it says sleep then sleep u will beat this I feel stupid caring about a stranger this much but I need u guys to take me  places I don't have the balls to go God bless you girl
Eamon, how are you doing?
You’ve got this👊🏻❤️❤️❤️🙏🏼
You are both doing so well. Watching you summon the courage to face everyday is Such an inspiration. You've got this, Bec!
Hello guys you both are such an inspiration even in the most difficult times you both have reached into your inner strength together.Bec don't lose hope you are amazing ,strong, and a beautiful human being.Lots of love from Florida U.S.
I am so thankful for your ability to share this with us. I am proud of the way you seem to be handling things. I know you still have your private moments but YOU GOT THIS. You are helping someone that is along and going through this. You are doing things and helping people you don't even know. God be with you on this journey. Peace be with you and Eamon.
Praying for your complete healing every night.🙏🙏🙏
Thank you for being brave enough to share your experience with us all … you will never know how many people this has helped . You two are amazing. Xxx
Thank you for sharing your journey! I will continue to keep you in my thoughts and prayers.❤️ I was also diagnosed with breast cancer when I was 32 yo. I had the “red devil” for my first 4/8 chemo treatments. They were the worst (overall), so you’ll look back and be grateful that you had it the first rounds. I too didn’t actually seek out any support groups until after it was all over (chemo & surgeries). Keeping a positive mind, rest when needed and move your body when you can is essential going through this! I’ve been following you guys for years and actually became plant-based after my cancer journey. I understand the frustration of wanting answers because of having a healthy lifestyle and then to get sick? My situation involved being BRCA 2 positive so I was able to understand it more and I hope that with the gen. testing it may help understand you as well. Keep doing what you’re doing! You have so much support behind you! That’s why we are called Warriors. Much love. 💕
I’ve walked in your shoes and I’m so damn proud of you! I’m SO glad that you’re treating aggressively! I didn’t journal or anything during my treatment experience, so watching your videos is triggering and healing at the same time. There is so much that I’ve forgotten. One in 8 women will get breast cancer in their lives. Many, many of your subscribers will have your journey as a frame of reference when they go through their own treatment. You’re doing a really brave and beautiful thing by sharing honestly. Sending you so many good thoughts, I think of you daily!
Sending so much Love and prayers your way! You are a warrior Bec! 💜
Before watching this video I just want to say REBECCA YOU ARE AN AMAZING PERSON and everything that’s put in your life will be beautifully handled by you, your husband and God I feel sad because I can only imagine what it is going thru this but can also feel your pain in my heart. You guys rock ❤️❤️we love you
Love to you all. The best advice I can give is take your husband's love and Oso's. I had my Harley but lost him in November. He was my rock.
You can make it Bec,  I know what you are going through, I went through 9 months of chemo.  Bendeka Rituxan is the treatmen I was on.  If you ever need to reach out I will always be here.  You can do this ur a tough girl
Thank you for sharing this content, as difficult as it may be for you..I have been watching you for years and will follow this journey with you with as much love and support I can send mentally to you both...I don’t pray often but have been for you Bec..you can do this..strong mental positive attitude ..lots of virtual hugs and love to you both..louise xxx
Ok so are we keeping Mr.Oso?? Cuz I’m thinking you should.
Best wishes on your journey. I did chemo for 12 weeks starting in Jan 2021 and did Herceptin every 3 weeks from Jan-Dec 2021. My husband couldn't go as well and it tortured him to not be there with me. Stupid COVID!!!!!  But the oncology nurses were absolutely wonderful and took great care of me. The chairs were heated, reclined and had massagers, there were heated blankets, internet access and my own little TV in a curtained cubicle was surprisingly relaxing. They provided drinks and snacks as well -  I just tried to relax. They told me to ask if I needed anything - so if you need something - say something - they can usually accommodate. Hang in there - you can do it!
Hi Bec & Eamon , you're both very incredible,  much much Love , God Bless 💗
Also kissing hair never spoken about that I’ve lost hair 4timea and loved been bold enjoy it rock it love it and add hat if cold as wigs are not fun I’d rather be bald loved it as now like every other time I’ve had curly hair x
Omg this life can be scary but be positive alway as that is where you fight this. I’ve been fighting lymphoma from 2016 and not had break much since been diagnosed as keeps coming back but I’m still here and I just want make memories now so hopefully this chemo I’m on now will give me some joy love life etc. Please keep positive as it helps lots x thinking off you x Life can be hard be do what your body says which is mostly sleep etc
Sending you all the strength and love in the universe! You GOT THIS! Thank you for sharing your journey with us❤
Love the Bob cut!!! Sending positive thoughts and prayers. Thank you for sharing your journey, you made me smile and cry. Love to you and Eamon, you arw blessed with your partner.
prayers and positive thoughts  your way 💕
You both are so strong!!
The most important “journey” is ahead for both of you, just so tough but you can do this! What a beautiful couple such LOVE thank you very much for sharing!  The sun is shining for you both! 🙏💜💙🌞🌻🌻
So much love and admiration for you you guys.
Thinking about you both and sending lots of love and healing energy.  May this experience make you stronger as individuals and  as a couple.  Take it a day at a time.  Count every single victory, no matter how small. Stay true to yourself and don't be fearful of speaking your needs.    Find the beauty, the lessons and even the humor.  Idk why, but when I was going through my own cancer journey I found humor in so many weird parts of the journey.    But always know that NO ONE can tell you how to get through this... We all find our own way and the two of you will find your path through this too.  Much love to you both.
I’m having an emotional day today, all the tears, and it’s more of feeling like “oh, that’s so beautiful” and “wow,  that just makes me so happy… or grateful… appreciative… “ and I was just all choked up and weepy and feeling all the feels watching this video. Bec, you’re a rockstar! I love your wholistic approach and your positivity through this journey. I also love your honesty and candidness. Eamon, you’re a beautiful friend and partner. I can tell that you feel helpless to do anything to make it better for her, but you are definitely all in and stepping up with the love and support. Don’t forget that when it feels like you can’t do enough. Oso is adorable. What a sweet personality he has. I am so glad that you got a dog and have the animal support too. I’m wishing you all the best and please know that those of us who have been following your journey through the last few years or more are sticking right by you through this as well. You are loved and cared for. Be well. ❤️
Do you guys have a P.O. Box 📦,would love to send some goodies from our tribe down here in Southwest Az! I’m about an hour or so from Quartside. Somerton Az The Cocopah Tribe . Also I realize I’m signed in my sons YouTube .Praying for both of you,I know my S.O would be beside himself. He already takes good care of me. I deal with pain 24/7. I also have non fatty liver disease due to uncontrolled diabetes so I love watching both of you cook. Maybe I can send to your business address,I really don’t know how I go about this. Love you both and you have been on my mind Bec! Much love from me Natasha Esquerra. 🥰
Eamon and Bec - so much  I could say but will sum it up by saying we love you so much always - but more than ever right now. Bec keep smiling beautiful one - you are doing great! So are you Eamon - can't be easy watching your loved one in such discomfort. You are both amazing for sharing this with us and we are so grateful ❤❤❤❤🤗
This is one of the most beautiful and inspiring videos I've ever seen
Hi guys just wondering how you are feeling today Bec. It's Thurs. 24. Just thinking about you guys and hope you are doing ok. My Mom went threw this for 6yrs. Once she started feeling better... then another treatment. That will beat u down but NEVER  give up. You guys got this.  SENDING LOVE FROM LONDON, ONT. Chase says "keep on swimming Beckers lol" he's so cute. Hugs from us both. Oooh and our new little Puppy Buddy. Take care ❤️ 🇨🇦
You continue to be nothing short of an absolute inspiration, Bec. Praying that this 'liquid sunshine' does all that it needs to do and that you receive complete and total healing in all ways ❤❤❤
You"re doing GREAT your so STRONG i am thinking of you greetings and lots of love for the both of you from  the Netherlands
I pray that I find unconditional love like this.
I pray that I find unconditional love like this.
Cannabis is a great antinausea drug 😘
So brave of you to share all of this. My cousin was diagnosed last year at the age of 28 with breast cancer. It was so hard to watch her go through it but just like you, she was so brave and proactive regarding her diet and treatment. All the best to you as you move forward in this journey. My cousin is doing really well and is now cancer-free.
When I got chemo for my bc I also called it sunshine! Truly the right mindset! <3
TiffanyThinks is currently vlogging her cancer journey too.
You should get a chest port. I've watched a lot of YouTube cancer journeys and they all swear by the chest port. Reason: to avoid the iv poke every time you go for iv's. Just one poke and they hook into IT every time.
Bec is an angel
Sending you lots of healing energy. You are so beautiful and so strong, you got this!  And you have an amazing support system that incudes a personal chef ;)
best wishes for you! Keep good vibes rolling!
Disability and Illness can hit no matter what we do or don't do. It's hard to find yourself dealing with something you thought you LifeProofed against. It's terrifying to look into the void.
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Hey, there is a therapy called "immune therapy" it's in a testphase right now, so not avaible for everyone, but even my mother in breastcancer stage 4 recovered from it in a couple of months. Please try to find this because I really believe it could save your life. LG
Continue d prayers for you healing.  You are brave and strong .
Greetings from the end of the 401. Just a quick note to let you know that we are thinking of you and sending our warmest, healing energy your way.
You should try out the Oura ring to track your bodies temperature and recovery at in the same place over time. I love mine! Could be helpful ❤
sending love and magic
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=_4nsquIkfSQ&feature=youtu.be
I just want to say that it's totally ok if you end up going more blog-style and less cinematic style for these update posts as you spend more time focusing on yourself. We're here for you.
Eamon: could I do anything buddy...could I rub your back?   Bec: no.   Me and my partner anytime I'm sick 😅
Stay Positive, that is the best advice I can give you!
😕🥰
Check out this channel on tik tok whaticookformymom with cancer
You are amazing! Keep positive!
I Thank you for sharing your personal journey. I hope it’s ok to say I read a good article about fasting, keto and cancer. With chemotherapy. I thought of you. I know you both live a very healthy lifestyle and do fasting. Anyhow, if interested let me know. I just want to say thought I’m turning 70 I just love your videos and have come to treasure you both. Sending love and gentle hugs.
I know how hard chemo would be, my mother was diagnosed with this breast cancer … and I have seen her with this chemo struggle and giving a you great strength ❤️❤️ wishing you a speedy recovery bec❤️❤️
"" I am woman , watch me roar "".,. You are a remarkable lady .. Your inner strength  is Amazing .. I am a guy that watched you both on La Vagabonde , as a result I now watch both channels . With all the Love & Support that you Both are getting , you will Sail through this  . Just look at the comments below , you are not alone  . Awesome .. aussie bob 🐕🐕🕊🕊❤❤❤🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹
Bec you're going through what has to be one of the Hardest thing A human can go threw. Its ok to cry and show emotion  It is natural  you have nothing to be ashamed about in fact you are  Brave to show all this on film that can't be easy too. I wish you the Best Bec you got this and when the times get hard remember you have a lot fighting this you have Soooo many people be hind cheer/rooting you on threw this more people then you ever will know. I hope that alone will stop and make you smile and know you got this its not just you fighting it you have a community right along with you. YOU GOT THIS BEC!
You're so beautiful and strong and you got this!! You're loved from all over the world and even if you guys won't meet all of us, just know we stand by you and we know it will be all alright! We are with you and following all your steps. I'm sending you love and kisses from the Netherlands❤
Thank you for fostering Oso! With what you're dealing with, most people would have thought a foster dog is too much. This vid shows how much love and joy he brings to you. Sending all of you positive thoughts.
You got this!!!
It will get better my mom has cancer and she gets 6 hours of chemo every three weeks but they give her nausea medication while getting chemo so she doesn’t get nauseous. And just stay positive! Stay around positive loving energy!❤️ good luck 🍀 All your symptoms are normal and will only get worse but trust me as soon as you finish the chemo you’ll feel much better. I know my moms hands and feet change color they are purple/black. Her mouth gets dry so use the toothpaste and mouth wash called Biotene it helps. Stay strong❤️
❤️❤️❤️ If possible I would absolutely stop taking any kind of birth control!! It’s a dishonesty and deception in the North American lifestyle that female oral birth control doesn’t contribute to cancer because it’s one of the biggest things and why so many people in our generations and our parents are seeing breast cancer and PCOS. I’ve recently stopped myself and I’ve been doing temperature reading daily.  We love you SO much Becs, you are honestly an angel on earth and you WILL beat this!! ❤️❤️❤️
I know relatives who smoked two packs a day until the end of life and was as healthy as ever and others who were living a healthy life and had cancer five times. One of the oldest women to live was 115 or so and always smoked a pack a day ate a chocolate bar a day and never had cancer, she only stopped smoking as she lost her sight well into the hundreds as she was embarrassed to light it with help.
My best wishes on this journey...sending lots of love and strenght your way. Theres nothing you can not overcome. My family and I have also been going through unexpected diagnosis from our loved one... all we can do is stay together, strong, and stay hopeful. All I know is that we will do all that is in our hands to tackle what comes ahead. Life is so interesting, always giving us experiences to make us stronger. Im proud of you too Bec. ❤️
I just wanna let you know that IMMA cancel survival. I always look forward to see your videos and see your journey I pray every day for you that your day will be great, believe in God he will heal you like to play with me. Know that never give up it’s just the beginning of a new life
Please please consult with your oncologist about getting a port inserted! I had cancer and for my first chemo i didn’t had one and it was terrible. My veins got so messed up. For my relapse chemo I had a port and it was much better, easier access and they can use it for blood draws, fluids, transfusions.
You're doing great! 🥰
Sending you so much love as you and your family walk through this healing process. Would love to see you add some medicinal mushrooms to your healing process - Turkey Tail, Sun Blaze, and Agaricon - look up some of Paul Stamets you tube videos about his moms healing through breast cancer in her 80’s with this combination of medicinal mushrooms. I’m sure you are getting tons of alternative advices and as a medical herbalist I have had many clients successfully using these medicinal mushrooms.  Much much love as this process continues to all of you, from Florida - Nana Kelli
The one thing that you a missing is God to walk you threw this tough spot God bless
Bec, I just want to say it is so inspiring to hear your story and your devotion to finding positivity in difficult moments. It helps me find a little more strength during my hard times. Sending you all the love and light. I believe in you!
Keeping you in my prayers.  Have you considered cutting your hair now and donating it?  What a gift that would be.
🥰
For Eamon and Bec, there is a theory that says: the body mechanism is perfect there is not such a thing as cells attacking our own body, the body aches and sicknesses are an expression of what is going on in your life and how your mind and soul is handling, sometimes is a traumatic experience that we think it didn't affect us but is in there in our consciousness and still hurting and it manifests in the form of a sickness, so  To alleviate and recover the health of the body, we have to work on those emotions, those experiences of the past or the present, that do not allow them to be completely happy, so, talk as much, resolve everything that needs to be resolved emotionally, and also trust the wisdom and strength of your own body that is intelligent and interactive and that every cell in it is renewing itself every second, so every second it has a chance to restore itself. I don't know you directly, but I love you guys, I want you to be happy. Do your work and your research, you will be amazed of how many people have recovered health avoiding quimo.
Y’all’s positivity is inspiring! Keep on going! You guys can handle anything
You are both so strong! I wish you all the best ❤️
For all the people with this kind of experiences, I invite you to investigate about alternative treatments that are not as invasive as quimo, there are many people that had over come cancer with that alternatives in a faster and peaceful way, note: I'm not here to start a discussion, if it resonates this in your heart do your research, other ways let it go, I just want to help... So there is a scorpion venom treatment, there is the healing emotions, experience and trauma therapy, other people did one of those and add to that Pranic healing to the process.
Love & prayers ♥️
sending strength and healing vibes~so much love!
Hi just want to say that I am thinking I’d you both and that you are amazing people always told me that laughter is the best medicine so stay positive.
Oh Bec, you and Eamon both radiate such great strength and positivity despite these tough times. Thinking about you both and knowing this is just a hurdle to get over ❤️
Sending Peace✌🏼 and Love❤ your way 🌞
❤❤❤❤❤
You are both so strong, I send you so many good vibes from France, you deserve it as beautiful person :)
Going so well you guys. Hang in there
Sending love and big Welsh Cwtches ( hugs) ! You are amazing and so brave.  you are my  hero going through this the toughest time of your life and sharing it so you can help others understand and help those going through similar things get some perspective and help knowing they are not alone! Love you both!💋💋
Had my last chemo on Friday. I'm going for my planning CT scan tomorrow and think I'm starting radiotherapy in March. Be kind to yourself and do what makes you happy. I'm a little surprised that you're letting your dog lick your face though. I've 2 dogs and was warned about picking up infections and to double bag the dog poo and wash my hands really well afterwards. I think that a dogs mouth is full of bacteria. It's hard and maybe I'm being overly cautious ❤️
Love u bec❤️
❤️❤️❤️
I had a cousin who was diagnosed with Leukemia at a 5 years old and had to go through chemo as well. It was heartbreaking to see him during the time and I know this has to be just as difficult for you two to go through it. We are thinking and supporting you through this tough time 💗
This is incredibly hard and heartbreaking but i'm wishing you all my love and strength in this trying moment. Give your body all the rest that it needs.
wishing you nothing but happiness <33 such inspirational and strong people :,)
best of luck! i will pray for you guys, stay strong and we all know u can do it and beat this crap!
Sending light, love and healing hugs to you both and to your families. 💞💞💞💞
Sending you all the love and light I can from all the way over in Australia, you are such an inspirational woman Bec and I just adore you and your honesty it’s so raw and real... I truly wish nothing but good things for you and I to share your positive energy about it working out for you, I also like to think that Lee’s soul will be with you every step of the way keeping you safe and guiding you back to your truest self in no time xoxooxoxoxox
Jesus is coming back. Are you ready?? Have you passed life’s one and most important test of accepting Christ as your Lord and Savior?? The bible says not everyone who gets to Heaven and knocks will be able to get into Heaven. But it is he that does the will of my Father. Tomorrow is not guaranteed. Once we get into eternity there is no turning back. We are going to be in the paradise of God, eternal bliss, or eternal condemnation. The bible says in the end those who are not going to Heaven will suffer so much they will seek death and it will not find them. This is the punishment for rejecting Christ as Lord and Savior. Repent today! The day of the Lord is at hand! Escape the wrath that is to come!! Did you know the bible says most people are going to Hell? There is a narrow road to get to Heaven and very few find it? Why is this? Because we are dead in trespasses and unable to have full revelation of the bible and God’s will for our lives. We need the merciful gift from God of regeneration. This is where God brings us to life and leads us to repentance and the turning away from a life of sin and leads us to accept him as our Lord and Savior. We become servants of Christ rather than slaves of sin. The bible says unless a man be born again he will not enter the Kingdom of Heaven. and that we must examine ourselves to be sure we are in the faith! Is your eternity assured? Have you been reborn from above? I pray today that you will ask the Holy Spirit to regenerate you, teach you his word, and lead you to him if he hasn’t already.  Titus 3:5 - Not by works of righteousness which we have done, but according to his mercy he saved us, by the washing of regeneration, and renewing of the Holy Ghost; Matthew 19:28 And Jesus said unto them, Verily I say unto you, That ye which have followed me, in the regeneration when the Son of man shall sit in the throne of his glory, ye also shall sit upon twelve thrones, judging the twelve tribes of Israel. 29And every one that hath forsaken houses, or brethren, or sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or children, or lands, for my name's sake, shall receive an hundredfold, and shall inherit everlasting life. But many that are first shall be last; and the last shall be first. If you continue in my word you are my disciple indeed Give thanks in everything for this is the will of God concerning you I will bless the Lord at all times his praise shall continually be in my mouth
All the best to you!
Sending healing love and light . Thank you for your honest sharing
You’re doing so good Bec and Eamon. I know exactly what you’re going through having had the same diagnosis and treatment. Especially the red devil. That’s what made my hair fall out, so my brother helped me to shave it all off. It’s going to work well for you, so I pray you’ll do well with it all. It’s definitely scary but you have amazing support. We’re with you all the way on this survival journey. Then we’ll see you on another van life journey, like my fam surprised me with a end of chemo trip to Mexico.
It's so generous of you both, and Oso (Orso?) to share all this. It's heartening to see you go through everything and keep having your days. Good to see you bounce back and make sense as you go. Blessings to you all.❤❤❤
You got this girl much Love from Texas ❤️
Sending so much love. These videos give me so much joy and faith.
I am loving being grateful for the little things. You are so amazing as always. You hair is super cute. 🌸💕
Sorry I accidentally hit send. As a result I have done my exam, so it was a surprise when I was diagnosed with the kidney cancer.  I live near Houston, Texas. I am lucky because I also have a team of great doctors. I have done chemo, immuno therapy and radiation but this cancer is tricky and we are having a hard time getting rid of it. At the beginning of this journey someone gave me a rubber bracelet which says “.it’s Personal+. I wear it every day and the letters have rubbed off. This bracelet reminds me that though I have the support of so many, it is still my battle. So I have tell everyone around me not to cry and to instead pray because cry bing is wasted energy.   I try to remain positive even when it hurts. I truly wish you well Bec. You are a beautiful human being and like me you have a wonderful man who makes you laugh. Laughter is so importan.   I will continue watching you progress because I have good vibes for you. Sorry it was so long.
I went through 17 rounds of chemo at 13 and I will say to drink as much as you can even if it doesn’t taste good it will help and if you can’t get a g-j tube it will help trust me it worked and I will be sending you all the prayers I can and I will try to coment things to help and the shot after every one put the numming cream on it and it doesn’t hurt and if you can get a port it helps and keep a duffel packed with closes for late night trips and I had the red devil too and it’s not as bad as it sound for me it gave me mouth sores and made me ace but if you put boiten  it help and try to make friends with your nurse it help and bring a stuff animal to me it help and you can name it you husbands name I hope this all help
ON ON
You're doing great Bec, Cancer is a tough battle, I myself went through similar treatment for Ewing sarcoma, the side effects of chemo are just a physical and emotional rollercoaster and you doing Great.  Just a reminder, you are Beautiful!!!!!!!!!
thinking of you always. you've got this :)
Hi my name isJuani (Wani). I was diagnosed in August of 2019 with Stage 4 Kidney Cancer. I have debated in my mind whether to write this comment or not. In the long run I felt sharing my journey could help you, if for no other reason but to entertain you. My mother was diagnosed in 1991with Stage 4 Breast Cancer. Unfortunately we lost her that same year.
My mother in law starts tomorrow i pray for your strength and healing.
@Eamon & Bec Community - I hope everyone will join in. Please make a pledge, pledge to watch every video of Bec's journey - leave a comment of encouragement , or something for Bec to be positive for, something for her to read as this journey gets rough.    For Bec - here was my favorite quote while I had my own cancer journey:  "Fate whispered to the warrior - you cannot withstand the storm. The warrior whispered  back:  I am the storm" (Quote by: Jake Remington-I think)  For Eamon, sending strength and positive juju as you take care of Bec.
Day by day ❤️
I appreciate so much that you and your team/loved ones are able to acknowledge what it’s like for our partners to stand by second by second through such a journey. Sending my love ❤️
Sending lots of love to you both. 😘😘
Your hair cut looks so good, sorry to see you feeling so bad, but hurray to him being such a partner.
Bec, I'm posting under my husband's account.  I'm Tina.  We have watched you guys for several years now.  We have a van and an RV and a house.  We live in Florida.  We also exercise daily and eat plant-based foods.  We are older than you guys but have always been very healthy.  I just wanted to say that I have been going through a very freak and random medical situation the last two years.  I'm getting better and it's been a very long journey.  It's heartbreaking and so difficult.  I have not been nearly as positive as you.  I'm actually still running daily and feel strong in many ways.  But I have a few hurdles yet to climb in my medical journey.  I just wanted you to know that I have some idea what you are feeling.  And watching you is helping me feel just a little more normal.  It's extremely frustrating to be the one who has always been healthy and just get dealt a bad hand.  But I'm getting better and you will too!  I really believe that.  These 5 months for you will come and go, and you will be strong and healthy again.  And probably closer than ever to Eamon and everyone you love. :)
Sending you both strength and peace as you walk this journey together
The positivity you both bring is so beautiful! Sending endless love during this journey <3
You've got this. My mom lives a very similar lifestyle, works out every day, eats organic, avoids single use plastics. She developed breast cancer and then after, developed breast implant illness due to an undiagnosed autoimmune disorder (hashimotos). She is doing amazing, advocating for women, attempting to ensure the health professionals who work with women take our complaints and concerns seriously. We as a family try to support her by taking our health seriously, going to the doctor even when it's scary.   Her biggest recommendations for people going through it are arnica for swelling/bruising and to aid in healing (actually prescribed by her surgeon), a breast surgery pillow (we sewed one at home), cozy socks, a good show, and a lot of grace. No one asks for this but you have the opportunity to help so many by sharing. Thank you and sending so many healing thoughts.
I told my oldest friend's sister when she had breast cancer, everything im telling you. Of course a little more....but, you're going to have boobs of a teenager! Any size you want! And you will feel bad, of course,  but you are a warrior. And you will never, ever give up.  Your life is too beautiful to ever give anything other than your all. When I started to have my hair fall out, I had a mullet! A freaking mullet. You've got this!!!
I want to watch, but I just can't. Too many triggers. But I do wish you all the very best.
I am also a cancer patient you pray to Jehovah Rapha that is God‘s name in the Bible for the great healer and you will see miracles happen I promise you🙏🙏🙏
are you going to adopt Oso!
Hey. I have personally gained so much energy and good feelings from your videos. Your perseverance and intensity as well as the thought and intention you put into all your projects absolutely inspires me. I'm praying for you I can see your anxiety triggering you. I have PTSD and when I'm triggered I have more anger than anything. I'm sure you are feeling it but I appreciate how you are so graceful in it. Sending love and good energy for you both. Thank you for sharing.
You guys are just amazing humans! Will be sending you almost positive vibes and prayers your way! Stay strong you got this Bec! 🥰🥰💛💛
Soursop tea  And or consuming soursop. Check out Krystal alkaline doula on Facebook(her herbal teas work and cure).
Hi sorry for my typo 🤣. You just hang in there I promise you will overcome . The both of you make such a great team . You both are lovely couple . Take care Bec you are a soldier . Prayers positive thoughts  sending  you .💐💖🙂🙏🙏🙏
Sending love to both of you ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Hang in there Bec, this is a one day at a time journey.   You’re going to have good days, bad days and everything in between.  As a breast cancer survivor I think the best advice my oncologist gave me was “Don’t worry about the what if’s, if you do it will just make you both emotionally sick and physically ill”. I’m a firm believer that despite what might feel like one’s darkest hour there is light to be found.  It’s wonderful you already practice a healthy lifestyle and diet that’s a huge plus.  Try to remember your doctors and their staff are there for you so if you have a ? ask. If you’re in pain, feel sick in anyway ask for help. Last this is your own personal cancer journey, so however you feel or respond to any given part of your treatment it’s OK. Sending you lots of warm hugs & love and most of all I’m praying for you daily.
God willing everything will be perfect soon .  In no time you will overcome this  and go on living a perfect life and share it with us. Your spirits are unbelievably  inspiring  SOOOO proud of you guys ❤️🌻
I just love you guys, such an inspiration. ❤️
You two are so STRONG! I love you guys, sending all the healing energy throughout this process. Today is a beautiful day to be alive.
Visualize kicking the shit out of the cancer. Because your body will fight because you are strong.  You are strong!
Bec I have been through breast cancer. Invasive ductal carcinoma. Diagnosed Nov 5 2019. I'd love to talk you if you would be up to it. Sounds like we went through the same thing rite before the pandemic started. I will not tell you all the bad or what to expect I'd just like to offer some positive suggestions. When I was going thru it I wish I had someone to talk to that went through what I did. So the offer is there if you would like....
Being vegan will help. I promise. I've had cancer twice and being vegan will help!!
Bec
Hi Bec. I would like to send love, good vibes, positive energy  and healing to you. I am praying for  both you and Eamon. ❤️
I was just thinking about. Today is day 7 after chemo and the first day I've been able to eat and shower. Just showering is so exhausting. Stay strong.
Sending so much love ❤️
Absolutely love the music choice 🥰 you’re so strong Bec- you too Eamon! ❤️ oso came right when you needed him before you even knew it. Are you two planning on keeping him now?
this makes me so emotional to see because my dad went through this too, and he passed away last december after 15 years of a cancer battle. I especially know Eamon’s journey, and I hope things end differently for you both. Keep your light and positivity alive. Sometimes it’s all you have, besides eachother. ❤️
Bec, I’m so proud of you. Eamon, you’re the best partner anyone could ask for. Although this is hard, I’m grateful you’re taking us on this journey with you. I’m praying for better days ahead ❤️ this world needs both of you here for a long while yet xx
✌️❤️
We love youuuuu Stay stronggggg
So proud of both of you for handling all of this with such grace and finding the positivity and light in the darkest of your days. I ugly cried throughout this entire video just wishing that you weren’t going through this. We’re with you - cheering you on, Bec. You got this!!
Sending positive energy your way. Hang in there, I just finished my 8th round of chemo and surgery is scheduled for March 3rd.  It has been my experience that days 3,4 &5 after a chemo treatment are the worse days, from day 6 and on I would feel much better.  Good luck to you on this journey keep positive, keep strong.
Got you in my meditations you've got you strong woman, Eamon has you and the universe has got your back and we all got you in our healing energy.
Hang on in there.
Sending you good thoughts, positive vibes and prayers. One day at a time, so glad you have so many supporters and a great family!
Fasting can help during chemo treatments helps attack unhealthy cells! You guy’s have fighting mentality 💪
You both are in my prayers. God gives his toughest battles to his strongest warriors, and you both are so strong, especially together. So much love for you both! Beck is going to look like a badass with short hair <3
I’m inspired and in complete AWE of you Bec! ( & of you Eamon) ♥️ Regardless of belief systems in praying to God for quick healing and strength for you! ♥️
My thoughts are with you and hope for the best for you both. I’ve enjoyed following your journey.
❤️❤️❤️❤️
Sending you both Love and Peace
Dear Bec, it's so sad to see you having to go through iv treatment without company. Hopefully this will change soon, most countries are reopening and allowing visitors in hospital. Sending all my love and good vibes
Thinking of you ♥️♥️
Sending love and healing prayers to you💞🙏💒💖.
Hang in there! You guys are amazing to watch and I am praying for you Bec! You are strong! You will beat this!
Love you guys from Morrocco casablanca and i hope from the bottom of my heart that you gona be better Bec
I think you pay for success. I ask for nothing and I appreciate everything.
wishing the best for you, subscribing to follow your journey <3
Your vegan and your sick. I am so sorry.
I know someone really close to when through the same and she is fine today 14 years later please add beets juice 🥤 it good for cleaning your blood after the liquid ☀️ Always keep you in my prayers this morning was praying for you so God can bring complete healing in the name of Jesus 🙌🙏♥️ God bless everyone 🙏
I want to do something...I want to be a man and fix this for you. I know Eamon would do the same. As you know, you are not alone in this. My wishes for your continued good attitude and strength. My heart is with you and Eamon.
Good bless you both!
PLEASE read the Cancer Code by Dr. Jason Fung. Find out if your cancer feeds on sugar. If it does, STAY away from carbs, which means fruits and most veggies as they break down into sugars. Instead, eat organic meats, eggs, and green cruciferous veggies only.  Eating fruits and veggies because they break down into sugars can be absolutely the wrong thing to do as some cancers thrive on that. To starve them, you need to eat healthy fats. like pressed from avocado, coconut, and butter.
I am so so so sorry… I haven’t been on YouTube for a few months and did not know. I am so incredibly sorry. So much love and strength to you! Kick cancers ass!!! 💕💕💕💕💕
You are so brave both of you! My heart an my entire family’s positive thoughts an hearts go out to you. I’ve been following your channel for about 2 years an I think you both are amazing human beings an i belive in positive thinking an we are send you tons an tons of them!!!
My mom had breast, lung, and brain cancer. She lived for 15 years. Definitely try Coriolis mushroom, moringa tea, and always monitor your red/white blood cells since doctors may overlook that. Sending you lots of love ❤️
You guys are so strong.! Praying for complete healing Bec.! What is this thing "liquid Sunshine" you are all talking about?
Praying for you all…knowing it’s all going to be okay. Big hugs. Big kisses. 💝😘😘
Don't know you but I love you both. Praying fervently.
Omg I cried so hard watching this. I love y’all both and prayers for y’all. Your love for each other is so inspiring. I love the new hair cut makes you look so young!!
Hugsssss, hugsssss and some more hugssss
Eamon is a rock star.
Y’all are so amazing and strong im great full to have found your channel your story will help so many people hopefully there are other men out there that are strong like Eamon and stand beside there loved one it takes a really special person to stay strong and be all in like y’all are for each other it’s a gift for us to watch your journey stay strong saying prayers for you always much love
Prayers for wellness, healing and courage thru it all. You are. Both strong and a team . 🌸☀
so proud of you both bec and eamon. stay strong !!
I'm so sorry you're going through this.... I just finished in June of 2020  with triple negative chemo and radiation and then surgery. The only good thing chemo did for me was to shrink the tumor.  I am also vegan and my doc tried to put an end to that!  I said no way am I eating flesh just because you are ignorant of what veganism is and how to live this lifestyle!!  He backed off.
Sending all the love and positive energy 🌺❤️🌞
Though you are not my daughter, I feel as though you are a huge part of my family even though we are complete strangers, but really we aren’t because you and Eamon have brought your lives into our lives, so know you are loved and in my thoughts daily. We love you.♥️🌼
Absolutely been watching you guys for 3 years or so it's crazy when 2 vidoes ago we found out u have cancer. Ur so strong and beautiful u got this don't worry keep ur head up
Bec you are the Princes Warrior  so we have no doubt that you will prevail in this great challenge.   Our entire family and community is sending You Bec,  Eamon, and baby Ozo (Bear) our Love and prayers every day and night.  Know in those moments of great difficulty  that we are sending golden angels to carry you through it.  Keep  your Beautiful Golden Light of  Love wrapped tightly around you all.  For it is the pathway the Universe will use to deliver the Love and strength from us all.   I know the next 5 months will fly by in a flash and you only remember Love and Joy.  We all Love you! God Bless!
Hi Eamon and Bec, i just want you to know Bec, that Im sorry to hear you are dealing with cancer and i hope you recover very soon.  My mother inlaw had breast cancer and among the things that helped speed up her recovery were these two matters.  1: Starve the cancer cells: Eliminate all animal protein from your diet (fish, milk, meat, eggs etc.) 2: Prevent cell damage: At sunset (bedtime) you should go to sleep in a room with no artificial lighting on or electronic devices.  Stay positive and take each day as it comes, live life in the moment and dont allow the cancer to get you down. I know thats easy for me to say, but believe me having a positive state of mind helps your body to fight and withstand as much as possible, whatever the ailment.
I want you to know that Jesus loves you and he can heal you from all sickness. I don't know if you know him but pray to the Lord Jesus Christ, ask for healing, read his word which can not only bring healing to your physical body but also renew your mind.   (Isaiah 53:5, “But He was wounded for our transgressions, He was bruised for our iniquities; The chastisement for our peace was upon Him, And by His stripes, we are healed.” ) I pray the lord Jesus would heal you.
Thank you for sharing your journey with all of us!  You are brave and beautiful, both of you!!!! 🧡
This seems so difficult.  I wish you the best dear ❤ I'm sending you love, prayers, hope, love, positive energy, healing energy. I wish you the best dear. I'm sending you trust energy that things will go smoothly for you 🙏 ✨ 💯 💛❤💓💜🎯💚🥰❤💛💚💓💜🎯
Bec you are being so strong .. you got this !!! Eamon your a great boyfriend.  Much love and prayers for this tough time ❤️
Oh my gosh, I love you guys 💚 thinking of you and sending hugs x
Dear Bec...and of course dear Eamon...I know so many are writing to you. I just want you to know that the thing I felt grateful for, as you reminded us to be in the video, is you. You just have such a sweet spirit and so much love. Your joy, and your "together joy," have blessed us all for several years now. It's our joy and our privilege to join you in this journey and cheer you on in the fight. To give you a big horseshoe in your boxing glove today in that fight, let me just tell you the short version of my sister's journey with cancer. She was diagnosed with the 2nd to last stage of ovarian cancer, stage 3c. It's staged differently than others, with 4 being the last (no letters). She was in very difficult odds, and had a large abdominal surgery, three types of chemo. After 18 months of remission (good sign with ovarian to go that long), she came out of remission--and they beat it back in. She had prayer in every church in town. :) She committed herself to God and healthy eating and continued to work with a doctor she had chosen and trusted. She had fun with the most beautiful wigs! Long story short, she is back in remission and has been there ever since. That was back in 2008! Her original diagnosis was in 2006, recurrence in 2008, and has been cancer-free ever since...14 more beautiful years and she is enjoying it more because of the wisdom gained. She is cancer-free today (and still avoiding excess iron and iron skillets). I'm grateful every day for my sister, her spirit, her fight, and her victories--over fear and over dread--you do it scared when necessary and it still works. :)  Eamon...I so feel with you...felt that empty feeling as you had to watch her walk away to treatment while you stood watching, and walked back to the vehicle by yourself...I so felt that! Better days are ahead. -*-Better Days Are Ahead!-*- !!! Thank you for all the joyful and meaningful and heart-filled videos. Without having met you in person, I've met your spirits, and I love you guys. Like many others, I'm with you in the journey. "In the morning, there comes joy." Hugs and much love to you.-- Mary
Bec, even when you are at your lowest, you still have the ability to spread so much joy with your positivity and love. You are doing amazing and Eamon you are smashing it too buddy. Always hard to be the one on the side lines. Keep pushing and can’t wait to hear about everything week by week. I have watched you both for years and years and I just love watching the love you have for each other. It reminds me that all we need is love and support from people we admire and love to feel happiness and joy. Sending all my love and prayers! Xx
You live such a healthy lifestyle by eating plant base food.  Have you read any of Max Gerson books on healing our bodies with the juices from organic greens and certain vitamins?   May Light & Love fill your heart and soul!!!!
U R amazing Bad A… Woman. With admiration, respect and empathy. Keep leading, sharing, getting and giving help. 🙏👍☮️🍀😇💪🏻🏡
Praying for y’all!
Praying for you guys! So glad you got a dog! He will help you when you’re not feeling the best. A few years ago, my husband fell off a roof and our cat was such a comfort for me…can’t imagine life with out my cats!
I hope you get thru this time in your life!!  It's going to be a crazy journey and you have tons of support!! Wishing you both the best of luck!!
Hope the best works out for you.
If you two have a PO box id love to send you one of my good friends hoodies. They're super comfortable and warm. They also have the zippers at the top for a port for chemo.  She designs them and lives in Alaska. Or i could see if she can send you one. ❤👍😁
🙏
Sending lots of love and well wishes.
We are all here for you Eamon and Bec sending positive energy vibes your way. You guys got this and we got your back
Best wishes through this difficult time. Please review food intake that are soybean based such as tofu.   I know several people, including myself, who are breast cancer survivors. You will be okay.
Sorry for my ignorance, i missed a few.what symptons lead to your diagnosis?
You got this.
I’m a new subscriber and I came across your channel and the story I’m just praying for y’all and I hope y’all watch my channel as well ❤️❤️❤️❤️ you😘😘
Hey Eamon and Bec, If I’d like to send you a lovely package/ surprise where can I send the package to? If you are not sharing your address at this time I understand, I’m sending you all my best wishes and positive thoughts for your journey right now.
Again I'm sending you two so much  love and healing energy! I'm so grateful for your existence, you two simply being good humans sharing the same air as the rest of us. May the hope you give us be returned to you 10 fold.
I love you guys trust in the lord he will provide
I love how you guys document this journey. I know it was hard for my family when we found out our mom has breast cancer but after months of pain and crying we have made it out alive and my mom had her surgery and we have started the long road to recovery. But it just want to say I’m 12 and it was hard but we made it through. Acupuncture was a great way to relive my mom from pain but I really hope you get better
I’m a retired oncology nurse and it is very hard for me to watch you go through this treatment.  I love your beautiful soul you are such a sweet person. I’m sending you love and lots of white light. Your not alone in this journey.
I think about you guys everyday so thankful to be part of this community ❤️
sending lots of love ❤❤you're keeping up the morale so well, you guys are so strong!! keep the positive thoughts, you can do this 💪
PLEASE STOP CHEMO IT IS POISON!!!  AND DO HOLISTIC.  PRAYERS BE WITH Y'ALL. LOVE Y'ALL.
Jesus is with you! I’ll keep you in my prayers!
Love you guys, sending you guys so much love and light. You guy got this 💪
Oh girl..... watching this today brought back my 8 rounds of chemo for brain cancer 2 yrs ago today actually. The scene of u on the flr with ur bowl.....I used a bucket lol. In my pain was worried about puke splash. So funny things that matter in those moments. Ur amazing to share these moments. Be fierce girl be fierce u can do this. The other side of cancer brings its own worries. Just breathe xo
Prayers and love and all the best to you!❤
Bec you are doing amazing.rest whenever you need too ,do not feel you have to do more than you are able too .three of my good friends have been through this and are free of  cancer . Eamon you are such a gem and the love that you have for Bec is wonderful because she is ,and that beautiful fur baby is your Angel sent just for you both xxx
It really sucks when you've done everything you could do be healthy and stuff just goes wrong. So much of how we age and our risk for diseases is unfortunately dependent on genetics, and only partially life choice influence many of these things. Some people smoke and drink a ton their whole lives, never get cancer.
I have stage 4 ER PR positive breast cancer. The "red devil" is tough but they have so many meds that keep the nausea somewhat controlled. There is only one way to get through and that is one day at a time & lots of rest. Everything gets dry so eye drops and saline nose spray are also handy. Hang in there, the 6 months go faster than you think
I am sending such an incredible amount of love to both of you. Oso looks like such a cuddle bug and I'm so glad he is at the forefront of your care team!
You got me sooo much when you were crying about the dog being an angel - he’s a wee guardian angel - he was so concerned about you throughout the whole video. Not sure if you realise yet, but I’m pretty sure he’s your family now.
Please consider working with a flower essence practitioner to support both of you emotionally. Dis-ease often manifests out of emotional trauma, and it was about a year ago you lost your beloved friend, Lee. And of course both of you are dealing with the trauma of the diagnosis. There are several essence companies in Canada. I'm most familiar with Pacific Essences in B.C., and if you do a search on flower essences in Canada you will find lots of possibilities. Also, a friend of mine, many years ago, was diagnosed with breast cancer and during chemo, she put an ice pack on her head during the treatments. She didn't lose her hair. Hope that might work for you. Prayers and healing for both of you as you move through this. I so honor your courage in sharing your story.
Dear Bec, the positive attitude with which you are facing this most difficult challenge in your life thus far is not only brave and commendable, but it will serve you well in the months ahead. And how wonderful that you have such a giving and supportive partner in Eamon. It's a blessing. We went through breast cancer in our home as well and it was a scary time. Like you, my partner had no family history, she's vegetarian, non-smoker, etc., etc., and yet there we were. But we are now 10 years out, thank goodness and knock on wood, and she's healthy. So just keep thinking positive thoughts as you are, but also allow yourself to not feel like yourself in the months ahead. This tiredness that you're feeling is only going to progress as you continue your treatments. My partner used to tell me she felt like she got hit by a truck. So be kind to yourself and know that it is part of the process and will be for some time.  And Eamon, you too need to be kind to yourself and ask for help when you need it. You need to find a way to process your feelings of helplessness and fear of the unknown. Sometimes it's getting out for a walk to clear your head, maybe go for a beer with a friend, or a phone call to a family member to discuss how you're feeling. Because as the caregiver you feel like you have to be strong for your partner that is sick and therefore not show that you too are scared and going through this. And your partner, Bec, will be getting all of the attention from everyone because she's the one that is sick, and that's natural. But you're going through it too. So please allow yourself to be vulnerable and share your feelings with a friend or family member.   And I promise you this, when you get through this, and you will get through this, you will be even stronger as a couple. I'm sending you both lots of healing positive energy.
I never comment but I remember watching you when you first started and I love how your relationship has grown and strengthened. You both are going to come out of this season okay. As well, I feel humbled by how you express and respect Eamon's space and his journey. This is something I need to work on in my marriage and in the midst of your battle, you are still encouraging your viewers. Praying for you Bec. Can't wait for your cancer free vlog!!!! <3
What a shitty comment “It’s your parents fault !”. I can’t believe that you said that and yet you edited this video and still decided to keep it in.  I hope that Bec comes out the other side fully healed, healthy and you will both be blessed with a beautiful baby.
Strength grows in the moments when you think you can't go on but you keep going anyway. ❤️
Just wanted to send my hugs and prayers to you guys. Bec, you are just the sweetest and more pure hearted person. I found myself crying at different parts of this video because you are just such a good, kind person. Thank you for being such a good example to the world of a good person. I’m sorry you are struggling so much and keep up the good work. I receive monthly treatments for my multiple sclerosis, they aren’t chemo but very similar. My first few treatments were very rough and I remember feeling so run down. My infusion center was all different types of neuro patients, so couldn’t reach out to other patients because it was all types of disorders they were being medicated for. I am happy for you that you get to connect with others going through this. Your love for each other is so beautiful also, you are very lucky to have someone supporting you so strongly. Just wanted to share that I am praying for you and that you are such beautiful people ❤️
So watching this, I was really feeling it and I wrote a poem for you. I hope you like it, it’s called “Liquid Sunshine”. Here goes nothing  Poison me, Kill me, Take me.   I know what you do,                        So Poison me, Kill me, Save me.   And when you’re done,                   I can Heal me.
I’m not sure how much I believe in God, but whatever higher power there is, I just keep thinking how this pandemic made you build a home you’d probably not have built otherwise that has given you a beautiful place to convalesce, and feel as comfortable as you possibly can in a space that’s your own. I swear, it’s stuff like that, coincidence or not, that makes me think someone is looking out for you, Becs xxx
Hi you guys <3. Again, thank you very much for sharing this journey. Please know that your feelings are vaild and you are encouraged to let them out. As you said this is both a physical as a mental Journey. I'm happy that you are valadeding this and have you with me in my thoughts. Thinking about you and sending all my love and all the light to you ❤️
Your honesty is what grabbed us in the beginning, and has kept us watching. We've laughed and cried with you as if you're our friends.  We know the struggle of Breast Cancer. Please know that two little podcasters in Missouri are thinking of you and sending love through all of this.
Sending you and Eamon healing energy and positivity …. You will kick cancer’s butt and eat lots of popcorn!
I love you guys. Love & prayers sent to you Bec during treatment and Eamon during this time xx
I’m praying that Bec is drink soursap leaf tea and making juic with soursap and also incorporating it into smoothies! Also all the other natural cancer fighting aides !
🙏🙏🙏
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
We love you so much but please just stay strong you’ll make it through the Lord is praying for you and so r we You’ll be OK stay positive and we love you you are so special back thank you for sharing the positive in the negative please just stay strong we love you so much
Sending all my very best wishes and intentions for a complete recovery.  You are doing great and as someone who has been through it too, please know that the silver lining will be to learn some real truths about yourself.  You can do hard things.  It’s good to have your strength tested in the long run because you will grow as a human beyond measure.  Eamon you too are to be commended for the great example you are setting for partners everywhere.  Please take some time out to recharge your own battery - perhaps when Bec is under the watchful eye of a loved one, so that you can remain the amazing steadfast person you are.  Love you guys so much and OMG that dog!  What a gift for him to come into your lives and bring such joy during these trying times.  Thanks for sharing the journey and I will continue to send all my good intentions your way.  🙏
Wish you both the best. You got this.
Been watching you guys since your heady days of 3000 followers! Quite simply it was you guys that gave us the inspiration to do buy a van and head out on our own adventures.  Also wanted to say we are so sorry to hear what you’re going through, but if there’s two people that can beat it, it’s you two.  Keep telling your wonderful stories and our best lucky wishes to you both.
Hang in there honey  it will get better been there done that with my wife and got to the other side  and 5 years on she’s fine  🙏
Wow. Your positivity is truly amazing.
Red Devil pee.  Just had a flashback.  You Got this!
My dad experienced nerve damage in his feet that was caused due to high doses of vitamin B6 that was in a liquid multivitamin. He had been taking it regularly for 5+ years. Be safe when taking multivitamins!!  Sending good vibes to you Bec and Eamon 💖
You are both so very strong and brave! Prayers coming your way!
Hey guys! I have followed you guys since the beginning and absolutely love watching your videos, I've laughed with you, cried with you when Lee passed and I am also a registered pharmacy technician in a hospital in Ontario and I work in the chemo center mixing and preparing the chemo for the patients so I will be on this road with you guys as well and I will send every ounce of positive energy that I have your way! You are a strong and fierce force Bec you've got this girl!!!
Huge hug, I am now cancer free stage 2 breast cancer. One day at a time..and please  do what you feel is best for you.
Are they considering the vaccine as a factor?
Keeping you in my spirits Bec. Love ya!
This video is just amazing. You are just amazing xxx
Dear, we love you💕🙂 me and my husband send you  lots of love and All the Blessings from Kol Tuv  (it says that is the river of the garden of heaven than supplies all).  You're really amazing !!! Keep going forward!! You are  such an inspiration!!! Try no to coun day's, think and know that is just  a temporal experience from what you will grow  better and stronger!!! You are a super woman and your soul can heal your body!! Know it,  believe it and then see it first in your mind and then in your body. LOVE YOU !!!💕😊🌼🌼💕💕💕😋🥰😘 & EAMON TOO!🤩😍
Hey Bec, I just wanted to share how my mum got her diagnosis and treatment exactly synced with your journey. I told her about you and  liquid sunshine, and how she is not alone in this. Thank you for being so brave and sharing. I am sending over lots of healing power from the Netherlands! xx
Sending you so much love and hugs ❤️
Spirialina  https://youtu.be/L5vdz637DWk
sending you all the love
Best of wishes to all of you. Just wanted to know if Oso is finally and officially part of the family?
I think it is most excellent that you guys are documenting this part of your lives. Both my wife and I both have dealt with cancer and are currently cancer free (knock wood).  At our age (early 70’s) our life is full of OMG what is next on health challenges.  With your age group and your life style getting cancer seems extremely unfair.  But your guys are providing an important message…. live is not always a bowl of cherries, not even a box of chocolates,  Its more like a bag of jelly bellies that have dirt, rotten eggs, snot flavored jelly beans in the mix of good ones.  So the message is that shit can happen anytime to anyone. so never take good times for granted.  The next lesson that I am sure you will be showing us is that even in the darkest times there are brilliant glimmers of happiness and major epiphanies.  This battle I am sure is going to greatly deepen your love and understanding for and from Eamon, your family, and your friends. So hang in there.  BTW when my wife had breast cancer we spent a LOT of time feeling sad with spontaneous crying sessions.  I felt that I had to do something to kick us out of the that cycle.  I am not that religious but swear a voice from somewhere in my head said “get a puppy” (our previous dog had died the month before).  So we got one and suddenly THAT is was became what we thought and talked about.  So getting that dog of yours was Brilliant if I must says so.
As a caregiver sitting and waiting for chemo to finish, this gave me so much hope & faith in the future. Hugs from Missouri 💓
gosh Osso came at the most perfect time! The healing power of dogs will be sure to help! Sending love, patience and stength to you both!! xx
You are brave and strong! Praying praying praying for you. You will beat this!
Emmon shouldn’t you were gloves when you give Bec an injection?
watching this bc my friend was also just diagnosed with advanced breast cancer and started her treatment this week.all the best to you
You can do this! You're amazing 🤗
Eamon and Bec, I am really sorry to hear that Eamon had cancer. It is something that really is painful and my mom even has a cousin who also has breast cancer. I just wanted to say there is only one cure. That is God, just try praying to him. If you have a strong faith in him that he will heal you he will. God Bless yall, Eamon and Bec!!! I will be praying for yall!!
I’m so proud of both of you, your positivity is admirable and thank you for sharing even the hard parts! So thankful for you both sharing this journey to instill hope in others 💕 you are so strong and I’m so happy you have your frozen babies and the dog now 🥰
Bec you got this!! You are strong and positive and a rockstar...I have tried to watch this since it was posted...I can't watch without the waterworks....sending big hugs...prayers for you and Eamon....💜
I love watching your videos so much, you are both so strong and brave as you go through this new chapter in your lives. Watching your videos makes me realize just how much hurt and struggle my teenage cousin hid from me and my family, so seeing you all ride these waves of emotions is really healing for me as well. Sending you so much love and healing energy!!! You've got this!!
sending you good vibes and healing thoughts! Thank you for sharing your journey!
I admire your candor through this difficult and unexpected journey you both find yourselves navigating.   I hope you find the strength to continue to face the rest of your treatment with such positivity, finding ways of seeing the light amongst the dark.  Wishing you all the best. All the feels for you all. Bear is such a joy and a welcome distraction/companion for you both too.
You are so inspiring Bec, thank you so much for being you and showing us the power of your mindset <3
As an 8 year stage 3 breast cancer survivor, I am so sorry that you have had to go through this but it is survivable.  You can do it.  I did it with a positive outlook, just like you, and I think that is the reason I have gotten me here today.  Keep it up!❤️❤️
U guys are both wonderful and awesome much love to the both of you I am watching this weeks video with my new bride on my honeymoon in my honeymoon sweet
You're doing so well keep it up! I love you guys ❤️‍🩹
Two beautiful souls.
😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘
Be strong Bec you will definitely over come from this journey.God bless you anf Emon.We love you guys..Takecare
Sending lots of love and good vibes from Singapore. Hang in there Bec!
I watched this when this first came out but I wanted to come back in this chat and say you are loved. Give yourself time to adjust, rest and then pop out of this ice cold water and breath in this fresh air of love!
May all love surround you both and your extended family, and health and healing stay strong throughout this part of your journey… you both are amazing.. now looking through to the end of the tunnel where you can dance in the sun like you do so well.. thank you for trusting us to share your journey 💋
Sending love and healing ♥️💙💜💛💚🧡
I feel you I don’t have cancer and you are so strong but I’m 16 found out I had my dads kidney disease and it’s rough knowing I’m going to have to get a kidney transplant sooner or later but god has a plan for us and it sucks it does but we are all here for you ❤️
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I just thought of a few other things you may want to consider if you haven't already - journalling energy/abilities on a day to day basis (maybe Eamon can do this for you) it really helped me to see progress & also to let my doctors know what was going on - I know you video but writing each day is maybe more discriptive/succinct & I also started dry brushing for circulation & lymphatic drainage - there are lots of videos about this - Eamon could do this to you also so it's more relaxing for you and more hands on help for him (just some thoughts)
Look up Dandelion Root cancer trial. Tested n it killed over 95% of cancer cells.
It is true that you need to drastically change your diet for about 2 years. Stop eating all the things that start cancer and feed it, and eat and overload on all cancer killing and get prohibiting foods, pray, get rest, and don’t think about it just be happy and love. Staying stressed free is easier saying than doing, but you have all the love in the world. Just stay focused on that. I’ve learned so many kick cancer as things from Chris Beat Cancer powerful foods that God gave us. You must go hard on raw vegetables and fruit just juice them and drink all day. This is how some people have done it. You can juice a big patch of carrots and apples. Drink 8 oz every hour from 7am to 7pm. That way you can eat cooked healthy foods. The Juice Man did this when he was diagnosed in his twenties. He lived to be 89 he just left us 4 years ago. Find him on YouTube, put in The Juice Man. He has bushy eyebrows. 🤗❤️👍🏽Stay positive. Feel free to ask me to send you the names of the powerful information I watched
Eamon and Bec, both of you are in my prayers. A journey with cancer can be extremely challenging for the person with cancer and the caregiver.  I can’t imagine not having my husband by my side when I was diagnosed. Turn to the Lord when those days get really hard. He will give you peace and comfort when you need it.
Sending love to you guys.
We are praying for you Bec to make a full recovery. And I know you will
We love you 🙏🏽❤️
F***!! Sending you guys so much love!!! Wish I could hug you so we could cry together! love you two to bits such champs!!! ❤️❤️❤️
You probably already do this given your holistic lifestyle, but if not, please practice meditation & positive visualization - I was diagnosed with a rare autoimmune disease 8 years ago that attacked my nerves (similar to MS but not many treatments available) I was unable to walk fo approximately 3 months and was initially told that it would just be progressive to complete disability as it attacked all my peripheral nerves.  The only thing that kept me alive was not wanting to rehome my dog before I died.  I kept visualizing running with him in the fields around my home, it brought me so much comfort & faith.  Treatment by my incredible neurologists has me currently in complete remission (8 years & going) but I think the visualization also helped (there is evidence based research on visualization and improving athletic performance).  You will make it through this!  Your comment about sleep/rest really hits home with me also - I had no choice but to sleep & rest because I could barely move/had no energy @ my worst, but I think going through that helped to increase my patience and live more in the moment....I hope it has the same effect for you.
Stay strong Bec! You are in my prayers xo we all love you and know you can get through this❤
I was thinking how u guys seemed to have it all. Then this happened and it hit me sooo hard. I think about u everyday. Saying a prayer for u when u cross my mind. Ur positivity ,honesty and ur strength is making me appreciate this life I have even more. Hang in there.  💜💜💜🌈☀️👍🏽
When you do treatment...imagine..visualize the liquid sunshine as lighting bolts or even little suns enveloping the cancer. Our minds are SOOO powerful. I also recommend the documentary HEAL. It was such an eye opener for me and many of the ways we can help ourselves heal.  Proud of you both.   💫💛💫
Best of luck threw ur journey . I spent 5 months last year in hospital receiving chemo for leukemia. I have 4 gene mutations.
Sending so much love and healing vibes. Thank you for being so real, and sharing your journey. Painful as it is to watch you go through this, I am praying that your liquid sunshine is received well with minimal side effects. Praying for the best outcome beautiful. Strength and hugs for Eamon, I know this is so hard for you as well. Love you guys.
You got this Bec. Went on that same journey. One day at a time. You are strong, you will come out even stronger than you already are.
I'd just like to say that you come to my mind very often I was wondering about you and how you're doing and then all of a sudden your story popped up. Know that we're praying for you! I know that you live your life in front of the camera but this has got to be one of the bravest things that you're both doing. We've been very fortunate not to have cancer in our family, but I've lost some friends to cancer. You're giving a real insight of what they've gone through. We're praying for both of you. As a man this has to be very difficult for you to be watching and not able to solve the cancer. See you next week! 🙏🙌💕💯
Praying for your speedy recovery 🙏🙏
Bec, you are doing great. Lots of love. Eamon, I hope you have also support for yourself :-)
I know that your walk is going to be hard I've been there and I know I spent eight months of doing chemotherapy and 5 years of doing a follow-up a chemotherapy and double mastectomy and reconstruction so now that your walk will be hard but fine everyday something that you're grateful for and know that most of all talk to God he will get you through it I was in pain so bad one day that I cried out to God and I fell so into sleep because the meds were not working so know that God is the most important thing that you need. The walk will be hard but you seem like you have a loving kind Strong Hospital as I did too God bless you both
just leaving some love for you guys <3
What an inspiration you are. Praying for healing!
10 seconds at a time, Bec. 10 seconds at a time.
I think we all know eamon is shaving his head eventually
Sending you both love and light for healing and health <3
I love you guys!!!❤️ However I lost my beautiful Beth to breast cancer seven years ago. I was shocked in this video to see you hawking products during these different situations. I’m sorry I have to ask which is more important Bec’s cancer or making a few bucks off of ads!!??? Just sayin! Still love you guys and keep you both in my prayers.❤️🙏
Girl you got this keep up the good vibes as much as you can, its hard to at times I know from personal BC treatment and all the hardship that goes with it. prayers are being sent your way and im always an insta message away if you need to vent or ask any questions
I just discovered you guys, and you honestly have such positive energy that I want to leave you with a message when you feel down: Fight, fucking fight. The darker the night, the closer the dawn. It's going to be painful, you can body slam cancer like a beast. Mere mortals can't do that, only you can. Yeah that's it. Fight. Fucking fight.
Bec.. you asked about if anything could of caused this. I have heard that soy based products can cause problems. Not sure just wanted to pass the information along to you.  Praying for you guys...  God Bless You..Tammy Halcomb
Thank you so much for sharing your journey with us. You are so brave and have an amazing mindset. Take care x
You guys are always so honest and so open and I'm just amazed that you're able and willing to share this story. Sending you both all the love and good energy as you keep chugging along this healing journey!
Omg short hair suits you so much 😍
I have been thinking about both of you each and every day. Congrats on getting through round one! I have the utmost faith that your body will respond well to the treatments and I'm envisioning a future of a happy and completely healthy Bec! I'd also like to give a shout out to your two boys, Eamon and Osa, for filling your days with support and love. You've got quite the little immediate family unit at the cabin. I know that you know all of us are rooting for you from afar. All my love! -Z
Speedy Recovery Bec God is Good Always Pray 🙏 we will always support and pray for you guys!!
I'm so sorry you're going through this  but you're a incredibly strong woman  and you have a incredible support system and your definitely in my thoughts and prayers 🙏
You got this
I haven't stopped thinking about you both! Bec, you are such a warrior! All the positive vibes!
You got this Bec xx
Love to you both 💕💕💕
Bless you sweetie keeping you held up in Pray! Big hugs x
Hi Eamon and Bec, my prayer and thought with you .. yes it will be hard and I believe the love u have between both of you will carry trough the end.. you such a warrior and Eamon too... You got this !!!
sending love, positivity and prayers to you both. x
It’s all going to be fine. We are praying for you! 💪🏼💛
Courage Bec 🤞🤞🤞🤞👍👍👍😘😘soignes toi bien. Je connais ton parcours je l’ai vécu il y a 2,5 ans. Bisous🇫🇷❤️
We gotcha girl. We love ya
Loads of thoughts love from Australia. Both my mom and brother survived cancer. You can do it. Stay strong and think of the adventures that are in store once you get well.
Sending love ❤️ ❤️ ❤️
Good morning guys your in my thoughts and prayers every day. Stay positive love you guy's
Bec you’re doing amazing and you CAN do this even though it will be tough! You got this girl! Also, your hair looks so nice short! 😍
You are such a warrior. Keep your chin up. You got this girl. <3
bec is such a inspiration and she is honestly the strongest person I have ever seen who is going through a situation like this. so proud and so looking forward to the amazing life that you are going to continue having
How terrifying for you both. How beautiful that you’re sharing your journey. I wish you well from over the ocean here in Australia. ✌️🥰🌻☀️
Bec, it gets better, I discovered I had leukemia and lymphoma meaning I had to have a bone marrow transplant … and no matches in US or Canada, I received the blood marrow from Germany and after 2 years of various chemo, then the transplant…….are you ready, 11 years cancer free.  Trust your caregiver has a break, he will need help.
None of my business..but if you did get the covid vaccine there are a couple articles in the Lancet journal linking the two. I only posted this because of your comments. But we all know you already beat this.🙏
I cannot stress enough how obsessed/impressed I am with the both of you. Really, i've been in tears for the past couple hours; the love between you two is immense and so powerful. Bec, you're a fantastic human being and Eamon, you're outstanding with everything you do and achieve. Bec! you've got this; i've been watching you guys for about 5 years and WOW, ive grown a true admiration towards you both as individuals as well as a couple. Sending so much love and support to you both <3
My partner he was (30) at the time got diagnosed with stage 4 cancer he had chemo for treatment and I can say it’s not pleasant watching your partner go through this but when we both sat down and heard the good news that it worked it’s the most amazing reward after al long long battle. So please 🙏 know you will be rewarded for this hump in the he road. I don’t even know the pair of you personally but I know you from your lives on here and your both SO strong so remember that at hard times xx
I know you need to see and read all positive comments iver here but I just had to say how hard it is to see you both having to go through this. You are so amazingly strong! ❤️
Sending you two and both of your families so much love and energy.
Sending prayers your way to the both of you. Kick this things arse!! Lots and lots f love Abbie x
im praying for you every single day, i hope you'll get better very soon, sending lots of love and positive energy your way <3
Bec. U will be healed soon don't worry.
I wish you two the best of health, I think it's amazing to see such a strong bond between you two. It's so important to have that support during times like these.  My significant other was also recently diagnosed with cancer, Seeing you two go through this the way you do is inspiring on a whole new level, It really helps me cope in a sense.  Thank you, Stay strong and kick ass!  Tom~
THAT HAIR! My gosh, it looks amazing! I might just have to go cut mine too. You look so fresh and revived. <3 love love love you guys!
I'm thinking of you and only wishing you the best.🌻
Becca you both are in my prayers and thoughts....we all love you guys to the moon and back......you got this.....never give up .......love you from Oklahoma....
The vulnerability you two are sharing is absolutely incredible, it can’t be easy ( probably the hardest battle in both of your lives) but your strength will be inspiring for people forever, I am crying watching this because I am so sorry this is happening, but also crying because of my admiration of your attitude and finding beauty in the little things. Thank you for sharing this, you are both in my prayers, and I know that this will work. Also Eamon you are the absolute best support, thank you for taking care of such a beautiful women. I love you both. (P.S. pickles are the best) ❤️
Your sharing of this extremely difficult experience is a blessing to all the people who will come after you, who will learn from you, and have more courage and hope because of both of you. It's a good thing.
You have eaten “street food” in many places.  Parasites target reproductive organs to ensure passing to off spring.  Likely culprit mds won’t treat.
Waiting for the video title will be “I Beat Cancer” 💕
Adding another prayer along with the many others. You both show tremendous courage and are facing this with a needed positive attitude. With all my heart I pray for success. 💜🕯💜
Sending you all my love from the UK 🇬🇧  🥰❤️😍😘😻
Wishing you good luck throughout your treatment. Our best friend is going through a similar treatment for cancer. His  started in the neck. Thank god you have each other. I wish you all the good luck on this journey. My heart goes out to you both. Love to you both, Nancy (UK)
Aw Bec! I am so so proud of you! Your doing so so well! Your so strong and I will be keeping you in my thoughts! Love you heaps my love ❤️❤️
Please follow Dahlia Chatwin’s  journey with breast cancer she is young like you.  It may answer some questions you have.  She now has just had the surgery. She also has had infertility treatment.  Good luck Be and Eamon prayers to you both.
Dearest Bec, I too can’t stop thinking about you, it’s taken me a while to be able to watch all of this shitty journey without crying. I’m not commenting to tell you my story, it’s the same as yours, I wasn’t brave enough to share mine like you are, I think you’re quite amazing. You’ve already found the moment in your first chemo session, keep remembering how good that 2nd week feels, eat what you crave and hang on girlfriend, we’re all here for you. P.s. cannabis oil is the most natural anti inflammatory and it saved me from so much bone and muscle pain 😊 Claire 😘
Oso is the best boy!!! I am thankful you all found each other ❤️ We are sending you all so much love from Seattle and are very grateful you are brave enough to share your journey. It is powerful, moving and full of love.  Thank you and keep up the fight 🥰
a few things about nutrition (from someone who studies nutritional medicine): a diet healthy for healthy people isn't necessarily healthy for someone with cancer, so (and i'm sure you do) please work with a certified nutritionist to make sure you don't take additional antioxidants during radiotherapy, up your fat intake and all that. and just so you know (in case you didn't): oversupply of b vitamins has been linked with cancer, so please make sure you only supplement when you absolutely need to. i'm pretty sure the way you and eamon eat you don't need to unless you're travelling because you're already eating lots of grains and veggies etc.. b12 for sure and if you feel the need you can get tested for other vitamins, but pleaaase don't supplement when there's no need! some vitamins can do a lot of harm when overdosed and with your vegan diet you're getting enough of most of the things in AG1. I don't blame AG for this, for sure, I just want you to be careful with possibly getting too many of some micronutrients and be aware that having cancer changes your physical needs drastically and what was healthy before might now not be. Sending you alll the love and good energy to get better soon. I know you will beat this cancer like you have beaten so many things before.
I wanna say a couple things. First both of you are truly inspiring and I am praying for you both. Bec just your smile melts my heart. I have incredibly high hopes for you. I love you both so much and I will be praying for you as this journey continues.
I fell sick with flu like symptoms and one thing lead to another causing me to check into the emerg on December 24. 2021. As a coincidental find from a CT scan in order  to rule out kidney stones doctors found a 5cm mass growing into my kidney with it being a 5% chance not cancerous. Just typing or saying the word brings tears to my eyes. Here I lay in Ottawa at 1:42am after a radical nephrectomy performed just hours ago. This emotional roller coaster is something I wish nobody ever has to experience. Having a 7 & 3 year old waiting for their daddy to come home along with the most supportive, beautiful and loving woman by my side, these are my pillars of strength which has lead me to fight harder than anything I’ve fought for in my life.  The strength you guys have to put on a brave face and speak to everyone through these  vlogs is something I can never do. Prayers and best of luck to you both
first time responder here,  I truly admire you.  sending love.  Will keep you in my thoughts. Double mastectomy here, 10 years ago.  All good now.
As an empath I feel very strongly that you will be fine.  You’ve got this.  Just focus on emmy and brio.  The future is yours sweet girl.
Might wanna check out a book called The Iodine Crisis by Lynne Farrow who also had breast cancer and came up with a very different reason why. She was a college prof/journalist who started investigating. Very interesting.
My ap us teacher would miss a day for chemo and come AND TEACH the day after. You can do it!
It's been a little over a year since I received my diagnosis of stg 3 bc.  I honestly thought I cried all the tears I could possibly cry last year but every time you cried--I cried hard.  When I saw the red pee I sobbed--it's such a powerful visual and brought me right back to all of those first post chemo pees.  I'm so sorry you are going through this--it's not fair!  I'm sending you lots of healing prayers/vibes.
Bec and Eamon I'm sending so much love and light! I am reading "Between Two Kingdoms" By Suleika Jaouad. It's about a woman on a very similar cancer journey. I hope it brings you some comfort during your healing time!! 🤍
💖💖💖🙏🙏🙏
Hey Bec, I am so sorry to hear of your news, I am praying for a healthy recovery. I am studying natural medicine and I was wondering if you wear deodorant. The mainstream deodorants contain aluminium. Not only can aluminium be carcinogenic but a lot of breast cancers start in the lymph nodes in the armpit. Also sweating is necessary to release toxins and prevent excess build up. So no deo and try saunas to help sweat out the chemo :) Also Lumps in the breast according to louise L hay is: "A refusal to nourish the self. Putting everyone else first"  Lots of love and hugs to you both, I hope this is of benefit in some way.
Praying for you Bec!!! Sending healing thoughts and love 💕🙏🏼💕🙏🏼💕🙏🏼
your relationship is so beautiful and the amount of support you have for each other is amazing. sending so many good vibes and intentions to the both of you. may 2022 bring you peace, laughter and recovery.💛✨
I love you two. Bec you’re so strong and so positive during a difficult time. Watching your video today made my day. I hope to be as positive as you one day. 🤍
You are touching and teaching to so many lives. Thank you for touching my heart. We have your back.
'Dutch durian ' Anti-cancer
Our preys and love go out too bec through this rough patch in your life atm you are strong and brave. I lost my grandmother from breast cancer and I fear that me and my sisters in my family will go through what my grandmother went through cancer is a horrible disease and I dont wish that upon any1 too have too go through it. You will get there with all the love and support your YouTube fans and family xxxxxx
Sending Love and Reiki healing  and hugs and laughs and support from all the way across Canada. You guys are our buddies and we love you. ❤️❤️❤️You will make it through just great.💖💖💖
Sending much love and healing prayers🙏🏾
Wishing you the very best for healing liquid sunshine and recovery filled with love and walks outdoors. Tomorrow is my 10 year anniversary for completing my chemo and radiation treatments!
You radiate beauty and courage! Truly amazing how strong you are even on your worst days. Always praying for you! Sending love to you both.
That's great kids. Make sure you go to all your appointments. You will feel better after a session of killing your cells. It stimulates new cancer cells to grow. The second surgery will be the best. Listen to the doctors carefully they will give the best advice.
Stay strong bec , you’ve got this ! Praying each day for you both 🙏🙏❤️❤️🙏
I've been watching you guys for years, my husband and I are huge fans of your content and we look forward to every Sunday when we get to watch you and feel your wonderful energy. Today, my 1 year old daughter wanted to watch with me. She sat in my lap and didn't move the entire time. It was like she knew this video was extra important to give her attention to. At 14:45 Right when you're out of the chemo room and started tearing up, my daughter starts waving at you and blowing kisses, (thinking it was FaceTime) this is such a sweet representation of how much you guys feel like family. We are praying for you, sending positive healing vibes as best we can, and blowing kisses at the tv. Keep staying strong and well, you're doing amazing.
I totally admire your strength I realize alot of it may be for the camera Bec, but honestly I think it totally sucks that Emon can't go in with you it make no since 1of the  hardest thing someone's can go thro and they are makeing you go thro it alone. I feel like these policy need to change. Bec, Emon I'll pray for you this .
You got thisBec❤️ You are so brave  and you are so strong and always make me smile! YOU GOT THIS BEC
I had a brain tumor a few years ago and took some high powered medication to curb its growth. While it was nowhere near as intense as chemo, I had a lot of bad days and had to learn the definition of patience and rest. Now I am in college and I am so greatful for the wisdom I gained during that time. This chapter in your life is going to be one of pain, sadness, and confusion, but also one of joy, courage, love, and healing. Embrace it all Bec and use it later on down the road.
Good morning to my favourite vlogger watching from Dubai.  Sorry for what happening for you now.  Always remember we have our Great Physician our LORD JESUS CHRIST. Cast ALL your burden upon HIM. Nothing is impossible with CHRIST. I have one question is it possible to happen that you are under chemo and at the same time under ivf for child? Not unless you have a surrogate mother. Always take care JESUS LOVES YOU. 😇😇😇
Thinking of you everyday 🤍 praying for healing and recovery. Love you Eamon and Bec😘
Wishing you strength, courage and a complete return to health. My cousin just went through this -very similar process of chemo then surgery and soon reconstruction. The struggle at times has been real (infection popped up) but her resolve and super positive outlook, like yours, really helped her as it amazed us, and it definitely inspired all of us to live as well as we can each day and taught us to be like her - be grateful for some little something daily, no matter what. She is doing great and I hope that for you too.
God bless
Sending good vibes and all the best.
Love you 😘 you will get through this 💕💕💕💕💕
I was diagnosed with stage 3 triple negative breast cancer in 2020. It's been 1 year since my last radiation treatment.  1 year 4 months since chemo. I am a survivor working on getting stronger. You are awesome, you will get through this. You're in my thoughts and prayers 🙏❤ 🌷🌹
My prayers and good thoughts are with you. I know it's a hard road ahead of you. You have a huge community that is there for you.
Please stay strong and positive God is with you and you have a great support unit and lots of love you will be ok we are going to walk with you .
Bec I have never seen you looking so beautiful. I’m not sure if it is the bangs or if it’s your renewed appreciation for the miracle of life, love, and family. You both are so courteous!
Bec. That hair... like WHAT?!?!!!?? You look SO cute. Stop. Kidding don’t stop. Omg
I had brain cancer with radiation and 9 rounds of chemo over 1.5 years. So much vomiting but anyway regardless of meds drink tons of water (might help with the bladder)
You are so Inspiring ❤️ Sarah Blondins  Coming Home to Yourself Series on Insight Timer. If you need one more healing tool in that belt of yours that needs to be it. Any of her Guided Mediations. Love, Light and Healing to You and Your Family
Yes!! We love you too!! Positive energy! All things happen for a reason/purpose. You 2 are special! God bless you both, and that wonderful dog you have!   June
So so proud of you both!! Sending my love and prayers❤❤
You're both incredible. My mom had breast cancer when she was 28, had a radical mastectomy (1958!) and just celebrated her 94th birthday. You got this Bec xo
Bless you for sharing this journey with all of us. May you both continue to find strength in one another’s love. Xoxo
Sending so much love, prayers and healing energy to you beautiful souls! Thank you from the bottom of my heart for sharing your incredible journey ❤️❤️❤️ you’ve got this Bec!
I’ve been thinking and praying for strength for you both. Continued prayers and support always! Bec you inspire me so much!!! Thank you for sharing this journey with us , soon we can all look back and say “remember when bec kicked cancers ass!?” I can’t wait for that day.
I don't have much to say, just letting you know how much I admire the way you're both coping with this. Sending lots of good, healing energy your way today  and everyday ❤
Have you heard about cold capping?
Please don't cry, you are a brave girl. You guys are the best couple who give pleasure to people.  People wait for your videos when they will pop up on Sunday, Beleive in yourself.  Thank You
Your hair looks adorable
Y'all are amazing hope that recovery is good.
Bec you are a total rockstar! I have known many people in life who have survived cancer. Here are some useful tips! Take one day at a time. Don’t worry about tomorrow what your not doing just concentrate on the here and now. Forget about any diets. You have to eat what ever you crave. Some of friends found high carb foods helped with the energy levels. But you eat what’s good for u. Most importantly stay hydrated. Water, Gatorade , anything with electrolyte. You can dehydrated very easily. Stay away from people there germs are your worst nightmare. I know 5 months is a long time right now but think of it as 5 months of the rest of your life. My bff survived colon cancer at 25 she’s 45 and she is going strong! You will beat this. Is just something that is going to make you strong in the end. I pray for u constantly and send healing vibes every day! Lean on people when u need to! Your family loves u! We all love you! One last thing get the implants while u are in surgery. You will feel whole. My aunt didn’t and regretted it. For your mental well being I would do it! I’m almost 50 so I’m old enough to know better but young enough to remember what it was like to be young and carefree. Stay positive even when it feels like u can’t.
Do you guys have a PO Box or anything where we can send care packages? 💜
I just want to see you well and celebrating life like you both always have.
@Jessica Mermaid~AMEN!!💓
I am so proud of YOU🎀💞 praying for you🙏🏼
Continuing to send you both prayers🙏 and good energy during this difficult time.
No chemo port?
Sending you strength to get through this. That dog is gorgeous, dogs always pick up when you need support. Hang in there xx
You guys should keep Oso!! He fits in perfectly 🥰  and something tells me oso came into your care for a reason 🌟  Lee 🕊 🌟 dogs are incredible not just companion but a healer ♥
Praying for a great outcome for you.  I went through this almost 2 years ago.  Hang in there. There is an end to all of the madness
You have so many people sending you so many good vibes. To the both of you.
Hello I writing you from Cartagena Colombia, and I feel sad because of you, but in the other hand there is hope knowing that believing in god you will get better, healing  and given us more entertainment, I don’t know both of you but I fell as you were my brothers. cheer up you have to get ahead, my best wishes
You are both such beautiful spirits that are spreading peace regardless of these trying times. I pray for healing over you Bec and for Eamon to continue being a consistent comforter with enduring strength. I also love the new hair! I am not sure if you keep up with @Sorelle Amore here on Youtube but you now look similar to her! You are both so beautiful :)
My father in laws favorite saying through both his and my step mother in laws battles with cancer was "their can be no rainbow without a little rain". My great grandmother went through chemo in the 80s and lived to be 92. She got to meet my kids her great great grandkids. I pray for the same beautiful long life for you and aymon.
This is the most beautiful. Thank you for sharing ❤️
Love you guys
Honestly the cancer hat bec is wearing is horrible. You still have all your hair. Come on!!!
Bec…I am a breast cancer survivor…..Dec. 2016 I had a double mastectomy. I’m one of the truly blessed…I did not have to undergo chemo…5 years tho on oral hormone blocker…which I was told yesterday by my oncologist that I could now stop taking. I chose to not have reconstruction. Flat and fabulous!! Please please research BII (Breast Implant Illness) and then make your decision on reconstruction. Stay strong and positive. You got this! (My mom is also a breast cancer survivor of 16 years)
Sending so much love. You are so strong. 🤍💪🏼
Love from France ❤️ I Hope you will be good soon !
There has been lots of   Good outcomes withe people using high dose vitamin c intervenorsly    For cancer  mostly dowe as an alternative treatment
❤ sending healing thoughts your way! You got this !!!
Oh yeah I will be praying for y’all take it out it just watch comedy my friend survived cancer because all she did was she had her chemo was just watch comedy frustrating month that she did her chemo got it worked she survived.
I’m an American United States citizen just think you’re not gonna have to pay for this if you were across the border with us get ready for some bankruptcy court if you were one of us dotjust think your blessings are hidden. Paying for healthcare sucks just sick you will not have to pay for this.
Continue taking care of yourselves.  Sending you the very best wishes for continued healing and strength for this journey you are currently on.
Praying for you! A recovery and an education from the health system. We need both.. really...
Caffeine gives you a false energy and can drain the body
Love you both and pray everything goes great! My hunny and I are watching and praying for both of you. From Moncton NB
B
Love you guys ❤️❤️❤️
Ditto what Make2 said. Arms around you from SC.
Be on top of the nausea med.  take it before the awful feeling begins.  Warm lemon ginger water help with nausea and vomiting
I bine watching you guys forver and i hate seeing you like this.  So stay strong.
Soo strong both of you !! and I am so happy that you are fostering oso! he is such and angel <3 lots of love from Ecudor
You guys are so strong. I know this is a really tough time but I know you’ll both make it out better then ever. Try to keep the positive mindset even though it can be difficult. I know what it feels like to go through this challenging time. My mom was diagnosed with breast cancer 6 years ago and it was so difficult seeing my main support system going through the worst time of her life. As her daughter it was so hard to watch it all and try to be there at the same time. But I promise you it will get better and with time you will heal 🤍
Anti nausea for home ive tried( but best is to get the iv premeds that last fir days aloxi emend dexamenthasone) then for home Compazine ...zofran ....zyprexa ....reglan.... ....ativan ( yes it helps nausea) ...and scopalamine patches  Ginger tea....ginger candy ....water with juice ..ginger ale ...AND PICKLEs fermented helps i think...every drink super iced to get it to go down.....
7 years ago, my 7.5 year old son was diagnosed with cancer. It was such a hard time in our lives, but he was amazingly strong and courageous and inspiring. Now he's 6.5 years cancer free!! I know this is so hard for you both, but I know you'll get through this. Praying for you!!
Such a blessing that the cabin is finished and can be your oasis. Greatest blessing is that Eamon can be with you through your journey. You are loved by many.
Bec, you are amazing!!! Prayers continue to come your way!! Eamon, your support and love for Bec makes me heart happy.
You’re very lovely Bec. Keep up the spirit high, wishing for your healing. ✨✨✨
❤️❤️ sending love, courage and strength to you both
Bec and Eamon, just subscribed even though I have been a viewer for a while. Want to add my support along with prayers and positive thoughts. So glad you have each other, family, even a “good dog.” Amazing science for children in the time we live and for you. We will hang with you through this a look forward to future travel days.  My Mother and Grandmother both survived breast cancer and survived into their nineties. My sister has late stage Lyme, and while she had really difficult days, I know the windows of feeling better make those days better. Hang in there and welcome all the hugs, support, and wags.
Proud of you both! We love that liquid sunshine 🌞
Oh my gosh .....Im so so so  sorry to see this ....my love to you  ......I was diagnosed 2013 started my neoadjuvant chemo  tx in 2014....been on and off chemo since then stage 4 now.......but still here. 🙂 And the exercise.... the healthy diet... the low stress happy life ...i did it all.....i was a raw eater no sugar no beer.. wine or alcohol  no smoking .... Exercising like mad ....beaches ...happiness..sunshine...EVERYTHING thats supposed to prevent this crap....but .... Its just luck of the draw.... Remember take things as slowly as you need to ....get outside on the warm  sunny days even if you are bundled up not feeling too well ....even being outside 5 min in the sun ... can help ...  Adriamycin /Cytoxin AC .....MAKE SURE YOU KEEP YOUR MOUTH COLD....before and as they push the devil....and all day after that too....chemo day cold or cool drinks and foods ...avocado water etc etc avoid a few mouth issues.... DRINK WATER LIKE MAD A FEW DAYS BEFORE ...DAY OF AND AS MUCH AS YOU CAN AFTER!!! Make sure the premeds are IV and cover your needs ...at the least Aloxi Emend Zofran Dexamethasone Pepcid etc benadryl etc  MAKE SURE YOU ASK IF TAKING ANTIOXIDANTS IS ALLOWED( those fancy drinks or vitamins and nuts etc )  as they can negate some of the "liquid sunshine" benefits ....  May the sun shine on you .....you will make it through this .....and don't be afraid to call your nurse  asap for ANY ISSUES  ps head will feel like a too tight pony tail......when its gonna fall ....just cut a bob now then cut shorter as you go  I just had chemo monday ...my 5th line ....so 5th drug ive been on .....ill feel.ok mon tues and wed....then thurs the premeds wear off....pajamas for 7 more days after that ...but then it starts to get a little better  Be proud .....this is so hard .....its going to be ok
Praying for all good things for you.
You Got this lady. Sending healing prayers and positive vibes from NJ(USA).🙏🙏🙏🙏😘😘😘🤗🤗🤗
Praying for you ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Please watch Fantastic Fungi documentary, make sure you  watch at 1:05
Heartbreaking that Eamon cant be with you in the room! Sending continuous healing thoughts your way!!
Nicely Done Chef Eamon. I am sending you love and positive vibes Bec. you got this.
This breaks my heart.  Prayers for you both.
Please let us know how you are doing my beautiful family ❤️
HOPE you‘ll be better soon ，I come for china been watching your videos for tow years
My prayers are with you and your beautiful family! May God give you both the strength, courage, and love to overcome everything and anything. With God everything is possible! Love you guys so much 💓😘💓
Support?  Is there any way in which we can send you donations?  What’s the best way we can help??
💕💕🐻💕💕💕🐻💕💕💕🐻💕💕
Oh Bec you’re so strong 💪🏻… you’re gonna kick cancer ass so bad …🥊 love the bob cut by the way, such a cutie 😍… sending you more strength and love to the 3 of you from France… you got this sis’ 💕 😘
Keep positive. It will soon be over. And Eamon, take a shower, wash your hair :)☺
Sending love 💕 and support 🙏🏼
🙏🏻💓🙏🏻💓🙏🏻💓🙏🏻💓
Eamon  & bec I wish  bec to get better you  are awesome  people
Eamon, I was a caregiver for my mom and it was TOUGH. The stress takes a toll on your mental health and on your physical health so please make sure you’re taking care of you too. Therapy/emotional support, a healthy diet, exercise, and rest are also important for you too. You’re doing an amazing job supporting Bec and embarking on this journey together. Hugs to you both! ❤️❤️❤️
Only positive vibes!!! Prayers to you! Let’s go!
You’re incredible and so brave To share your story. Very important for so many who may be struggling alone. Bec there  is hope! I’m a living testament. It’s a crazy disease and very random. I’m 69 years old and over 22 years cancer free. I had a lumpectomy, I had radiation, and chemo!  Every journey is different but your story resonates with me! I send as much healing energy as I can generate to you! God Bless!
Sending prayers and love.🙏💜💜
Be strong and courageous. Do not be afraid or terrified because of them, for the LORD your God goes with you; he will never leave you nor forsake you.”  Deuteronomy 31:6
I just today heard of your cancer diagnosis, Bec.  My heart goes out to you.  You are such a strong woman, and I thank you for sharing your journey.  I will keep you in my prayers every single day.❤
Love you guys!   Same... id feel awful  week one then week two i would go for my normal runs (which we pretty much a shuffle but i was proud i could do it.  Id run past the hospital and the nurses would wave :).  You got this   💕
Sending +++++++++ vibes.
So thankful for you two❤️ You are both incredibly strong and we ALL appreciate you guys so much❤️
Its estrogen based Becs, mine was too.   Like you I was fit, ate well and didn't smoke.   I was told at 34 years old that it was estrogen produced when pregnant that caused the cancer in my left breast.  The fact that you are fit, healthy foods and your lifestyle plus having an amazing partner Eamon, will I pray ease your next step.  I wish you all the very best wishes and love. Take care Namaste 🙏🌾🌴❤❤🐾
Hope you alway be strong women,Bec🥰🥰🥰Your video always inspired me....  you will  healthy soon dear...and come to my  country , Malaysia with your campervan..🥰🥰🥰🥰
I'm your 7k comment, you've probably had these suggestions..I made my hubby potions of acai/elderberry/blueberry and made them into popsicles while he went through chemo. You guys are already healthy eaters.
Best wishes and prayers!
My heartfelt prayers are going out to you both. I've been trying to keep up with you but I've been going through the same thing.  Bec if you ever want to talk, dm me. I just finished doing red devil. You've got this. Please eliminate the sugar out of your diet. Love you both. I'd there a way I can send you something 🥰
O, Bec and Eamon, I wish I could hug you both!   I am So happy you got a dog.  It touched my heart to the depths that dog is God spelled backward.  No hidden meaning it is just that dogs often make me feel closer to God.   Love and prayers for all three of you!!! 🥰🙏
Best wishes for you guys, Bec and Eamon. Maybe look into ivermectin....it has anti-cancer properties.
🙏🏽🙏🏽❤️
I'm sorry someone so young has to go through this but your youth and general fitness are in your favor. I'm 68 and was diagnosed with stage 4 double hit lymphoma last summer. After 6 DA-EPOCH-R chemotherapies I'm currently in remission. You can do this. Take one day at a time, keep up your healthy habits, rest when you need to, & lean on God, Eamon, & your friends for support. Praying for you.
Sending love 🥰 & Prayers
And thank you for sharing yourself with us, however you choose to do so! We’re so grateful to follow along and cheer you on along the day
Love you Bec! You are beautiful and such a good example of just how strong women are!! Cheering for you girl💕
You are AMAZING!!! You’re gonna beat this!! ♥️
Doxorubicin > red devil.  My daughter got that on day one this cycle.  She was 7 when we began.  A few mo this before her 8th birthday.  She had had it once when she was 3/4.  It’s what takes her hair.  None of the other drugs did more than thin her hair but the doxorubicin along with the ArC shots were rough.  Prayers for you ❤️
I have a friend who is a breast cancer survivor and author. She wrote an incredible book called This is Cancer: Everything you need to know. From the waiting room to the bedroom. Although her story is very very different from Bec’s, I think it might be worth a read. But I either way, you both are so strong, and whatever happens, I know you guys will get through it. Sending love ❤️❤️
Love you so much Bec!! You're a strong woman!! Best wishes to you both!!
Bec you are doing so good! I’m so proud of you! Thank you Eamon for taking such great care of her! Love, peace and good energy to you both!
Its been 21 years and 10 months since my first chemo of A/C and I remember being so very anxious.  I have helped many with information for their journey, because I believe 'Knowledge is Power.'  You are sharing soooo much power with others!  I offer: don't look at it as 5 months..take a week at a time.  A treatment at a time.  After the second treatment I used to call day 3 "The Pit" Day.  I really was not sure I would get better, but, I always crawled out of that pit. You will, too!  You are strong going into this so you are going to make it, but keep your energy expectations low.  ALLOW yourself rest.  One of my favorite song in 2000 when I went through my chemo was Barbara Streisand The Main Event/Fight.  It was a weird little movie about boxing, but I would imagine little boxing gloves in my veins punching out the bad cells...fight, fight fight!  And they were so busy fighting, I was pooped!  Go with it!  You are blessed to have a healthy body going into it.  Love surrounds you.  Dogs ALWAYS know and Oso sure loves you!  Take his energy of love to help you through!  And ZOFRAN! Best anti-nausea pill EVER and it is still out there!  Allow yourself PIT DAYS.  You will come out of it.  You got this. One treatment at a time.
Bec, I pray the LORD will touch you with his healing hands , that HE will blow HIS sweet healing breath apon you.   LORD please heal Bec. Let her feel your healing touch. LORD please let her feel your presences and please take away all fear. For YOU did not give us the spirit of fear. Let her cling to you in all things.  Thank YOU In JESUS  holy name.  Bec I am battling C. as well its tough but your tougher. Yes some days are hard. The  best advice is get close to GOD.  I've been told that things are looking very good. I'm going for a PET Scan in the morning. ❤
Thinking about both of you. It's bringing up some memories for me, my husband was diagnosed with stage three testicular cancer almost 20 years ago. The chemo was very brutal and thankfully he doesn't remember much of it and compares it to having a cold. I could share the details but it wouldn't be the same as what you're going to experience because every treatment and every person is different. He did lose all the hair on his body and took shots to boost his white cell count, which were quite challenging but he's been cancer free for 15 years and we are very thankful for that. Even though we don't know you personally, we're going to hold you both in our hearts and send all the positives, white light, and prayers to you both.
Oh Bec, and Eamon, you're both so real in this journey, thank you! That in itself tells us you're strong. Take care and heal well physically and spiritually.
YOU'RE BOTH DOING SO GREAT
🙏... Genes trump a healthy lifestyle, but it is still beneficial
hi my wife has just gone through the same thing 2021 ,stage 3 TNBC  , we kept her weight up and her temp down with Panadol ,her hair is coming back now .she had 6 months chemo , 3 months radiotherapy and axillary clearance operation .Just so you know there is light at the end,  all is good mate now for her xxxx for you.G
I love bec soo much it’s just heartbreaking all my prayers are out to youuu🙏
❤️
💞🙏🏾
Good luck and bless you!!   Does anyone have to mess with their volume during the whole video? Some parts are quiet then it gets loud ? Happened like past 4 videos
I suspect soy could be the cause of the cancer ( it elevates estrogen levels). The only way to eat soy safely is fermeted. Best of luck to you ....
Vegans are some of the most health conscious people, but especially us woman have so many chemicals and carcinogenic things in our lives that we don’t even realize. Like burnt evoo or certain deodorants and lotions and makeup and hair products. Inflammatory foods like gluten and soy. Even if something is vegan, food or beauty product doesn’t mean it’s healthy.  You guys are a positive influence and there’s nothing that you did that caused this, it’s the world, and there’s no reason for it.  I hope positivity follows you everywhere you go. And if your hearts are open to functioninal medicin or naturopath, I would super encourage their help as well
Still praying for strength during treatment and complete healing. ❤️
We are praying for you.  Hope you feel better.
Praying for you guys
Love, health and positive vibes are being sent to you xx Your short hair looks so good on you!  You’re beautiful inside and out.  Thank you for sharing xxx  Sending love to bear too
Just dont over do it Bec♥️
I really think that Eamon's arms-out hugs could fix anything in the world. His grin and "I'm-here-for-it!" attitude shot straight to my heart and sent me into tears. I was grateful that he unselfishly gifts himself and anything he can do to Bec, her comfort, protection, health, and happiness. It was a beautiful thing to watch. Thank you for sharing your life with us. You inspire in more ways than you know. xoxox
In my Research I've come up with a possible cause... At our birth....Mom's Microorganism fill our Lymph nodes APPENDIX TONSILS amount other storage.... As we live Life we use Antibiotics that empty our micro reserve's..... & They fill with Fungus that our Immune system tries to force OUT.... Sometimes the Breast is the Closest way OUT.... & It maybe Stuck = Breast Cancer.... Good Luck....
I am so sorry you are going through this.  17 years ago I started walking the path you find yourself on today.  I understand how life has completely changed, and that every morning you wake up, the day is coloured by the fact you have cancer.   If you react to that fact with a strong heart, half the battle will be over.  May I share a couple of really important things that I wished that I knew way back when? Sometimes doctor's speak in percentages when discussing why option #1 may be better than option #2.  Try to ensure each percentage discussed is absolute.  For example....h results of a study show 20% of people respond positively to XYZ.  But, you need to know if that number is absolute (20 people out of every 100) and not relative (1 out of 5).  Next, the amounts of drugs you'll be given, i.e. chemo, are calculated by your physical body mass only.  But how you'll feel will be more connected to how fast or slow you metabolize medication.  I quit my chemo after two sessions because I metabolize medication very slowly vand I was overweight at the time.  It's great to see you have set priorities that bring you joy....having a walk and a hug.  Safeguard your immune system and your quality of life.  The whole point of treatment is to become cancer free for the rest of your life.  And not to suffer from serious side effects from drugs.  I too had estrogen receptor positive breast cancer, and was almost given a taxane in my chemo cocktail.  But two days prior, I was reading a study from a cancer institute saying taxanes aren't effective for estrogen receptor positive cancer.  When I brought this up with my oncologist, she was comfortable leaving it out.  But if I'd not done my homework I would have received this chemo.  It happens to have the most serious side effects that can last a long time.  Listen to your body....and your intuition.  You'll be amazed at how much you'll benefit from this.   Good luck to you both!!!
Thank you so much for sharing your journey. I can't tell you how helpful it is to hear from someone going through a similar serious health journey. It's great to hear the thoughts that run through your mind and how you are dealing with all of the emotions and allowing yourself to rest and heal. I think it's even harder for someone as young as you.   You are used to relying on your body and all the sudden  now you can't. That is a tough realization in it's self.   My prayers are with you, we are strong women and we can do this!  I've found hope in looking at what I still have.   Somedays I can't walk well but that means I can cuddle my dogs and binge watch Netflix.   I've taught myself to knit,  crochet and now diamond painting!   I find creating gives me so much joy!   Praying you find a place of peace and comfort.
Praying for you both to get through this with the best mental, emotional and physical health as possible... sending so much positive and healing love to yall🙏🙏🙏💞💞💞🙌🙌🙌💯💯💯🌞🌞🌞
Bec and Eamon my prayers are with you♥️♥️♥️
have you guys looked into soursop & the baking soda treatment to help kill cancer cells ? sending so much love 💕
I also wish you well.... I've done research on Chemo Hair Loss.... & Here's an Idea from.me.... Don't get Grossed out but I think this should work.... Chemo searches for Fungus.... So it Exits thought places that may harbor Fungus...  Like Hair Follicles ( & toe Nails ).... Begin to Wash your Hair & Toes... With Your Own Urine.... Just Rinse well & No Daily Smell.... Soon you'll totally use it in Shower & your Skin & Hair will Be Baby Soft.... & Free of Fungus for Chemo to Attack.... Good Luck....
Sending lots of love and prayers to toe two of you!,
Stay strong Bec and Eamon you will get through this your love for each other will always win any ugliness of cancer.
Every one has cancer in there body's it's when it comes active
I admire your strength and bravery Bec! Thank you for sharing your story.
You are a champion Bec. I don't mean this in a judgemental way but just wondering about your alcohol consumption as you're looking for answers. The women I know who have had breast cancer have all been quite heavy binge drinkers. We live in a culture that normalizes heavy drinking while downplaying the dangers, especially for young women.i know it's the least of your concerns but you look really cute with short hair.
Been praying for you guys. Hope all is going okay. Bec, I have gone through the journey myself a few years ago and I know it’s not easy but you can get through it!  Just remember that this will pass in time and you will realize just how strong you have been throughout and what a badass woman you are!!!  Love you all. Sending you lots of hugs!  Eaton - you are an awesome partner and so encouraging and supportive. Bec is a lucky woman to have you by her side!!!
best wishes guys, loads of love and hugs your way.
U guys must get so much advice or tips but I couldn't not share. I recently have been watching a Dr on YouTube talking on the benefits of fasting & in one of his videos he goes into the benefits of fasting before chemo. I have no experience with cancer so I have no idea how practical it actually is but u can find him on a page called the 'Galen foundation'. Hopeful the next 5 months flys by smoothly for u and u'r healthy & well again soon. 🙏🙏❤️❤️
I LOVE YOUR HAIR...SO CUTE. FEEL BETTER LOVE.
We are all near you guys! Be strong and happy like always! Much love! <3
hope all the best for you, I started my treatment in November, and wille see the light at the end of the tunnel in April. Then it will be hormone therapy
2008 The Beautiful Truth movie. Gerson therapy. Coffee ground enema therapy. Sending healing energy. 🙏
I've been avoiding watching this video 😔 sending love and prayers
Swirling Love, Light, Peace, Joy & Healing all around Amon & Beck. Namaste
We are all proud of you both for sharing this journey. Stay focused on the most important things and don't let the small things get you down. You're doing great!!! xxxx (Both of you)
I always look forward to hearing from you both. You are an inspiration of strength and resilience, love and energy. I wish the very best for you Bec and keep up the positivity as much as you can, I'm sending mine your way. Buddy, keep up the great work looking after your girl! Love you guys! Take care.
Good luck with everything I know everything is going to turn out well for you. I have to share with you to please check out Joe Dispenza check out his YouTube and his website he can teach you to kill yourself if you do the work work is amazing he explains it better than I could! And their scientific research being done on the work he’s doing with people and he explains it all scientifically. I hope it’s something you would enjoy.
Not trying to be political and i don't know if you are vaxxed but just fyi, those that have taken the covid vax are often reporting cancer showing up or coming back after being in remission. Just something for you to consider for your future. Many prayers for you and your heatlh.
Sending so much love and positivity💜💜💜 you got this!!!
I hope you feel better, sharing this link with you Dr Berg maybe have some suggestions what food can help you https://youtu.be/ElFiZ_5xVMU
Bec,  by documenting your journey (red pee and all)  you are helping a lot of women (and men) who have to go through this. You are rightfully confused about the seeming futility of all of the healthy things you have done, yet you still got the disease. Your efforts may be helping you heal faster, recover sooner from the chemo, and will serve you well in the future.. Also, many patients blame themselves for getting sick, and they may find grace by knowing that this can happen to anyone. Sending some warm light from the desert for you, kiddo!
Sending prayers and love your way for you both. I was wondering how you were doing the other day. I am happy that you are comfortable sharing this side of your life and journey.
90% of recovery is your in your mind. Please keep a positive attitude and know that you both are supported and prayers will continue. ❤️
Feeling for you. Went through chemo with my wife. I hope your experience is better. Get well soon.
Wow. Watching you two walk through this together. Watching LOVE happen in this way, right before our eyes. Amazing…
My heart goes out to you both, AC is tough. I walked in your exact shoes 5 yrs. ago. I'm still here and writing and praying for you both.
Thank you for sharing your story so openly and honestly. I have always been curious as to what this journey would entail and seeing it through your experience makes it real. We love you guys.
Bec. 20 yrs ago I had 6 months of hard chemo. You can do this. When you said you were craving pickles it made me think of something I craved pickled beets like crazy! In fact that's pretty much what I ate. My blood counts were always fantastic and even though I was almost 40 they said my blood work look like I was 18. If you like pickled beets try to eat them I really think that had something to do with it. Prayers for you both. You get this girl!
The one thing that stuck out from you trying your best to be positive is when u said (  try to find one thing that makes you happy   ) (  mine is that beautiful wife and my life that makes me super happy  )  Thank you bec you are amazing person and my wife and I really appreciate you and Eamon love yea guys ❤️🙏🏼❤️
God bless you guys, stay strong , if ur interested there is a u tube channel called the truth about cancer with ty and Charlene Bollinger. Very interesting information . Take care guys. Much love to you !
Looking for the cause of cancer..... Genetic testing, looking at diet... What about experimental m.R.N.A. treatments................................. ?
When I was in remission my doctor gave me a bunch of different research to help me stay healthy. One of the studies was about aluminum and it was shocking how much it increases risk when you already are at risk. Aluminum is in canned foods, a lot of packaged store foods, deoterant and packet proteins, spices, etc.   Continuing you send you so much love and light. Your positivity and perseverance against adversity via intentional relationships is so inspiring. I adore you both.
Bec... look into Turkey Tail Mushrooms....It will help your recovery... please have a look into it. Paul Stamets is the foremost expert on this. Just reaching out.. Eamon and Bec wishing you the best.
💖💖💖💖💖💖 love you guys!!! you're so strong 💖💖💖💖💖
Would u consider marijuana for nausea
Thank you for allowing us on this journey with you. You are both in my prayers and I'm sending positive thoughts and vibes your way. Hugging you both.
Hope you know how incredible you both are.
As I was watching I was thinking about how getting your house and making it a home all happened for a reason, so you would have somewhere to recover. ❤️ PS I hope Bear is in his furever home with you, he is perfect for you guys and came at the perfect time, to be your therapy dog.
I just first wanted to say that i’ve been watching you guys for a long time now, around 3 years i think, and i love you guys. I’ve been sending good vibes your way and I am so proud of everything you are doing! You will both get out of this situation stronger than ever! No matter what your content is, where life takes you, or what you decide to do, know there are people out there who will always support ya! ♥️♥️
hola👍
Thank you both.
I already adore you so much! You have an amazing partner I’m so happy I came across your channel ❤️ I saw my momma fight with all her heart, she knew she couldn’t leave us, just like God did his miracle with her I KNOW he will do the same to you!!
Thank you for sharing ur journey. Sending healing thoughts. A small Joy I received from watching this video is the sound of you walking on the packed snow. I come from Vancouver and we only get a small amount of slushy snow and didn’t realize how much I miss/love the squeaky sound of walking on packed snow until this video.
My thoughts are with you both.. you got this lean on each other bec if u need to sleep then sleep do what you need to do for you x
With positivity your body and mind will heal💕
Have a cheese burger. You'll feel better!!
So, sooo much love to you both.
Can you not get CBD oil legal in Canada ? and if you take some THC then you dont get so ill
I am so unbelievably proud of you guys! Sending all my love and positive thoughts your guises way!🤍🤍🤍
Sending lots of love from Bhutan ❤️❤️❣️
Your journey definitely helps me to be a better partner also on this journey. Bless both of you.
Love and light to you Bec!!! 🤍🤍🤍🤍
You should look into getting a wig done from your own hair. It looks so beautiful and healthy right now!
You are doing amazing, Bec.  Eamon, You are a super caregiver.  Love how you two are walking the journey together.  Yes, having the good days and the bad.  Praying more of the good days.  Letting your followers know there are also the mind games that we do with ourselves.  You are so smart to have a support team.  Journaling.  Keeping your focus on the end game, beating cancer.  Go team!!  You have a world of supporters.  ❤️🌺❤️🌞
You both are amazing, and how beautiful is Oso.. you can tell he just wants to make you feel better🥰  can I ask what breed he is?  xx
Dear Bec and Eamon, I’ve been thinking about you a lot lately. It took me a while to send this message because I wasn’t sure it would be of any help. But today’s video remind me so much about my childhood and my mum that I felt the need to tell you this : my mum who is 84 today was diagnosed with breast cancer in 1970, she was 33. As you said the therapy was not as good as it is today however she fought (as you will surely do) and beat « the crab » as we call it in France. Some years later my mum took the genetic test that revealed she was not a carrier of bad gene. She was living a healthy life… so why her. There is no answer. Also I don’t forget about Eamon because as a child I remember how hard it was for my dad and I (in 1970 no one bothered about the collateral damages). For now and for the days to come I send you my very best wishes and my positives thoughts
Love from northern Norway 🇳🇴 Sending you both all my love and positive energy… I know this will go well for you Bec❤️ But if you need my energy I will send it all to you. You are my inspiration ❤️ And Eamon you man you🤩 You are a star 🤟🏻💪🏻👍🏼
I think about Bec often! Everyday I take a moment to send some positive energy towards her way but I also send out some to eamon too! You both have my heartbeat 🍀💚
Sending warm mom type hugs to you both. Hang in there.
So wonderful to see you counting your blessings and appreciating the beauty all around.
We’re cheering for you Bec!! ❤️
oso is such a good boy, him and eamon will be great nurses
One fun thing to know when you have a dog is that when the sneeze where you’re petting them it means they’re happy
Sending all the love and prayers! Stay positive and keep sharing because you are helping SO many people who are going through this as well as their partners! You both are inspirational
You're such a warrior!  I agree with  Sailing LaVagabond...I look for your videos everyday, you're both awesome.   I have 4 children (3 girls one boy) and 15 grandchildren.  I pray a lot and have included you two in my prayers.  Your fans love you to bits!
Sending strength and prayers for your speedy recovery 🌸🌺💐
1st I would like to say thank you for sharing your life experience and I wanna say but I wanna say I am so proud of you guys for hanging in there and reaching for the stars for the best you are old and my prayers keep the faith because when all fail when all failed the faith will get you through I promise you that I love you guys and I don't want you to lose hope Everything's gonna be all right Some days when I feel down I watch your videos and it gives me sunshine when the sun aint even out God-bless you all Everything I meant to say is on here because I have to tell it because my fingers hurts really bad so I can't type it I'm so love and keep it coming Smile smile smile
Hi you don’t know me but I feel like I know you both through your videos good luck with your treatment you’re both really nice people I wish everyone were like you xxx
❤thinking of you!❤
Sending you both good vibes, good thoughts and strength. I have learned to appreciate and focus on what I have and not on what I don't have anymore. Greetings from Sweden.
A friend of mine had both breasts removed and went through 4 months of chemo as well followed by radiation and now she is cancer free and living her best life!  YOU will get there too.  Stay positive, don't read to much online because everyone is different, surround yourself with positive and loving people.  You will get through this.  Sending you lots of love! xo
Sending you so much love, you are amazing.
You are very brave in sharing your journey! Hopefully the restrictions will lift and Eamon will be able to come in with you! I’m very proud of you 💜💜🇨🇦
Wow! You two are amazing. Being so positive about it all. Well done. They say a positive attitude always helps. Sending you both lots of positivity and well wishes for this tough time ahead!!! Also, what breed of puppy dog is he? We love watching him I. Your videos :)
Thinking about you both! I’m so glad you have each other. Sending love & hugs!
You Guys Good Example of the Strong Lovely Couple !!!
😉🤗🧡🧡🧡🧡🧡🧡🧡🧡🧡🧡🧡👍
I never comment on videos but I want you to know Bec that you are in my thoughts and prayers.   My heart hurts for what you guys are going through.    Been watching you guys so long that you feel like family.    Hugs and positive vibes.
This was a hard one to watch, but I have so much admiration for you sharing your journey so publicly. Your positivity is so inspiring. Sending love and light to you both, and a BIG virtual hug x 🧡
Hello Bec and Emmon  I don’t know what to say but prayers are on your way You guys are beautiful people inside and out and you will pull thru this because you are strong person . Take care Dale
what a blessing to have this all happen when you have your beautiful cabin to feel safe in. thinking of you.
Sending you all of my love and sunshine Bec and Eamon!❤️💙💜💚🧡🤍🖤💛💗🤎💞💟💕💖💘💓💝❣️💌🌞:-)
Keep going girl we’re all praying  For you over here in England your such a lovely human being An eamon gods angels will be with you just keep thanking the big fella for a healthy body he’s always listening girl 😍👍
You got this girl!!!! You are so powerful and i know you will come out on top of this! I see you sinning in the sun with a short haircut and a coconut 😝  From my knowledge one of the best things that could help you is to eating raw living foods for a while. Grab some sea moss, speak loving words to your food and water and enjoy 🤗
I am praying for you guys. I am so glad you have so much support on this journey. Love you guys. ❤️  You've got this! ❤❤❤
P.S. I think your dog is an angel zipped up in a dog suit. He's such a love.
<3
Your last video was so informative and will be helpful for others going through a similar situation. It was heartbreaking to watch but I'm so thankful you filmed the experience. I couldn't help noticing your commitment to each other. Bec keep thinking positive thoughts, Eamon you a great partner and nurse! I too am thinking about you daily and want the best outcome for you both.
Sending prayers and healing light 🙏💛
I felt the urge to pass this along! Great eternal truths! https://youtu.be/sgJoOB3vH6o The healing is already done!!
Love and prayers as you walk this journey
You are helping yourself heal by just having a amazing attitude…you can not predict the future so enjoy every day and keep up the strength. We are all here for you. You are a beautiful woman…inside and out. Woman to woman 💜🌈💝🌸🌺🌼
Bec, I send up prayers for total healing from breast cancer, and a minimal amount of side-effects during your treatments.  God is able to do much more than you can imagine.  You are worthy!  Be blessed!
Hang in there prayers sent your way
My mother was 80 when she was diagnosed with breast cancer.  She went in with a positive attitude.... sat for 4 hours getting treatments every 3 weeks. She took it like a champ.... she's my hero... my love.  Your attitude towards this is amazing also.  God will be with you!!! You WILL BE a survivor!
Love you two and the beautiful love you share with each each other! I’ve been married 37 years and would of given anything to have a good beautiful relationship as the two of you. You are both in my heart and prayers. Stay strong you two. You guys  have a lot of wonderful followers that really are praying for your recovery from this invasive disease.
Soo sorry you are going through this.. after chimo..  drink a lot it can be soup my dad sweard by it.  when he was going through this..
Gosh my heart goes out to you becs. I am praying for you so much. All those inj and now the sickness. It must be awful. Im hoping its going to end the illness imean. Shame its awful when ine has to loose hair. Ive had a lot of family members who have been through what you going through. Hang in there. Eamon is great. Take care both of you 🤗🤗
Sending lots and lots of positivity and love to you both as always. You’re helping me stay positive and focus on the little blessings of every day life ❤️❤️❤️❤️
❤️❤️❤️
I’m sending you all the love I have.
They say not to kiss or swap fluids after chemo for 72 hours because we're toxic.
Sending you so much love!! You got this babe! ❤️
So proud of you Bec.  Stay positive.  Praying for you.
Some people live their whole life not having the love you guys have for each other.  You truely are blesssed with every day you have together.
You really need to check out Medical Medium. It saved my life.
You are a strong girl Bec....stay positive ...can't wait to see you on the other side of liquid sunshine...love from Delhi, India.
what am impressive video!
We went away for the long weekend (Ontario, too), and I have been anxiously waiting to watch this video. Anxious because I have been so worried for you. Both my aunt and mother have had breast cancer, and I am terrified of it, both for myself and my daughter. I can’t thank you enough for taking us along on this journey. Things become less scary when you know what you face. And thank you for showing the good and the bad, it’s so important. Your strength and courage are giving strength and courage to so many people. Sometimes it’s just in the genes, and you can’t change your genes. What we can change is how we fight this. I have been “rebounding” (mini trampoline) for the benefits to the lymphatic system. The more tools in my tool belt, the better. You will probably never see this message, but I believe in the power of intention, so I am sending love and healing your way, and I believe you will receive it. ❤️
I love you guys so much. You’re gonna get through this Bec. It took me some time for me to get through it but I found my way thanks to GOD and self healing it’s all working and I have trust and faith in all things and to survive mine. Keep going Bec you’ll do great 💪🏻💖
When your sooo desperate for views , relevancy and fame that you will exploit yourself and you diseases for sum YouTube ad revenue… classic 🤣🤦‍♂️🤣
💛💛💛💛💛💛 I call my granddaughter ☀️ my sunshine but she said you can borrow the name because you remind her of the sunshine. Keep strong sweetheart. Thinking of you 💛💛💛xxx
Sending all my love and best wishes. You deserve the best sweet Bec. Beautiful inside and out ❤️
You are so strong. I can't imagine what you've been going through the last few months with your misdiagnosis and the physical and emotional rollercoaster ride you have been on. You can be so proud of yourself for being such a strong fighter and for staying positive and also acknowledging the lows. You've come so far now, the rest of your treatment will be over before you know it and you'll be healthy again. And one day you'll be an awesome mommy and your kids will so lucky to have you and Eamon as their parents. ☺️ Sending you all the sunshine and hugs from the german alps. Keep it up and get healthy soon 🍀💛  P.S. Your bear is adorable 🐻🐕
Try Jesus. Its that simple!
Bec, you look stunning with your short hair! It looks so cute with the bangs 🤗 sending all the love and positive vibes to you and Eamon and all your loved ones supporting you through this. Thank you for sharing your journey with us, you both are such an inspiration 💕
Sending you good vibes. I have been on this journey and have cancer free going on 8 years! Keeping you in my heart and prayers.
So I watched this video in bits and parts (had to keep stopping to cry) and did not feel able to comment until now. Dearest Bec, you are on my mind and in my heart these days. My favourite cousin is having chemotherapy right this moment and although her diagnosis was severe, she is showing improvement and we are thrilled. Love both of you so much, and holding you both close to my heart.
I love and support y'all so much. One thing I find super disappointing with society is that we are allowed to have a super bowl, huge festivals, these major gathering; but yet a husband can't even go into this hospital with his wife when she is receiving chemotherapy. What kind of logic is that, if anyone knows I would love to hear.
My 91 year old mother lives on red meat and potatoes she microwaves her coffee and has never seen the inside of a gym. But yeah. Go vegan?
Sending you love and light, you can do this! <3
💕 hugs and prayers, positive thoughts from the US 🇺🇸
You’re such an inspiration. We all our holding you both near and dear and here to support you through your journey. You’re not alone. Your positive spirt is remarkable.
Thank you for sharing your life with us. We are all thinking good thoughts and Prayers are going up!  You can do this!
All the love in the world for Bec🔥❤️ you Got this Queen! Cant wait till you post that you are cured, because you ARE going to make it! Love from Sweden/Denmark ☀️
Bec you are so strong and I am praying for you and Eamon all the time! You are such a beautiful soul and I know you can beat this. You've got this love!
so much love sent your way! <3<3<3
Bec, YOU are such a blessing!🙏 YOU are a warrior✊  YOU inspire me! 🌞 When I start to slip and don't think I can fight through my unexpected debilitating ailment, I will remember your COURAGE. 😭  Having courage doesn't mean your aren't afraid. Having courage means you ARE afraid, but you do it anyway!    YOU are bravely facing your own mortality, and I see your light so clearly-- your PURE SOUL is shining through BRIGHTER than ever... 🌞🌛⭐✌💛
Warmest wishes to you both and well done Bec for being a total hero! 🤒 just need to say.. you NEED to adopt that dog! He is wonderful and totally in sync with you both. He will be a great comfort during your treatment. Xx Bless you and hoping so much your getting better. Xxx please just rest.. your body needs it. What’s a few months in the bigger scale of things xx ❤️
Prayers 🙏🙏 and Positive thoughts, energy & love .. you've got this!!
Prayers for strength and continuous positivity for Bec & Eamon !
Dr. Love’s breast book is good for information.   I had Stage 3C breast cancer in 2015.  Went through double mastectomy, chemo and radiation.  All clear now.  Praying for you!
Here to hold space for the good emotions and the difficult ones throughout this journey. As y’all know your not alone and so so loved and appreciated. It is also so generous to take us along this journey with you. I know it’s going to help so many people going through the same thing, and it is such a beautiful gift ❤️
Bec, you sweet thing.  Don’t spend any time thinking about how you will get through the next 6 months.  Just live one day at a time to the fullest, whatever that is on any particular day.  If anyone knows how to live for the moment it is the two of you!  And when you say “see you Sunday”, please know that I DO see you every Sunday as I pray for you, video or not.  Much ❤️
I have been that person standing next to a loved one going through this journey and I just want to send you so much love and support Eamon 🤍 and to you Bec, you are loved, you are strong and you are truly amazing.🙏🏽 I know it’s important to you to make sure that everyone around you is okey and have support but i love seeing you taking time to pause and take care of you. 🤍Always in my thoughts and sending you all the energy and good intentions so that the liquid sun does its work 🤍🙏🏽
I found you guys 4 years ago when i started my cancer journey i was diagnosed with Defused B-cell Non Hodgkin’s Lymphoma
Much healing love & light to you !
God bless you. I’m praying for you both. ❤️
Thinking about you both a lot! Bec you are fighting through so strongly, your mindset is so inspirational! Sending more healing thoughts ❤
I don't know if you gonna read this, but you were diagnosed on 21st in 2021: 21 means breakthrough! This is gonna be your breakthrough! I am praying for you!!
Sending the biggest of Hugs to You Bec , and of course to Eamon - the guy is a legend - Bec you look amazing - much love from Lee & Karla in the UK
We love you guys! you've got this down! 😀
you said: "I'm skeptical about the pharmaceutical companies" but then you advertise the green powders you drink! and eat a nice 2kg steak
I was diagnosed with stage 3 IDC on 1/21/21. I’m thinking of you and please, let your body rest and heal when you can. It really is exhausting to have your entire life turned upside down. I’m on continual treatment now, my 6th round of Kadcyla now as I’m HER2+ and hormone negative so our plans are a bit different but know that there are an army of us out here that understand and are pulling for you in the background. ❤️
Your amazing and you have this! Stay strong stay healthy!!
Thinking of you both in these hard days. You have such great attitudes. I hope one day we can meet in Vanlife
Best wishes to both of you and thank you so much for sharing this journey, including the ugly negatives as well as the beautiful positives.   Three things you said in the video felt so relatable, as someone who recently had surgery and radiation therapy for a (thankfully benign) tumor: (1) the treatment making you feel worse than you did before diagnosis, which is such a weird thing to come to terms with, (2) pets showing us the importance of rest and doing what feels right in the moment, and (3) recognizing the emotional impact on the partner and caregiver.   Glad you're both getting a lot of support and love. Adding mine! 💜
Are you afraid of death?  Read this carefully for the cure ;   Every one of us has sinned against God. We’ve lied, we’ve stolen, we’ve sinned sexually, and we’ve taken His name in vain; which makes us liars, thieves, fornicators and blasphemers ... Yet this is only four of our many transgressions .  The problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good works because God is perfect in Holiness, meaning his standard is beyond our reach. He is also perfect in Justice, meaning, he will bring EVERY sin to light. The punishment for our sin is death, and Hell; a place of Eternal Fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth .  Fortunately God is also perfect in Love; so 2000 years ago, he left his throne in heaven, and came to earth as a man named Jesus Christ. While here, he lived a perfectly righteous life, only to take the punishment that We deserved; Our sinless creator became our sin, and endured a gruesome death on a cross. In doing so, his blood was shed to wash us clean of our transgressions . Right before he died, he said ‘it is finished’ .. meaning, the debt for our sins has been paid in full. And on the third day, he defeated death and rose from the grave. So now, we can go free from the wrath of God’s judgement not by earning it, but rather, as a free gift of grace ..  Except gifts can be either accepted or rejected. So this is what you must do in response ;   Humbly admit to God that you have sinned against him. Then, confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, and your Savior. ( Romans 10:9 ) .   Do this, and you will be saved .  If you do so sincerely, God will grant you a new heart which no longer finds comfort in sin, but instead desires to read and obey his word, the holy bible. He will also grant you Eternal life in his presence; The greatest pleasure on earth doesn’t even come close to what God is preparing for believers in the afterlife .  You’ve been informed ; Now the choice is yours. What you do with this information will determine where you will be for ETERNITY.. Meaning, this is the single most critical decision you will EVER make .  Jesus Christ awaits you this very moment. Do not put off surrendering your life to him, because your tomorrow isn’t guaranteed... and as it is written ( Hebrews 9 : 27 ) ;  ‘It is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, THE JUDGMENT’.
So many of us wish there was more than just words on a screen, positive energy and ongoing thoughts and prayers that we could do for you.   If we could, we would. Because you are special. And this is just one chapter. Xx
Bec, you have an amazing soul. Both of you together are going to get there this the best way possible under the circumstances. Getting Bear was probably the best thing you could of done. He will help the both of you time after time. Keeping u in my thoughts. Oxoxox. Girl u got this!
Ty Bollinger truth about cancer. Very helpful. U both are truly beautiful and strong. Saying prayers for you. You got this. Blessings to you
You may want to look into acupuncture prior to chemo. It helps w the side effects
Sending you heaps of love ❤️ only suggestion I have is please stop eating soy ANYTHING!
Have u both watched the truth about cancer. Chemo is not good. It's poison. Please look it up
So happy that the universe brought you a big, beautiful dog to live with you two through this. The joy and positivity he brings to you shines in your faces. His size allows so much healing touch. You are both so brave to be sharing all that you are going through. I’m here sending support and love always. ❤️
You guys are absolutely incredible. Sending lots of love from Nova Scotia!
I love you three!!
Hey Eamon and Bec! I just wanted to say that you two are an inspiration. Through the ups and downs that you share with the online world, you take them on as a team with your heads held high, and I can't express how much of an encouragement it is! My thoughts and prayers go out to you both as you tackle this new challenge in your lives.   On another note, I am also a fellow Kingston resident, so if you ever need any good places to eat while you're downtown let me know!  Anyways, all the best to you both and keep doing what you're doing!  Best, ~Andrew
God bless you.....
Prayers guys!
🙏❤🙌💪 Love heals 💖   ❤🙌💪🙏
Good morning Bec I want you to know that I’m still praying for you continue to be positive and strong as much as you can and tell your man I said hi you too guys are full of love
They say life on earth is a class room that souls sign up for to learn lessons and so you two must be thinking "Why would we ever sign up for this?!!!" Fear not there are NO mistakes. You are learning and teaching with every moment of this journey. Be gentle with yourselves. I send you so much love. Thank you.
Bec well done darling..... You are a strong positive woman. Even showing your red pee is a insight to what you and others go through. We are with through the up times in your life so thank you for sharing a time in which is a low time for yourself and Eamon ( you star to Eamon 👍). I already thought how pretty you look with your bangs so having new hair styles will be great to experiment as you have a beautiful face too. I am also in the theory that cancer can lay dormant in all of us and sometimes shock can trigger it too, like loosing a loved one, accident etc. Keep saying beautiful lady and you have been such an inspiration for us all. ( That myself and hubby started our own adventure channel for the older adventurers ) sending hugh love and a speedy recovery ❤️
Sending you lots of love and healing thoughts and prayers. ❤️❤️❤️
Sending much love and strength!!!! You both are AMAZING souls ❤️❤️
Thank you for sharing your cancer journey with us. I began my own breast cancer journey in 2019, and so much of what you say and are experiencing truly resonates with me. I can see how having Oso (Bear) really lifts your spirits. I rescued a pup during treatment. I call her my "chemo" dog and don't know how I could have made it through without her. She would lay in bed with me when I couldn't get up, and then everyday, we went outside for fresh air and some type of walk, depending on my energy level. As I've said in previous comments, I began following your adventures during treatment. Your love and honesty truly boosts my spirits. Please know that I am with you through all these challenges and sending you strength and love from Colorado. xo w
You are in my thoughts daily and I send good vibes and prayers up for healing, comfort and peace. Eamon you are a trooper, it is so hard to watch someone we love go through so much and all we want to do is make it better but we can’t. Stay the course, y’all’s love for each other is strong! 💗
Be strong Bec! We are praying for you. You are blessed to have. Supportive husband. We love you both.
We all love u to ❤️‍🔥💐❤️‍🔥
Chemotherapy gives you a 1% chance of survival. Google it if you don't believe me. All you are doing is making the last days of your life riddled with illness. Cut out the Chemo and bring in the fruits and veggies. Overload your diet with nutrition. If it's not too late it'll cure the cancer. If it is too late, You'll die. So why spend your last days being ill?
It truly is overwhelming to get a diagnosis and then all the stuff that comes with it. It affects you each individually and as a couple. I am a 9 1/2 yr survivor of breast cancer. The big picture of chemo, surgery, radiation...it was alot to process. So I had to break it down and concentrate not just on each chemo session but just getting through each day! And in each day we celebrated each little victory..whatever it was, we found something to celebrate each day. If nothing got worse, that was a little victory! But each day we remembered to be grateful for each other,  my super girl power medical team made up of amazing women! I know you have the courage and the strength to make it through all of it! All of a sudden you find yourself part of an amazing community and meet others going through their journey. Embrace those connections as we all become sisters of the heart !❤
I’m so thankful I found your channel. I’m in awe of your bravery and love and compassion and JOY!  My dear friend has just finished her last of 5 radiation treatments and her 8 rounds of chemo. Her hair is growing back and she feels so good knowing she did what she had to do. You are both amazing. Thank you for being so vulnerable. 🙏
You are so brave and strong!! Much love to you two 💛
Been watching your vlogs for a while now...never posted...I just had my 67 year old friend go through the same treatment for aggressive breast cancer.  She made it through and rang the bell once for her chemo and once for her radiation.  Bec, you are physically slender,  but  mentally a warrior.  You are going to be okay.  Finally, I think you guys found your "first child".  Please keep that dog.  He looks like Eamon......something in his expression and the slight upturn of his nose😊
Also CONGRATS ON 1 MILLION!🎉🎉🎉
My heart goes out to you. My sister and mother went through a similar journey with breast cancer.   I pray you both will receive the Lord Jesus Christ as your personal Savior. He loves you more than anyone else and wants to comfort you and give you peace and joy in the midst of your trial.  Thru the Bible is a wonderful free app that you can listen to daily that will encourage you. Also Blue Letter Bible has a free audio Bible. I love to listen to the Bible read. The gospel of John and Psalms are good to start with you. Praying for you daily to look to Jesus❤️🙏
I am so sorry you are both going through this. Praying for you both!🙏🏻❤️
So emotional, so powerful, so strong. You will crush this journey with the most incredible mindset and passion for living your best, most authentic life. Following your journey is hard but it will help so many to follow in your spirit and lust for embracing life as it comes. 🥰
I know it's not the same experience but I have had crohn's disease since I was 14 years old. I have yet to find something that works fully for more than a decade now, currently I take meds through infusions every 6 weeks. I know it gets so hard and you feel like the pain will never go away, but I know you have the will and love for yourself to make it through anything <3 You've inspired me to call my medicine liquid sunshine and start looking at it in a more positive view. There will be lots of anxiety and lots of trial and error but I believe in you ! Lots of love and happiness to the both you <3 and thank you :)
You got this Bec! I’m 2 days ahead of you on the same chemo protocol (4AC, 4Taxol). I had AC #3 yesterday! My oncologist remarked I am doing exceptional and to keep my positive mindset and keep staying active! I call it super power secret sauce, but now I will call it super power secret sauce sprinkled with liquid sunshine! ☀️💪 #nohairdontcare #strongwarriors
Hey Bec :) At the very start when you're talking about all the things you "do right", I just wanted you to know, I'm certain it made a difference - i went plant based during and because of cancer (cervical cancer from 21 years old) and it improved me greatly and improved by progress away from cancer - i truly believe that if i stayed vegetarian i would have gotten a lot sicker and been sicker for a lot longer. I know its tough and you ask yourself why when you are otherwise so healthy but i really believe that i would have been so much sicker if i hadn't have already been healthy and happy and at the least vegetarian (with a dairy allergy, so almost vegan! :) )... I didnt recieve treatment until i was 24 and i do believe i wouldnt have even made it that far if i wasnt already looking after my bod and heart!      I'm certain this is the case for you too as you seem textbook happy and have such a wonderful soul, so please don't blame yourself :)   p.s. I know its not the same cancer; treatment etc and i dont want to give false hope, rather to know that it isn't impossble... I am now 32, still not yet able to say im in remission, but I am 26 weeks pregnant with our first baby, a little boy <3   So very much love xxxxxxx
Thanks so much for sharing your journey so openly and with such grace. Sending love and happy vibes to you from Vancouver Island.
Your truthfulness and bravery astound me. To be so open and honest is what most women need. Fight like a girl!!! 💕
You both are definitely one of the strongest people I know in my life!!! Without actually knowing you, but these videos speak in and of itself!!! Pure treasures inspiring me so much! SENDING YOU SO MUCH LOVE! ❤❤❤
You both are incredible human beings.
Praying for you both!
Bec you are in my prayers.You are a strong individual ,you are gonna concur this.You going beat cancers butt.Love you Bec be strong and rely of God🤍🤍Hope you feel better🤍
You know something, when you looked at the camera, Bec, and said “I love you guys too!” right before the first liquid sunshine treatment I could feel a warmth in my heart. Thank you for sharing that energy with us even when you are scared and nervous.
Oh Boy so watching this is breaking my heart for you. Oso is Such a blessing!   The fact that you will be required to stay at home has blessings too. You get to see the warmth start waking up the trees and flowers.  I bet you might even find some snowbells blooming soon!  Look up Yarn mandalas  i started making them they are so Calming and  peaceful. They don’t smell not messy lightweight easily carried and are you don’t have to be perfect. The colors will cheer you up and you have a lovely sense if accomplishment.  Know you have cheerleaders in Baja!   Your a great Inspiration to anyone going tru this
I did 16 rounds of chemo (2 different types) over 5 months…. Just go day by day and count down as you go.  That is how you get through it!
I don't generally comment but I do read the comments. You have an INCREDIBLY LOVING & SUPPORTIVE community on here. YOU ARE LOVED!! Try not to think too far ahead Bec. You only have to get through it one day at a time. Hugs and blessings!!
Love you all and appreciate you sharing your journey. Love love Oso!!!! Stay strong!
❤️💕
also side note I think you should keep lil Oso permanently he fits in with you guys so well and you seem to be very happy together :)
We are here. Sending you both so much love and admiration.
I'm very sorry. I've been watching y'all since the beginning so you actually seem like family too me.  I'm praying for your quick and full healing.
I have such insane love and respect for you to share your story, its mind blowing how many people in the world is both supporting you and receiving your amazing LOVE. this is powerful, be proud of who you are, you are an amazing couple
Thinking of you often, I would like to thank you both for sharing your journey with us, I cannot imagine how hard this is for you both its a total rollercoaster. But to share it with us will help everyone take the stigma and fear out of the process for all watching and making others not feel so alone. Love  Oso what a great source of joy and comfort at this time. Ooooh love the new hairstyle so cute. You will rock any style as you are beauty from wishing. Sending lots of love to you both, Hope Eamon you are doing great and it would also be good to see your journey at the same time so partners can also know how it feels supporting their loved ones (so we have both perspectives and how it feels highs and lows etc) only asking as I think this is hugely comforting for others going through the same thing and also educational to us all who have never been through what you are going through. You take the taboo out of it all and people relate. Its priceless, You’ve both got this, lots of love to you xx
Keep it real.  It is YOUR journey and everyone’s journey is individual and unique. Right?
You are starting with the right attitude.  I went through chemo for breast cancer from June to November 2020.  And you mentioned “control”.  It may sound strange but I enjoyed chemo as I had to go by myself because of COVID (even though I would have wanted to go by myself anyhow). I felt throughout chemo that I had control as I was “doing chemo” if that makes ANY kind of sense.   My biggest recommendation… stay hydrated (I drank a solid 80 oz a day during chemo because I watched another lady on YouTube who said it helped her).  And don’t feel too proud to ask for hydration and steroids with each infusion too. It helped me tremendously with nausea.  I had hardly any.
Wishing you all the best
Thinking of you Bec. Sending you all the love and strength. Eamon is right, you sharing this is very powerful. It feels like we can have a very small part in being by your side whilst you're going through this.
❤️
Your story is SOOOOOO inspiring to me & to SOOOOO  many!!! Thank you for sharing the good bad and ugly of this experience, because truth is most important. The red devil is interesting & I can see why that would be alarming if they didn’t call it that. by the way there’s no such thing as TMI for me personally.    I’m also so happy that you decided to cut your hair into a bob, because I just knew that you would look super cute! Even if you won’t have it very long, this is a way to experiment with your hair so that you know what you might like in the future. You never know, cuz you just might find a style that you never thought that you would like, that you fall in love with.   I also just want to say that I appreciate that you have a partner that is so supportive and clearly loves you more than anything! I think it’s extremely important too that your family was able to come out to support you, and I know that you are going to be OK! It’s these kind of stories that make us who we are, and stronger for it, although no one would ever choose it. I’ve been through hell in my life, but I can only imagine what this would feel like, and as emotional as it is for me to watch it, I can only try to understand how it feels to actually be going through it. I know there are going to be difficulties to come, but please know that you are not alone!   I will be one of your cheerleaders on the sidelines waiting for the good news to come that you have reached the end of your chemotherapy journey, that you have been able to find peace, and heal your body, and I’ll also be here when the babies come!!! Funny little sidenote: I don’t know if you believe in psychics, but my friends tell me that I have the ability to predict things that come true. Before I knew that you were going through a fertility journey, I saw you both with children. Two specifically… So it will be interesting for me to see if I’m right in the future of how many come through, but more than anything (as a big fan) I just want to see the two of you live out all of your big dreams & have them all come true!   Much Love from Cali! 💞🙏🏻💐  PS: I know several people that have been on this journey as couples, and if you do get to a point where you find a support group would be helpful, I have also heard from couples that the “caregiver” in the situation may also need their own support group, because their needs are different. I just thought I would mention it in case Eamon was feeling the need for something like that. I am assuming the doctors would have mentioned it, but since he can’t go into a lot of your appointments, I didn’t know what the situation would be around that. I hope this message helps in some way…. 🙏🏻  Pss: Oso is the cutest bby bear 🐻 ever!!!! 😍
You are a very brave girl. I appreciate that you find positive in everything. Please know that my heart and prayers are with you both💝💝
You are a very brave girl who finds positive in everything. Please know that my heart and prayers are with you both. 💝💝
Sending positive energy!!!
Sending you guys so much love & light! Praying for strength, health, & recovery over you Becc ♥️✨
Keep yourself positive I am a firm believer in positive thoughts and affirmation
Sending love and healing prayers.  "She stood in the storm and when the wind did not blow her way she adjusted her sails."
Continued prayers love and good vibes 💜  this is the 3rd time I’ve come back to watch this video. I know I’m going to cry so I’ve been avoiding. But I’m here and going to watch this time. Much love 💗
There is a person needing help and I can't do anything about it myself as i live in Iran and financially helping them is not doable from here but could u please watch this video and if possible help them in anyway you can?  https://youtu.be/DENuelqTwiw
I've been following you for a while now. I am so amazed and proud at how strong you have been through this whole process. I love you guys stay strong, you got this!
You're both strong and very genuine person. Be brave together be love together be with each other always 💖. I pray for your fastest recovery 🙏
Thinking of you guys! This can’t be easy. On 26 January I also had to go in for a procedure to remove pre cancerous cells. I am so glad I could share the day with you, both of us feeling all this anxiety and fear… Mine feels so much less significant now. You will get through this. Just take it one day at a time. I am also lucky enough to have a supporting husband like you. Keeping you in my prayers so you have the strength to go on. HUGS Lucy 🇿🇦❤️
Sending you so so much love and healing Bec 💕💕💕
You‘re rocking this like a True Champ 🙌🏻 what a powerfull human you are🙌🏻✨ and eamon and Puppy are both sweethearts 🤍🤍 Wishing you all the best
You are beyond amazing. I've been dealing with stage 0 BC and had 3 surgeries and am about to start radiation.  It's so wild how God put this video on my feed so that I can be inspired by you. You are in my prayers, and you will do this!!!
Bec, just an FYI….. you shouldn’t let Bear lick you very much. The toxins are released from your pores after chemo & basically the entire time you’re under treatment. I’m praying with you for your life, happiness & well being. My 45 year old son was diagnosed 6 months with stage 4 appendix cancer. It is rare, one in a million, & wouldn’t you know my son is lucky 🍀 NOT! I turned him on to AG & it’s amazing. Thank you for just being YOU because you are amazing 🙏🙏🙏❤️❤️❤️
You might only be able to eat chocolate foods like youhoo chocolate drink, maybe even thing you have never eaten before
The whole issue with thinking that your personal health comes down *only* to healthy living is so damaging. I know that only few people actually believes this wholeheartedly, but it is very easy to get sucked into that mentality in todays wellness/health culture. It puts pressure on us that are sick - like you must do something wrong or you wouldn’t be sick (which is ridiculous but easy to feel and also to judge people because it runs as an undercurrent under so many health blogs/content). It is good to optimize your chances of being healthy by eating right etc. but this belief system is so damaging and I wish people would stop. Sometimes life just throws a bucket of crap at you and nothing you did caused it. I have been chronically ill for half my life and spend 80 % of my time in bed and have to use a wheelchair. I promise you that with time you get sort of used to being sick and it won’t feel so bad. Happiness is not dependent on good health. But I hope that you get well super quickly! 💕
You’ve got this you two! Made a donation this morning to the BCRF to support you. (Canadian Breast Cancer Foundation)
sending you guys all the love and positivity for round 3 (?) tomorrow. 🌸 big hugs from berlin
In high school my friend was going through chemo at KGH, this was pre-covid so she always brought a friend with her and I went to treatment a few times with her. The KGH staff were nothing but the best, always so kind and considerate, you’re in good hands❤️
Hi guys, even in such a toughest time you manage to smile, love you guys all prayers go up for guys keep the faith you got this. Lots of hugs go to you guys from Africa Namibia.
♡
Eamon & Bec - i feel a bit like a stalker because I have been watching your videos for about a year and have never commented. I’m not even good about liking your videos mostly because we watch them on TV and I don’t know how to do that there. I’m 70 yrs young and have never experienced the journey you are going through. I’m a very faith-filled person and just wanted to pop in and thank you for your vulnerability and honest sharing. I anticipate we are going to see some gut-wrenching days ahead so I wanted you to know I add my prayers to so many others that you will come through this on the other side of treatment totally healed. It’s so interesting how you can “love” someone as you watch a YouTube video. I’d say if that’s the case you are doing a great job! Sending warm thoughts and praying God’s healing blessing and graces over you. ❤️
Wishing you guys all the best!!! Following your journey of passion and love! ❤️❤️
Hi Bec we're so glad to see you're in good spirits... just keep being strong Bec. And those days you don't feel strength, lean on Emmon and when you both feel weak remember that God will carry you through this, lean on Him. ❤️Like the beautiful poem "Footprints"  You got this! It's awesome that you have someone to help you through this for your mental health. And that you shared that with others. I love the sunshine room! Colors can have such a healing power of the mind body and spirit. Emmon try putting some fresh lavender or organic lavender oil in a cloth inside Bec's pillow. It relaxes you makes for better sleep. And ginger cookies and or ginger tea for nausea.  You're Oso is absolutely precious.. his face is so sweet and caring. Thinking of you and you are both in my daily prayers. ❤️
Bec, I wish you a lot of health and healing, strength and positive vibes. Eamon, I wish you strength and positivity, too. I read a book by Greg Wise and Clare Wise about her journey with cancer and his journey as a caregiver. As the patient, Bec is in the centre of love, but Eamon, you're right next to her at the first ring. Both of you have our love and support. There is obviously no pressure to share any of this, please stop whenever you want to, but there is a benifit to it. Anyone out there going through the same is not alone. Lots and lots and lots of love from us. Take care guys!
Just have to check in and see you are okay, it's great that you are kind enough to update us - so many people pulling for you. Big love. x
Hi. I never posted a single comment on Youtube but I just really wanted to let you know I am sending positive energy and strength to you all the way from germany.
Hi Bec! I really can’t believe you had that big C despite of your healthy living. But i know you can surpass that trial. And always keep your faith in God Almighty. Just entrust everything in His Holy hands and sure He will stretch out His Healing Mercy upon you🙏🏻 Believe that God is our Mighty Healer. Just surrender your all to Him🙌🏻…’praying for you and eamon out here in the Philippines🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
You are in my thoughts! I never comment, but I love your videos. I just felt that I needed to say that you are such an inspiration and I strive to be as positive in life as you and to follow my dreams like you guys do! Stay strong and know that you are in our hearts and prayers and that I know you will be so much stronger after all of this! You will overcome this! Lots of love all the way from South Africa ♥️♥️♥️
Sending prayers to you. I was also diagnosed with stage 3 breast cancer in December. I will have my third treatment on Friday. You will get through this!
From : James H. Mathewson Sr. My dear sisters : If your taking estrogen ; please stop 🛑 It’s one of the major causes of breast cancer in the first place !!! If your husband don’t like it : tell him to take a cold 🥶 🚿 shower ! 👍😃 👉   Read your Bible : it’s the way ✨GOD✨ means for it to be☝️!!!
I so want to reach out and ((hug)) you! I am a cancer survivor myself, and know what you’re going through. It sucks, but you can do this. Peace and ((hugs)) ❤️🎗.
Hi Guys!! Most of what manifests in the body as dis-ease or any other ailment comes from the unconscious... its our bodies trying to communicate with us and the physical is the most in your face.. plus, and I'm sure many will challenge this, it has both a reason for existing and a purpose thus its origins are of a spiritual nature so it wouldn't have mattered if you drank 20,000 green juices for example, it would have happened anyway... another thing, being "positive" will NOT help in situations like yours... its coming from the same place that manifested this dis-ease... the truth is more important than any label... if you feel like shit indulge it for example and give it your attention and allow it to be felt and heard... do the same for all of those most trying moments!!... anyway, hang in there, there is much to learn down this rabbit hole!!
I love the positivity that both of you exude.  Even facing this health crisis, I can see your courage, Bec. Praying for your healing.  Stay strong.  Sending you love from Jakarta, Indonesia.
A little positive for you. My mom was a breast CA surviver for 20 years ( it never came back ) My best best friend is now approaching 16 years ( after treatments it hasn't come back ).....  anxiety and the unknown is  horrible tho,  hang in there. Love you !!
Have you chatted to Aimee from Kinging It yet? She has some awesome wigs. Thinking of you both and stay safe xx
So proud of of you guys... bec your  handling this like a champ..
The million and thousands of us support u bec hope u feel more and more better after your cemos
Bec you are an amazing woman and a fighter. Eamon you are Bec's guardian angel and a strong man.  I know you'll make it through this. I have been watching you guys for alomst 3 years. love and prayers to you.. Just got 1 question. where can I get a hoodie like Eamon has at 11:15 in ths vidio ?  LOL
Such an incredible woman, so thankful that you are sharing this journey❤️ all the good vibes for you  guy
Bec you're more beautiful than ever.
I’ve been thinking about you both and praying! You are so inspirational!
Get Better girl
Bless you sending lots of hugs and healing 💕
If we all could take and absorb your pain and cancer we would, because you guys are wonderful people!  Get well soon.
HI Bec , i loved watching you before you had cancer, but i love you even more now, very interesting to see how this chemotherapy works , and you a re right , lets all just be happy for the little things in life  :) greetings and love - we are here with you :)
Isn't amazing to discover how much energy it takes to heal?  Rest is hard work!  Sending virtual hugs and love!
im sorry youre going through this, just want to thank you for sharing your story. im totally ignorant towards what chemo really entales and ive already learnt so much. sending my best, stay hard 💪
Stay strong Bec xx 😘 sending so much love and virtual hugs
💜💚
You are both so very brave. This has to be the hardest thing you’ve ever gone through. Bec… your positive attitude, looking for the good (icicles), and being brave are inspirational. Eamon… you are so brave and it has to be so hard to watch the love of your life going through this. I so completely admire the strength you have for yourself to be supportive and the strength you are sharing with Bec. I’m so so glad you have Oso the handsome to love you and brighten your spirits. Lee is watching over you and loving you through this 💛.
Sending love and light. You are such a beautiful person and you got this. Your bravery is astonishing and I am in awe of your grace. ❤ Sending a Care Bear burst right at you. Another thing, if you want a movie, show or book suggestion list - of the pure fantasy variety, I got you. 💋
My friend Rhonda 63, single, stage 4, has completed chemo.  I was able to take her and sit with her for her treatments. She did radiations and has had reconstructed surgery. It's has been a very long year. She rang the bell three weeks ago. Her hair is coming back. Praying is what help her thur it. She has a great support system of friends.  Trying to stay positive is key to keeping your sanity. She my hero she a survivor. Sending you positives vibes sugar. You are young and stronger and beautiful
Stay Strong as you can be...you got this Bec, Eamon and 🐕 .♡🙏🏽
You are great keep it up you share what you what if you don't feel like it only do it if you want you are great
I just wanted to send loving thoughts and positive vibes your way!! I know you will beat this..xoxox Tara from Philadelphia
That is all you can do just being there  for her is the best that is great and i love your chanel your  ok
Well done guys…u’ve both got this. Eamon ur a champ! I know it’s real hard watching the person u love go thru this & Bec, I applaud u for being both strong & vulnerable & for sharing this journey with us. I’m praying for u guys 🙏🙏🙏
so very sorry.  I am a stage 2 breast cancer survivor one major tip for you that they did not tell me is calcium replacement which chemo destroyed all of mine and I lost my teeth and bones are now weak and damaged due to chemo destroying my calcium...its been 10 years now for me and one thing I do is lots of vitamins especially flax seed oil, research this at the AMA and many more how it destroys cancer cells.  I pray God heal and guide you each day and NEVER give up..big hug. PS-one of my doctors gave me a script for==marinol which is mary J in a capsule lol.
Allah bless you.
Sending you positive vibes from the UK Bec, your doing great, rest when you need to, find life’s daily positives. Eamon stay strong bro, I know you will 🤙🏻
Sending you sooo much beautiful and healing energy.
Nobody gonna talk about the ring on bec’s left ring finger 🥺💍
So much prayers, healthy energy and love from Asheville,  Northcarolina 💯❤🙏
I was Eamon to 3 of my brothers. Ironically, I live in the GTA as well. I am 26 and the youngest from my brothers. All my brothers passed away within the last 6 years. They were all born with a congenital disease called Fredrik Ataxia.   I began taking care of my brothers from the age of 13 since my dad left us. I took care of them from the best of times to the worst. I’ve seen it all from strokes, to heart attacks in the ER to the time when a persons body begins to shut off. All my brothers thanked me for the help I gave them before they passed. In reality I wanted to thank them for giving me the honour to care for such beautiful souls.   Stay strong Eamon I understand the deep struggle one goes through while seeing a loved one have to deal with such health issues. You are a special person for how you help Bec.   Bec stay strong. I honestly see a lot of my brothers strength in you. My brothers didn’t fear their disease, rather they had come to conquer it. They didn’t let it limit them. They lived life to the fullest even though they were greatly limited. You will be fine and completely heal from this bump in your life.   My last brother Shani, who passed away at 27 4 months ago, was a vegan and used to routinely watch your channel. He was fearless. By the end looking into deaths eyes he didn’t fear it. He was the strongest person I’ve ever known.   Stay well both of you and god be with you
Please please please you don’t have to go through this please please please check out Dr Morse. Chemo is very acidic STOP. Detox this out of your system now. Please please please please please please. I want to get on a plane and come and tell you in person. Please check out Dr Morse and understand your body and how it works.
Gerson diet. Max gerson charlotte gerson.
Oso is an Angel❤️
You're amazing. Aren't dogs just the best when you're not feeling well. They just know to be gentle.
You are such a positive lady. My next door neighbors daughter was diagnosed with stage 4 breast cancer which the doctors determined was incurable and did not want to offer her chemotherapy for as they said would not benefit her as it had spread .She refused this advice and stuck it out to get her chemotherapy. This was 8 years ago and she has been classed as cancer free for last six years ,living her best healthy life and no longer needing a yearly observation cat scan now. Like you she is very positive and determined which she feels was a huge contribution to her recovery. I am also a three year stage 4 appendix cancer survivor who has had two major surgeries and rounds of chemo and doing okay although not out of the woods . Stay strong and positive and best wishes and love to you 😊❤
The fact that they are keeping your support team away from you for this treatment is absolutely disgusting. I think you need to come to the US if you can get better care. I can’t believe they are still doing this to you guys up there! How terrible. I’m so sorry!
I was diagnosed in November. Had chemo #10 today. Hang in there doll. 🙏🏽
Sending you lots of love and peace. Thank you for sharing your journey. xo
Am thinking of you! Wishing you all the very best with your treatment! As we Greeks say περαστικά (feel better soon)!
Praying for you and sending great vibes..💗
All the best to you dear hope the chemo goes quickly for you,and soon you will be back to full health.from Newzealand.
I was pondering on one of your conversations to the medical team. I believe it was about your nutrition and how well you had always eaten. I also questioned that when you were first diagnosed. 70% of cancers are due to diet, so you must be in the 30% category. The positive that I take from this is that, if anyone’s body can fight this it’s YOURS. You have given yourself a head start and with all your support and positivity you will beat this. Remember whats outside your beautiful cabin, it’s all there. ❤️
You’re so strong Bec and Eamon a wonderful support. Was just thinking of something to be grateful for: your incredible, cosy home! Imagine having to deal with all of this and still be van-living….so happy you have this heavenly home to rest and rejuvenate in. And ummm you look SO cute with that bob Bec! Rockin it! Big love and healing vibes your way. You’ve got this 💪♥️
I know a lot of people that have received a C diagnosis after the V 😔
Have you heard of Paul Leendertse he’s in Canada I really recommend just a conversation with him ❤️
Amazing you and y’all are!! Allowing folks to follow along on this journey is informative, helpful and awe-inspiring.
I'm really proud of how bec is taking this she has a great mindset.
Keeping you in my heart and prayers.  Take good care of yourself.  I saw how chemo took a toll on my sister/
Thank you for sharing your journey - that takes a lot of courage and energy, which you have little to spare.  You are touching lives in such a vital way.  Thank you.
You are great and you’ve got this!!
This is something to be grateful for, It was found early and you have a chance to walk away from this and  I for one will be ready for the day you ring the bell, in the meantime let the love of god carry you through, your never alone. I’ve been watching you both for sometime keep sharing because your story will be the one thing that gives someone who wants to give up  the courage to go on.  Press on!!
Sending tons and tons of love, brave lady 💚
I´m sending you  so much love and luck🥺🍀❤️
Sending you both so much love and so so many hugs. You can do this Bec❤️💯 BTW, seaweed seemed to help my grandma when she went through chemo. That is probably in your greens drink, though.
The body has amazing healing capacity,  so with both of your positive outlook in life, and your focus on diet, can only help in your journey to heal. If you can get your hands on a copy of "Eat to beat disease " by Dr. William Li, then please have a read of it-removing sugar and processed foods and eating more whole and fermented foods (especially kimchi).
random ol lady hangin in mexico and thought of you... 11 pm pac time wishing you sweet dreams.
Allow your self to heal.. if you feel bad, tired, sick etc. Allow your self to feel bad. It’s part of the healing. Don’t try to do more that what your body is allowing you. Give your body a break whenever you need it. It’s ok to feel bad its ok to lay low.
I love and am impressed how you're caring for yourself, Bec!! How you make sure that you plan for recovery (physically but especially mentally) in between rounds, how you work not only with therapists but also energy healers. A lot to be inspired from!! And Eamon, you're such a caring partner - wow just WOW for your guys' relationship! All the best healing wishes from Germany!
Wow , i just read through some of the comments,  don't know what to say , but there  is a lot of people  who care !  If there is any one who can do this it's  you  talk soon  much love
I cried my way through probably half of this. We are in our late 60s and my wife was diagnosed with lymphoma last Sept, had radiation which knocked it out.  BUT it can come back any time any place, which could mean chemo.  I so feel for/with Eamon.  We men are fixers and we can't fix this.  I seriously don't think my wife could handle chemo...to watch her little body go through this would be devastating.  The helpless feeling would be so hard.   thank you for documenting this for us.  Your love for each other will be the shining light in all of this.
Sending love.  The greatest challenge for my Mom was losing her hair. But I have no fear you can rock this.  Do you feel Lee's love around you ?
Always remember you are stronger then you think that you are a warrior princess enjoy the little victories one day at a time i was born with a physical disability and was told i would not be able to do alot of things 😂 suckers proved them all so  very wrong you can do this Bec we all got you love you warrior princess
Love and prayers to you both. I think  of you often during the week and pray that you are healing well. Thank you for sharing your personal experiences with us. XOXO
Sending you lots of love 💕
Thinking of you all! And yes positive vibes.
I have read some good things about asparagus...take 2 tablespoons 2 times a day and it attacks the cancer..people who had stage 4 are now cancer free...so you never know...maybe???...lots of prayers!!!!
Eamon, your negativity towards the chemotherapy is incredibly damaging.  There are no equivalent homeopathic treatments that come remotely close to modern chemotherapy.  How do I know?  Because I was given less than a 20% chance of survival when I was diagnosed . . . .15 years ago.  I listened to the doctors.  I took my chemo.  I took my radiation.  Did I escape unscathed?  No.  Were the side effects insurmountable?  No.  Am I alive?  Absolutely!!
Very very first time visiting your channel and I do not know if I will go through this journey but I might as my mother did…. But it helps me to see how having the right mindset and support is so important in starting such a journey. Thank you sincerely for sharing your story. It will be hard sometimes but keep pushing on !
Stay strong Bec.. you are truly an inspiration to many with your beautiful positive attitude with whatever life throws you. And you will come out even stronger after this life chapter. Thank you for sharing this scary journey and my prayers and positive thoughts are with you and Eamon.. what a gem you have there supporting you. And Oso too... he makes such a magnificent addition to your family and I know you said you were fostering but it is okay to “foster-fail” when the right doggy soul comes along.. I am glad you have such an incredible amount of support by your side. Much love sister. 💕
Relax & don't stress about anything, not food, exercise, not anything. Easier said than done but that seems to be the main cause of C. Only u know what is within, so let go. Treatment is never easy, controlled poisoning is needed. Stay safe & strong. I remember a post about diet. Perfectionism causes stress - trying to achieve unrealistic goals makes for stress. Stay cool and relax.
Out of nowhere (I have never closely followed comics) I had an image of Bec, when she went in for her first treatment, being a super-hero woman, boldly fighting the deadly kryptonite hiding in the deep crevices of her body, knowing its an incredible task to destroy it while keeping her body well, she is so brave and wise, she's got this! And then when Eamon hugged her it was the incredible Hulk helping to recharge Bec so she could stay in the fight. You both have this! And Oso!!!!! Sweet Bear Oso! What a perfect addition to your family, he even takes baths in the snow! I love you all and am with you on this journey, feel peace, share love! O
Wrapping you in love and prayers. I am a 17 year survivor. My daughter was diagnosed a year and a half ago and is thriving too. You have this! It’s a marathon not a sprint, so just take one day at a time and know this will be behind you eventually. Having this platform is going to not only give others hope and inspiration, but will save lives. I believe that my diagnosis saved my daughter’s life. Everything happens for a reason, trust that there is a purpose for your journey and what a blessing that you can show others they can triumph over cancer! Hugs from Ohio
Thank you for giving us the honor of hearing your story! You are truly a beautiful soul. Watching this episode made me get an understanding of how my father felt when he went through chemo. He was always very strong and would tell us he was ok but hearing your vulnerability made me understand he probably felt the same as you at times and you both are so strong. Thank you so much again for taking us on your praying. I am praying for you Bec and Eamon ! You got this girl!
I love you guys so much. I hate so much that this is happening but I know Bec is an incredible person and is fighting with every particle. Please please please ignore the comments that are terrible, including some people I follow. You have this Bec, and the fact you're sharing this journey shows so much about you and still thinking about other people that may be going through or affected by the same thing.
You really are an inspiration and your positivity through this journey is outstanding as you share the ups and downs. Been thinking of you every day and know that we’re all praying for you and your recovery as you’re going through this journey❤️
You been in my thoughts and prayers!! We all love and hurts to see go through this. I love your positive attitude.  I really admire your great eating habits. I really love how you find things to be greatful for. I know God is looking down at you saying that my beautiful daughter she looks for the good and things to be greatful for. Amen you're awesome partner. I'm so happy you have each other. God bless you and your beautiful family. ❤ ❤🙏❤🙏❤❤
Im so glad you posted today. Ive thought about you so much and have been praying for you. Hang in there. We are all counting on you to beat this. ❤🙏
Prayed for you! Remember your not alone in this The Lord Is With Us Come To Him And He Will Give You The Strength You Need To Get Through This! "“Come to me, all you who are weary and burdened, and I will give you rest." - ‭‭Matthew‬ ‭11:28‬ "I can do all this through him who gives me strength." - ‭‭Philippians‬ ‭4:13‬
Bab M.M. Celery he really knows what he talking about you don’t know me but I love you both
Ending love all the way up to Canada Bec and Eamon
Thank you for being so real♥️
Get well soon  You are soo brave for doing this by sharing it  Really thank you 🙏🏻
You are one lucky lady, lucky to have access to the treatments a great dog in your life now and the best guy in the world to take care of you! What an amazing unit you two are. Sending all the healing light I can send. Hugs, hugs, hugs!!!
I’ve been thinking of you guys this past month. Wishing you luck on your journey. Just wanted to say how thankful I am that you are open and honest about how you are feeling. Bear was truly sent into to your lives at the best time. Animals can provide so much comfort and peace. Wish you guys the best ❤️
Ohh Beck I am sorry to hear abt your breast cancer,  I know you are a strong woman and YOU can beat this !! Sending you lots of love and healing ❤️‍🩹 prayers.   Sending you Reiki healing.    Stay Strong !!  You CAN beat this.    Get your rest and stay active too - you will be fine.   Eat lots of Spinach too - greens will help - ginger tea 🫖 for ur tummy.   Lots of love to U
Im so proud of you Bec. Stay strong, you will get through this.  ♥
We haven't stopped praying for you guy's.  🙏 sending healing vibes
That was a very awkward transition to selling a "health food" product... Trying to link that- no matter how subtely- to chemo treatment crosses a line. I wish all the best for Bec, but y'all should be more conscience of your timing- especially 2 minutes after you're emotional talking about how you do everything right and eat healthy. Wrong video for a sponsor.
It is so incredible that the two of you have created this channel and these videos. I feel like watching this, I can not only see, but also FEEL these moments that you are capturing.  You two are so talented and these videos are better than any movie or film.  Also, its so wonderful that you guys built the cabin with almost the perfect timing to rest in and enjoy its comfort even more than before.  Sending so much love and praying that you continue to find joy in everyday throughout this experience. It may seem daunting at the moment, but I am sure you will be on the other side smiling twice as big as you are smiling now! <3
You guys are both handling this so well. I think many people can relate to this journey on some sort of level. Keep your chins up!
Prayers and hugs and good vibes from Utah.  I’ve been following you guys for a long time.  Our bodies are amazing!!! My mom went through 8 rounds of chemo with brain cancer and she is cancer free today! Miracles show up for us every day! What a blessing a great attitude.a dog and a hubby who is a rock are! Keep your chin up and know there are people all over the world praying for you.  Feel them accept them and trust.  Much love Stephanie Tanner.
You have been on my mind and in my heart every day since I heard your news. I want to say thank you for sharing your journey, your videos are beautifully created, and I am proud of the both of you and how you are flowing through this challenge.   You both are bright lights in this world and I hope you know it! I'm holding space for the both of you with so much compassion as you move forward step by step xoxo
Sending love and healing energy
You will adjust to the miserable Chemo! You will.
You are such a  beautiful and strong person we all love ❤ you guys more than you ever can imagine stay strong sending love from Donna and Alexander from Toronto Canada 🇨🇦
Sending positive thoughts and warm hugs to you both!!!❤️❤️❤️
I know you won’t read this or even try, but I pray for you and have to tell you that reading the Bible will give you answers. Much love to you my dear.
I can't help but think that Lee is by your side as a guardian angel. Stay strong.
Praying for your recovery
Tough haul, but you can do it ! F my wife could, you can! Pray for you. Attitude is everything!! Believe a therapist: as important as the meds are,attitude is equally as important or more so. Believe !
You are teaching us all so much about how to be resilient. I never comment on anything, EVER, but this really deserves one. I love watching you guys and your adventures and look forward to those to come……. p.s. just when I thought I can’t love you guys more, you foster another doggy 😍😍😍
It takes you just right to the edge and it’s scary at times, hopeful at others. It will really make you thankful on the other side. Eamon looks to have some mighty big arms for that hug.
❤
As someone who’s been through chemo 2x’s take one day at a time.  Rest when you can. You will get through this❤️
I know a lady who healed from BC using cbd oil taken as a suppository. It bypasses the liver and eats the cancer.  Also try B17 which is found in apricot kernels and in smaller quantities apple seeds . Chagga mushrooms are great.    All the best for your healing journey.
Praying 🙏 for you guys
You handled it like a trooper! If my calculations are right your going for the third treatment this Wednesday. Sending lot and lots of love! I am impressed by you both being able to film your story, I’m sure it’s not been was but hopefully it helps to film. You probably won’t ever want to watch these years later, but these videos will help others going through the same situation
You are both such an inspiration. Thinking about both of you💛 continued love and positive vibes coming your way!
Positive thoughts and love coming your way guys! Bec you've got this, stay strong and positive even through the struggles. Eamon  stay strong man and take care of you as well. Prayers guys!
I remember you eating that pickle when you got back to your van. Figured you'd never want another pickle lolol ❤️❤️❤️
It would be a great idea to explore herbal medicine. Chaparral is a good one to be taking along with St. John's Wort best in tea, infuse for 10 to 15 mins and 3 times a day. I'm an herbalist. Also, Cancer loves sugar, you need to omit it from your diet along with grains.
Why the IVS at the same time as Chemo??
Sooooo resilient , sending positive vibes your way. 💗
My best friend and travel buddy was recently diagnosed with breast cancer on February 11th. I can not explain how much your videos have have helped me gain so much insight into the good, the bad, and the ugly of this journey.
I held back tears all through this. Watching you in the floor broke me. I love your spirit, Bec. And Eamon, I love how you've been there the whole time,asking food and coffee. When you stood outside the door, I cried. I can't imagine how hard that was to watch Bec go in. I love you both. Praying for sweet dreams and fun memories that you will both eventually tell your babies about. Hugs and kisses.
In the fight with ya! Just finished my 5th weekly chemo session...we got this💗
It’s crazy, I say this all the time, no matter how healthy your life style is, you excercise, watch what you eat, there are things that are beyond your control and it sucks, good people get shit on all the time and there’s nothing much anyone can do about it.
Love You!  Big Hugs!  You have this!  Without cloudy days we wouldn't appreciate the bright ones!  You can weather this storm.  You have the love of all around you.  Borrow their strength when you need to.  There are beautiful bright days ahead.  Hang in there.
My mom and sister-in-law had breast cancer and my sister has non Hodgkin lymphoma.  You have to keep a positive attitude and you will do great.  I think of you often.  Cancer does not discriminate.  I wish I could be there to help you as I am a retired LPN.  Best wishes from the Northwest Territories🇨🇦❤️. You will be travelling again soon
Sending strong vibes of healing your way, Bec.  Prayers for you and Eamon during this difficult journey.   May you travel this path to complete good health.
Bec! If you can get your hands on “miracle fruit” It’s good for chemo and can help with side effects
My thoughts and prayers are with you and Eamon as you fight through this. I watched my husband go through stage 4 kidney cancer so I know this is going to take all your strength. Stay strong and stay positive. Your Sunday friend 🌻
You two can make something as horrific as a cancer journey seem beautiful. Thank you for sharing, being honest and looking for the beautiful and positive in every day and in each other! Much love and hugs!
Sending you healing thoughts and much love 🙏.  🧚‍♂️.   ❤️ and hugs to you both    🤗
You should research the affects of laetrile found in many seeds, most potent in apricot kernels. It has healed many ppl of cancer. I eat them often. The cyanide within them destroy cancer cells. Also the leaves of the soursop fruit help as well.  The Healthcare system would rather you not know there are cures for cancer.
Not sure why this video popped up in my feed, but so happy it did.  This brought back so many memories for me, I was diagnosed with breast cancer 4 years ago, treated with mastectomy plus chemo.  You have the right attitude… live life day to day with that attitude of gratitude.  It really does make a difference!! I believe in the power or prayers, so I will be praying that God will give you peace, strength and continued healing every day as you go through this part of your journey.  Just subbed to your channel! Blessings!
What a wonderful video and so brave to open up your life to the rest of us during a very personally challenging time. I just want to remind you, that if you don't feel up to keeping the video up at some point, please don't feel that you 'owe' any of us viewers anything.  We are all cheering for both of you and you both go through this.
The hair is adorable! "Grateful for icicles"... LOVE IT!   You two are so precious.   I had to delay watching this for a time when I could be fully present, (and not in denial).   I know that you two don't have the option of delaying actually living it.  Thank goodness for every other week treatment! From what I'm seeing, (and feeling), you're going to hit this one out of the park.   I know this is weird, but whenever I pray for people with cancer I always say... "throw that cancer to the wall"... and then envision it actually being thrown at a wall.   Will continue to pray for you guys.
You are a fighter bec my mom fought it 3 times plus Cervix and MS she’s doing great you will get on with life after all these treatments
In case the link didn't post because my comment below was too long (ha), here it is again:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FTc1g8RKFB4&ab_channel=DottieWest-Topic Teresa
The organic gang sign is a move I need to get on
Lots of love ☀️
Ginger Ale helps your tummy with chemo. You are in my prayers.
Sending all the healing positive vibes. ❤️
Hey Bec!  I really LOVE that you are calling chemo "liquid sunshine" and thinking in such a wonderful positive way.  I honestly believe that "mind over body" works and thinking positively is a great attribute to embody!  As I am a Nashville native, your "liquid sunshine" reminded me of an old Dottie West song.  I'm leaving a link to this song but first I want to copy the lyric here.  If you replace "raised on country sunshine" with "healed by liquid sunshine," it works perfectly!  You are at the beginning of your healing process but there's nothing wrong with already claiming "healed" and I hope the lyrics and this tune brings something positive to you, my stranger friend!  Here's the lyrics:   You say you love me and its inviting, to go where life is more exciting But I was raised on country sunshine I was raised on country sunshine, green grass beneath my feet Running through the fields of daisies, wading through the creek You love me and its inviting, to go where life is more exciting But I was raised on country sunshine I was raised on country sunshine, I'm happy with the simple things A Saturday night dance, a picture show and the joy that a bluebird brings I love you please believe me, I won't want you to ever leave me But I was raised on country sunshine There's just something bout the morning that make each day a joy to see The nighttime brings a peaceful feeling that rests inside of me I love you please believe me, I won't want you to ever leave me But I was raised on country sunshine You love me and its inviting, to go where life is more exciting But I was raised on country sunshine Mmm, mmm I was raised on country sunshine Oh, oh I was raised on country sunshine Mmm, mmm I was raised on country sunshine And here's the link to the youtube of Dottie West (bless her soul) singing this tune:
Oh, man! I haven’t been keeping up with you two since you transitioned away from vanlife. As a cancer survivor I want to encourage you to stay positive. I kept trying to find the humor in things (although that made some people mad). I didn’t have chemo, but I had to eat a radioactive pill and that messed up my brain. But I’ve been cancer free for several years now. I’m rootin’ for you.
Oh I love you both so much ❤️❤️❤️ you are powerful!!!
God bless both of you. Praying for the best surgical staff, doctors, nurses, chemo and positive attitudes providing a strong recovery. We thank the Lord for giving calm and clarity that could be wanted at this time.   INJC I pray for Bec's healing and Eamon's kindness & love through a difficult time. Thank you for being you & what you do for so many 🕊🙏✝️
What you two have is so special. I feel the love between you two. It just pours “oso” naturally. And oso is just the best therapy right now. Hang in there Bec and Eamon. You’ll get through this! Been watching your journey since y’all only had 10k subs, thank you for sharing and inspiring!
My mother  had stage 4 breast  cancer  in 2014
Bec! Not sure if you’re doctors recommended it, but we tracked all my dads symptoms from the very start of his cancer journey. This helped my mum and I when we had to talk to doctors on behalf of him. Like I mean we tracked wverythinggggg, pee colour to random new symptoms. Also for someone who has been through something similar, pee shots are so not weird because this is what a cancer journey includes. We also felt the information overload when new meds were prescribed. We just did pen and paper, but I’m sure you could find something that works for you. We did biweekly liqued sunshine as well and the second week he was normally back to somewhat “normal”.  Sending big love to Eamon as well as I get what he’s going through too.
we had a blk lab named oso
i hope you get better ♋️
I wanted to add you should ask your doctor about getting a port put in. it's a simple procedure and is way better than having an IV every time. It the injection Zarzio? I had that with my first round of chemo. For me it really didn't help. This second round no needles at home.
You are so lucky to have the super support of each other and family.  I know everyone does not always get that balance. The strength deep inside keeps us moving  forward in life. XXOO to you all.
Keep going guys. You are both so amazing trying your best to stay so positive even though I can't imagine what your going through. I know a lady who had breast cancer in her 30's. She went through the same fertility and chemotherapy as you Bec and now she's a mom of 2 healthy girls, and thriving in her 50s. You guys are in my thoughts and my heart! You can get through this!
I’m wondering if weed would help the side effects????
My mum had cervical cancer it was the hardest thing we have all been thought she had 30 treatments of radiation and 15 treatments of chemo as well  as borachy  radiation. I cried when my mum fell asleep during her chemo it was my time to fall apart she was so strong... it was so hard on my dad he was just there when she was sad when she was mad when she was at her most illest... be strong Bec kick cancers ass.. Eamon your a beautiful partner being there for Bec is important she needs you more then ever but take of your self to watching someone go through this is one of the hardest things ever.. my mum kicked cancers ass I know you can to ❤️ bless to all those who have and are going through cancer
Omg I’m in love with your dog. It is so clear how much he absolutely adores you and how happy he is. Would love to know more of his story and whether you are just going to foster or if he has found his forever family. Much love to you.
i think of you both often and love that you are so strong together.  all for one and one for all .
Oh be still my praying heart!! Within all your own journey that both of you are walking through individually and together you tell the story so captivating!! Beauty from ashes as they say.... I have not stopped thinking about you two since the last video. Your hair looks great Bec!! I think you're stunningly beautiful so hair or no hair will not change that. Your beauty isn't just skin deep it pours out of you through your heart and soul! Eamon, your the world's best copilot in all of this. I can not put into words what I want to say other than man your strong and mighty but gentle and calm all wrapped into one human. Prayers, healing, love and joy to both of you!!!!!!
When my friend went through this she cut her beautiful long hair saved had it made into a a wonderful wig that saw her through the regrow.    You are strong and will make it out on the sunny side.
You got this !!!! Was so happy to see your post today when I was stuck in bed from a chemo shot. Thanks
I’ve been where you are so tips from my past:  The no.1 medicine is a positive attitude.  It’s hard to trust in God and be fearful at the same time.  Which will you chose.  Your treatment choice is between you and your docs but for me I chose the most extensive treatment possible  and then            i chose to  forgot about because I knew I had done all I could - no regrets.   Be strong and courageous.  Joshua 1:1
Positive thoughts and prayers sent your way! 🙏🏼❤️🙏🏼
🧡🧡🧡 yesterday I cut my hair to donate it. I wish I could send it to you! Wishing you the best vibes, you will get through this!! 💪🌻
We love you and we’re all praying for you! ❤️
Sharing your personal experience is probably going to help a lot of people. I’ve never heard or seen exactly what this experience is like.
Thinking of you both. You are doing amazing and your hair is super cute short. Sending good vibes your way.
As someone who hasn’t had anyone close to me go through this, thank you for giving perspective into just how hard it can be. We all know and hear that cancer sucks, but I appreciate the openness. It means I can be a better stranger, better friend, better family member having a little more understanding. I know I will be tearing up with every new video, but it’s an important story you are sharing.
Here's to sending love and support your way.. you're gonna come through with flying colors
♥️♥️♥️♥️Sending you my love & well wishes♥️♥️♥️♥️
Peace, blessings & happy healing! I had Hodgkin’s Lymphoma twice and had to go thru chemo and radiation. Check out Chris Beat Cancer, he has a great program that really helped me the second time I got cancer. Oh and coffee enemas too, very helpful! You got this! 💪🏽 thanks for sharing your journey with us 💜
Thank you Eamon n Bec for trusting us enough to share this with us. Big Hugs to both of you. Your hearts are Gold, God sees that but God is in control . ❤️
17 years as a chemo Nurse: Eat everything, High protein food well cooked. Marijuana can help with nausea and eating. Eat anything you want you need calories to fight cancer. Don't go to support meetings to many negative vibes. See about zometa to protect your bones. Vitamin C infusions may help. You may have to get them from an infusion center/ Myers cocktail also. IF your HER 2, Keytruda and Herceptin later treatment. Definitely do immediate reconstruction. Stay away from negative people!!. Your guys job is to step in when anyone wants to tell you their  stories/ almost always something negative. If they will not stop the best is to ask them to help out by cleaning up the dog poop. The best help is helping clean your place while your getting treatment, cooking home made dinners, simple things. A simple thing have a small piece of dark chocolate 30-45 minutes before treatment, it taste good, and it helps the tumors uptake of the chemo, cancer loves sugar so the tumor cells will take the chemo upload at a higher rate. DO what the doctor says!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! All my Best Robert G.
Oh Bec, I spent a year going through treatment and you're right, the loss of control is the worst.  The body you have trusted for your entire life, suddenly turns on you and tries to kill you.  It's horrible and I'm sorry to say it will get worse.  But I'm a year past treatment and it is so amazing on the other side.  You've got this!!! 💕
I feel like I wanna say so much but there isn’t enough words or even the proper ones. So I will say that you both are amazing! You both got this! Even on the bad days the resilience between the two of you will literally kick the ass of anything that comes your way! I’ve been watching for years and am thinking of you both each and everyday and sending so much love and light your way!
13 years ago, I went through the chemo, radiation, reconstruction and my thoughts are with you. Day 17 after chemo 1 was when my head was tingly and my hair could be pulled out. I referred to cancer as the gift that keeps on giving. I have needed to put a positive spin on all of this. Be safe and strong.
Know that is a test of true marriage you guys are amazing 💕💕💕💕
🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
You both are so strong for each other. Sending much love to you both.
big thumbs down an unsubscibe i cant support this demonic shit.. ag1 probably gave it to you ffs. or its a common breast boil stage zero cancer means no cancer hellooooo anyone home or just the lights left on!
to be honest this shit is demonic satanic ritual and you are clearly being mind controlled by those nose jabs and blue masks and im guessing you have also jabbed that poison into your body. wake up you guys,, this isnt worth it cause you dont understand what you are even doing..
I can’t watch you anymore m love you loads, had 18 months of therapy old and wanted to give up ,, all my love to you
for cripes sake i told you why you have so called cancer and what to do about it. you havent listened so not much else i can do. sorry you have chosen to suffer through something that may very well kill you while the docters get rich off of your tx's.
♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️🥰🌼🌼😘
Hey Guys, Not to overload you with info as I am sure you have gotten a ton of 'personal advice' but here goes. You may want to check out 'Fantastic Fungi' on Netflix. A documentary about mushrooms, benefits, etc. Great info about Turkey tail Mushrooms and their health benefit, especially with  Chemotherapy.Both strengthening and supportive of the tx. All the best
Beck, I been praying for you to have the strength to deal with everything and for the Cancer to leave your body soon. I cut my hair so I will like to donate it to you in case you need it.  Eamen, I have pray for you yo stay strong because you need to be strong for yourself and for her to motivate her on those days she can’t handle chemotherapy or getting up of bed, Love you guys from Chicago, IL.
I’m watching this video now and I can feel some of the emotions I felt in fall 2017 before I started chemo as a stage 4 breast cancer patient. I remain blessed with the same teams of nurses and doctors who helped me through 6 months of treatment and who I still see now on a monthly basis. I remain standing with you in this battle and journey. May you continue to breathe in courage and breathe out the unknown. I’m sending heaps of positivity, love and hope your way! Thank you for continuing to share glimpses into your lives and experiences.
You got this,  Can’t wait for the treatment to be over for you and this chapter be closed. We love you guys!
You have to look up CryoCapping! Save that beautiful hair. Looking at yourself with hair everyday really helps the outcome! Lots of love and healing 🙏🏼
Bec I’m so proud of you but I really wanted to say thank you to Eamon. You have inspired me to be a better man and show the important people in your life the love they need. Thank you so much, I can’t say this loud enough but you are the best gentleman in this whole world :)
The Cancer Code: A Revolutionary New Understanding of a Medical Mystery Book by Jason Fung
My first in depth scans are this Thursday for breast cancer.  My initial one didn’t come back so awesome.  I’ve already had cancer (thyroid cancer and skin cancer).  So this is familiar territory for me but also more alarming and chemo is not used for the type of cancers I had-just surgery and radioactive iodine for the thyroid.  I’m terrified.  But ironically also at peace.  I am thankful for you and that you documented this journey, you’re steps ahead of me and it helps to  know what is next for me on this path by watching you.  I wish you all the best ❤️❤️
Lots of love and positive vibes sent your way! Seriously! Weed!
The drone shot of you walking on the lake was pure art. So much love, so much healing energy. Sending you my best wishes 👋🏼🇨🇦
If you aren't using cannabis full of all the THC, CBD, and Terp profiles! You need to start right now! Right now! Right this second!
Sending y’all positive vibes! You are deserving. You are strong. Your body will do amazing things for you!
I love these beautiful people.
You’re precious, x2! God made you and God heals you! Love, blessings and prayers!! 🙏🏼❤️🌹
Stay strong you can beat this, We are all pulling for you! 🥰🙏🏼🤗
You have to look up CryoCapping! Save that beautiful hair. Looking at yourself with hair everyday really helps the outcome! Lots of love and healing 🙏🏼
My prayers are with you, God bless you
You can do it!!!!! And you’ll beat it!!!!!!!!!! Sending so so so much love from nyc.
I pray for Jesus to touch you for His glory. And please check out the gerson therapy and chris beats cancer by chris wark.  GOD bless you.
I have nothing but good Karma for you two. I know all will go well with just a little time.
don't know you but good luck
Positive thoughts to both of you! ✌💛
Damn, you are stronger than me Bec. Same to Eamon
Look into a 40 day water fast to destroy cancer.
You got this Bec.  You are a strong person.
I'm so sorry to hear about your diagnosis <3 <3 <3 I used to watch your guys' videos all the time when I was planning a van conversion but today I saw your channel name on the trending page; sending lots of love and hope
🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌
love you both so happy that you are being so positive in this.  Know that we all are keeping you both in our Prayers.  So happy that you posted, I was worried when your post was slow coming. Maybe it came when it was suppose to, but I was worried anyway.
I have been watching your channel for as long as I can remember and I see that you are a strong and joyful woman, even though the next few months will be harder than usual, I have no doubts that you will get through it. I wish you two good luck with this process and I will be praying for you❤️
You've been discovered by the pornista.  You don't deserve this. I brought the guy up to Kara & Nate.  I think they had a way to wipe out all his posts.  That's just been a couple of days.  If you try the same thing and he comes back to K & N and to you, I recommend that you invite someone close to assist with your channel, only for this purpose.  Love
You guys keep your head up. My thoughts are with you.
i start chemo in one week im scared
It is a long journey but you can do it. Love Oso as well
Your little bob is cute!!
Thank you for sharing your experience and journey. I admire your honesty and vulnerability. Love to you both. And I'm so glad you've found an angel in Bear. Dogs are the best.
You have Been in My Prayers.  You are Stronger than you know. And twice Blessed.  Know there are a Multitude of Folks sending you Healing and Love . ❤
My mom was diagnosed with stage 4 triple negative breast cancer last summer. I’ve been to all her appointments, chemo treatment, surgeries etc. As a 28 year old woman, I have such a bigger fear of breast cancer now. What I’ve learned through all this is that the fear of the unknown is worse than the fear of truth. That fear can eat you up, so we have had to learn that the answer is to keep moving. We grieve when we get bad news then we keep moving. We praise God when we get good news, then we keep moving. I’m praying for your recovery and for the journey ahead.
I have a relative that  knew someone who used essiac tea and no chemo and credits it to saving her life. She was late stage.
I've been learning a lot about parasites and there is a connection between cancer and parasites. Parasites can even be passed from mother to child.
God bless you, beautiful child!  Sending prayers are good vibes for you, and to you.
Praying for you both
Your so brave, I wish I could love ❤ your videos...
Positive vibes your way!!!
My love and prayers are with you both. Bec, you are an amazing person and an inspiration; you keep us all going!
I don't know you all but I have seen prayer to the most high god Jehovah rafa heal! I don't have power myself but I want to pray for your healing for the Glory of Jesus Christ Of Nazareth. Im subscribed to a channel called yashuas healing ministry and there is a prayer titled pulling down the strong holds of cancer. All Glory king Jesus Christ of Nazareth.
You think you were cheated.... It has nothing to do with it . It is Bad Luck
Stay strong. It's difficult to think why me, I do everything right. Cancer is a beast who doesn't care. Fortunately you have Eamon and family and friends to support you through this process. So many people struggle alone. I agree with Eamon if you're going to tell your story tell it; as honestly as you do. You have no idea how you can help people with their journey by following yours. Praying for you with love and respect. Be blessed 💕
Each day is one day closer to being 100% healthy again.  Hang in there.
My heart goes out to you and eamon I wanted to share something, my mom and cousin went through this and found that sqeezein lemon juice from a good ripe lemon into water helped alot with nausea now I know everyone is different but my mom only got sick once after she started chemo and that was before she started drinking the lemon water I've been keeping you guys in my prayers for strength and guidance during this extremely difficult time but your gonna be fine you have the best guardian angel there could be...and that sweet beautiful furbaby will definitely be your saving grace outside of eamon of course...you are amazing and don't forget that💞
I love you guys. Stay positive so your body can accept the treatment. I know it’s easier said than done, but practice gratitude, pray and love a lot. The Gerson therapy is a great complimentary therapy while you go through your chemo treatment. Lots of juicing with organic fruits. Don’t focus on why this is happening to you, but focus on how you are helping thousands who are watching you and Eamon go through this journey. Believe it or not, your experience is helping others who are going through this journey who may not have the same support system that you guys have. Be grateful that you have this platform to motivate, inspire and support those who may not be as fortunate as you guys are. Find your why in life, now that you have been thrown this curve ball, and be grateful for the endless possibilities that this will open for you both. Again, sending you all my love and praying for both of you.
Wishing you well… just remember you do you boo. We love you and will always be here. ♥️
I have been watching you guys for a few years now and have enjoyed your videos, but it is hard watching you go through this. My niece went through this 2 years ago and she is doing great. Your attitude is amazing, and I know you will come through this just fine. I am still praying for your speedy recovery and ease through this. Keep your spirits up and look down the road.
Research 72 hour fast… Dr Mercola is great place to start. Avoid sugar, tumours feed off of sugars and will grow. Don’t do chemo! Radiation causes cancer, not cures it. Good luck
So proud of you and Eamon. I know this must be so hard to share, but I am thankful you are. Knowing you are doing ok and taking this one day at a time.
Love you so much guys! You are both amazing! Love oxxo too!! ♥️♥️
Seeing you cry makes me want to cry. Always thinking of you. You got this! Keep that positive attitude. We're rooting for you!
So proud of you Bec...you got this. You are a true inspiration, and I have so much respect for you. You are going through one of the most difficult times in your life, and the fact that you are sharing your journey is helpful to so many women in so many ways...you have no idea. You are in my prayers, sending you a big virtual hug and positive energy xox
Sending you both so much love!
Bec you are so amazing.  I wish you strength and healing.  You have great support!  Did you and Eamon adopt Oso the dog?  He is so cute.
I pray for complete healing over your body. My family and I will continue to pray for you... I know it's hard but you're strong and you're gonna get through this.😊💝❤❤
Hang in there sweetheart - I was diagnosed with STAGE 4 COLON CANCER, LIVER AND LYMPH NODES and at the end of this month I will be 5 years in remission :  )  KEEP POSITIVE AND STAY BUSY - DON'T FOCUS ON THE ILLNESS, FOCUS ON WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING WHEN YOU ARE IN REMISSION. God Bless you and I am praying for you - YOU WILL SURVIVE  :  )
Sending you healing vibes all the way from Australia  Bec as you begin your treatment xx
I've been following your channel for a very long time. Just wanted to say you've been in my meditations and you're amazing. You'll get through this an also inspire others. XOXO
Praying for you love! That along side all the wonderful hospital staff and treatments, you will have a little supernatural assistance and healing!
I can't help but feel that you spent the last few years building your beautiful home in the woods because the universe knew you'd need a safe place to land while dealing with this super challenging time. ❤️ Sending love to you both, and Oso, from Washington, DC!
I thought of you today - if I had yesterday I wouldn’t have seen this post. Healing vibes.
Still keeping you in my prayers. Stay strong
I love ur new haircut . Stay strong ❤️
❤️❤️❤️❤️
Beck, you are so strong, positive and such an inspiration! You got this!
Hey Bec! It's awesome to see your positive attitude through all of this! I just saw the part where you were talking about making a wig. I just cut off 22 inches of hair (never bleached or dyed, and same shade as yours), please let me know if you would like it! I want to donate it, and I can't think of anyone who I would rather give it to than you!
Bec & Eamon I pray for you every night and am sending you tons of healing thoughts every day! ❤️🙏🏼❤️
I cried when I watched this.  I took treatment for hepatitis c a few years ago before all the new drugs.  I was in treatment for 7 long months.  I was a single mom, but my daughter had gone off to college, so I started treatment.  It’s was hard.  The drugs are hard.  The loneliness was hard.  I didn’t want to burden anyone so I powered thru.  I’m so proud of how you are approaching your treatment.  Being kind to yourself, listening to your body, allowing your support group to be there for you.  You have all of us.  My husband lost his first wife to cancer.  He and I both battled it at the same time in 2019.  We have watched you and Eamon from the beginning.   We have adopted you in our hearts. I guess I just wanted to send you love and support. Love, hugs and prayers from a southern gentleman and his sassy yankee wife!
You got this Bec!! You’ve got an awesome man to back you and you are an incredible strong woman, I went through this same BS, it’s hard, but you can do it!! My family is praying for you!!! Eamon, never stop supporting Bec, she needs you now more than ever!!! Love you guys!!
Today was my first day of chemo. I had been working like a demon, a whole bunch of crazy hours and not eating right. I became anemic and did not know it; was fatigued all the time. Long story short went to the E.R. had blood work done, and thats how my HCL was discovered. You live out in the country, definitely a good thing! Stay strong and positive young lady you'll beat this!!!! 👍
Think of you both daily. I hope for nothing but the best outcome!!! Hang tuff!!!
❤️❤️❤️
Hug your new pup and lean into the comfort because this is going to make you stronger this is going to make you more resilient you’re doing everything right Bec, love you hang in there. I have a lab husky mix who was my comfort during my radiation therapy.
You got this. Stay strong 💪🏼
My thoughts and prayers are with you Bec & Eamon too.  You're young, healthy & strong,  your body wiill respond well to this.  You've got this beautiful!  And having positive thoughts like you have is key!  Love you both! ❤️
Eamon and Bec, you are both AMAZING!!! I'm sending lots of hugs, love, and strength your way! You two are doing an incredible job of documenting, and sharing your story. Oso 🐻 is adorable! ❤️ ❤️ ❤️
♥♥ + Bear ♥
I think your positive attitude is amazing. I also think it’s amazing how honest you are with this whole thing. You are awesome at finding the small positives. Thank you for sharing your story.
So raw and personal and real.  Both of  you. At such an emotional time.  We all take our health for granted.  Some more than others.  But thank you for allowing such an up close and personal peek into your journey. God bless you both!
I’ve been watching your videos for awhile and I’ve never commented on any of them. I just want you to know this was one of my favorite videos. The drone pics, the music, the emotion - ON POINT. I think of you guys often and keep you in my prayers. Bec, you are one strong lady. Your smile is infectious. You got this. XXX
Prayers. Love. Perfect timing that you have that beautiful souled pooch holding loving space for you....
Praying for your complete healing
Eamon & Bec, we have enjoyed your show's on our TV for 2 1/2 years, we value your humor capability and honesty also you keep "unsavory" comments /words to a minimum and value that greatly.     We can't make comments on our TV but always give you 👍as we know it benefits you. I have had vary aggressive prostate cancer "prostatectomy" but at almost 80 have decided not to accept further treatment. You are blessing others by sharing your journey and I congratulate you both for sharing. You are both very special. We added you to our prayer list.  I hope you will watch this teaching from a man who has gone through cancer also. David Jeremiah "Are you Struggling"      Love in Christ.  John & Jean Baldwin.
Lee is with you every step of the way. We love you so much Bec!!!!!
Praying for you both! You got this girl!!! ❤️
Do you know that God loves and cares about you? Turn to Him for comfort and healing. He is the best friend you could ever have. If it is His will to heal you,  He will. He is a better doctor than chemo.  In Psalms 103, He says that He is the Lord that health all your diseases.  Is He your Lord?
I hope you know, you got this! It’ll be a hard road but you can do it! I always think of you, you guys are one of my favorite you tubers. Good luck!
I wish the best for you and your family. I watched my mom go through battling cancer for 5 years it was exhausting thank God everyday she came through on the other side. Also my dad had cancer sadly he passed  crazy crazy. You are so tough.
Over the years, one thing that I have noticed is that cancer seems to  follows loss. Not sure if this makes any sense to you in your situation.  Just an observation that I have noticed in my own life with loved ones.   Sending well wishes and love to you and yours. You are very brave.
Let's make this viral everyone.
Bex, please  look up Dr. Robert morse angels watch his video on cancer x
Sending you both universal positive energy. May the good you have given us all come back to you millions and millions of times. Stay strong you can do this ❤
The little victories mean everything in times like these! 💜 I just want to come and live with you and pamper you the next 5 months!!
Bec I went through almost the exact cancer diagnosis 2.5 years ago just a short distance from Kingston. It is up to each Oncologist and Surgeon as to their treatment plan but I was surprised to hear your surgery wasn't first like mine. My tumor was discovered 1mm from from chest wall during a mammogram so perhaps because it was in a dangerous location as the cells could escape through my chest wall.  I will say that I was given multiple (2 different) anti-nausea meds and they always questioned if I had any nausea. I was told from the get-go that it's important I don't suffer from nausea or obviously throw up. I never got sick. Please ask your doctors about getting another med and make sure you're taking the meds. You shouldn't feel anything different. I was on the red devil as well and was on it for 12 weeks with radiation at the end. Radiation just buy a ivory bar soap and a really really good lotion, I was recommended to use Eucerin. It worked great. My home nurse made me wash my radiation area well with Ivory Bar soap to keep it very clean. That helped a lot because I was getting a skin infection until I started washing the area.   I am now going every 8 weeks to get my radiation tattoos removed! 😁   PS I chose a lumpectomy. Unfortunately after my surgery the tumor was sent for the OncotypeDX test and I wasn't given the best outcome as well my Gene testing proved to show I have the BRCA gene. I am fine and I've done everything possible to stay health. 👍🏻
Makes me sad but I'm still sending happy thoughts that this sunshine works and you kick this cancer in the butt!! Eamon your the best keep up the great support!!
Best of luck to you both.   🙏🏻🙏🏻❤️
I have stage 4 metastatic Breast Cancer  (diagnosed Jan 12 2022) also in the same area you live.  I am doing chemo in Belleville and radiation will be in Kingston.  So much of what you say in your videos rings so true to me.  Starting my third dose tomorrow    Stay strong. 💕
Sending prayers stay strong lean on God love you guys 🙏🏽😘😘🙏🏽
No words ….. sending all positive energy.
Praying for you continually. Love ❤️, hugs and positive energy for you both.
Also.... Not to sound like a broken record but try some marijuana whether it's an edible, distillate or flower. I promise it will help with you nausea!!
Stay positive! Stay moving!  Eamon is the best support system in himself! I know you have plenty of friends and family who love and absolutely adore and support you but EAMON IS THE MAN! and you are a queen! I couldn't imagine how I'd feel or the emotions that would burst through at any moment! You're a trooper!! Praying for you guys 💙💜
Love y’all. Proud of you both. You got this, kids!! 🧡🧡
I love you and I'm so glad you have a good support system❤ I cant believe this is happening but may you continue to be strong and positive! Never lose hope as that's so important. May God be with you❤❤❤
Greetings Bec!! Your,Positively, Strenth and Courage Is So N-Spiring!! Eamon Is An Awesome Helper and Mate for U Bec!Sending Love and Prayers for U!! And Family!! Big Hugs to U Bec!! 🕊🙏🌻👑💕💖
Bec, always in my prayers and thinking of both of you always. Keep being you and know that your positivity will keep you pushing through this all; ups and downs. 💖💛💚💙💜
We have followed your adventures for the past two years.  You entertained us through lockdown after lockdown, got us moving with your E&B plus channel, had us enjoying a delicious cupa - chai style ( we highly recommend your tea).  In a bizarre way you are like friends to us, please know thoughts are with you during this time.  We know if any couple can do this, it is the two of you.  Much love and all good vibes your way… C&D
Thanking about you guys! 🥰 Drove past Chiawala yesterday, I plan on stocking up on some more tea soon:)
Hi. I am a long time follower and watcher, but I never leave comments. I took care of my best Freind will cancer for almost 2 years. Watching your videos is helping me heal and process residual emotions from the whole experience. Thank you for being open to sharing parts of your story. And pls know if it ever gets to be too much to share with us we understand! Your in my thoughts! Thank you again for this.
Baby you will be better than ever.  I have to live sick n exhausted every day with no cure because it’s rare so they don’t research it.  The one is Addison’s disease.  But also Dercum’s , etc etc etc. Hold your head up sweetie!  You’re not alone.  It could be worse.  My husband of 30 yrs left me because I got so sick.  I’m just trying to give you things to encourage you!  It encourages me to think of how things could be so much worse !  Jesus is our answer 🙏🏼💕❤️🌹😀 You are strong and loved!!!
Sending all our love to you bec and eamon all the way from England xx
ugh, i love you guys so much. so supportive, so loving, so caring. it makes my heart warm to see it first hand. you guys were made for each other and it shows completely. i’m so proud of you bec, you deserve nothing but greatness and postive vibrations. you got this mamas, just keep your head high & remember, everything is temporary. it gets better, i promise. much love from jersey🤞🏼❤️.
Bec, You are so brave and rocking it. Women have a hard time taking care of ourselves. Make sure you do. Little doggy tip, should tie the pup to a seatbelt so he does not fly into you if you are ever in an accident.
Sending love, positivity and strength
Sending positive thoughts your way Bec. Keep up all your amazing work.  It is amazing you have a fantastic partner ( your awesome too eamon) to be right by your side!! Love your videos . Will keep sending love and positive thoughts your way to you both !! I also live in ontario Canada
Sending so much healing love!!! 💚💚💚
You two are such an inspiration! Bec your doing absolutely fantastic, you've got this 💪 Eamon your also doing an absolutely fantastic job of looking after Bec... ❤️❤️ Stay strong, your both doing brilliant, we're all behind you 100% ❤️❤️
Eamon & Bec have u ever thought the vaccine shot/s Bec has taken infected her with cancer cells?
Praying for y’all. Stay strong and god will see y’all thru.
I cured my mother of stage 4 breast cancer naturally w mushrooms, antioxidants, thc and cbd. As a surgeon who has watched countless die, the worst thing one can do is to kill your immune system with chemo....its all about the money...none of my oncology colleagues would ever prescribe chemo for their loved ones. Read chris warks Chris cures cancer for starters
Bec, you are a bad ass. You've got this, you're strong. Remember that on your bad days that you have survived 100 percent of your bad days so far. Much love.
i am positive i sent you a message already but i don't see it here.............. but here it goes from what I remember, beck you are pure energy, and light. you will get through this and come out the other side a new person with an even stronger light, you have too much still inside of you to give, god wont let you down. aml
Thinking of you daily, positive thoughts and prayers are being sent your way ❤️
Thank you for reminding me to try and find a moment of joy in every day no matter how hard. Sometimes it is difficult to remember I am more than my disease. I am still me.
Thinking of you guys ❤️
Sending lots of love! You both are amazing! Keep supporting each other and you’ll be on the other side of this in no time!❤️❤️❤️
Sending positive healing ❤🙏
Your hair looks adorable! Love you guys! 🙇‍♀️❤
YOU CAN and WILL GET THROUGH this. I love you. Listen to your body you are one chemotherapy down so you know what to expect the next time. I love you so much. Hang in there sweetheart. I’m praying everyday for you.
I wonder if this cancer just spotted out AFTER vaccination... If I remember well both are, not exactly when (for sure months before btw), but this should be important to be pointed out. They said it in their previous videos, for mobility reasons. They'll say won't be correlated, but it is for sure, 'cause the coincidence is strange. Also 'cause until now they have a really healthy life and can't see issues that can alter this balance, except for the vax, the single change that likely could create that condition. What really there is in that? Please don't take other jabs, are signalled to be boosters for cancer and other diseases. Check for personal evidences of adverse effects or deaths on forums and social, not trust the official statistics, talk directly with people that live that also. Health is more important of freedom, 'cause once lost you can't retrieve it easily as before! I don't want to convince anybody, this is all I wanted to say. Search yourselves the truth, not listen to anybody offers you a ready version. Life is yours and it's in your hands!
sending healing vibes❤❤❤
You are BOTH so amazing. Thank you for sharing your journey with all of us....I am sending you all of my healing thoughts and energy.
forza ragazzi non smettete mai di lottare
Sending so much love to both of you 💜 and a little hug for Oso too 🐻
You and Eamon are in my thoughts and prayers! I know you are going to beat this!! You are strong! You will see a victory!!❤️🙌🏻🙏
HI Guys, You only know me as just  one of those many people who follow you. I'm am an 83yr old man from Greenfield, Massachusetts who has been following you for a long time. I have admired you folks for many things and now this too.  I wish you both all the best in the coming weeks/months, whatever comes your way I wish you healthy vibes, I will keep you in my thoughts every day. I don't have cancer, but I'm dealing with CIDP and the treatment is a 5-6 hour  IVIG (infusion) every 4 weeks, , I have been doing this for several years. My infusions are administered alongside people who are receiving cancer treatments in the Oncology Unit. I see what they go through , I admire them so much...I admire them just like I admire you. Take care , Love to you Kiddo !!
Why in the world are they still not allowing cancer patients to have a companion to be at bedside with them, but allow full stadium of stupid music festivals and sports?? Tell me why!
This is just so rough. With everything Bec does daily to protect her health it's so unfair. Am heartbroken they are going through this crap. I wish I had some words that could help.
sending LOVE & peace & strength to you both <3
All will be well. Sending love and tons of positive ++++++ energy. You can do this. You are such a bad ass warrior!!!
Hi Bec :) love you so much .. you will make it ♥️ and you will be fine .. our prayers with you
thank you for sharing your story.  I am sending you guys lots of hugs and prayers!
Cancer really sucks
love the name liquid sunshine
Sending sparkling healing energy.....and good vibes! ♥️
not even a minute into this video and i am already balling. I can't wrap my head around how something so horrible could happen to such a wonderful, special person like you, Bec. I got my boyfriend hooked on your videos and we're always thinking of you two. We wont stop rooting for you with all of our love. You guys have been there for all of us and now its time for all of us to be there for you guys.
Sending you a lot of love Bec and plenty of sun from Spain. Besos ❤️🌞❤️
Bec, I pray for you all the time and for Eamon. 🙇‍♀️❤
You guys are awesome. I can’t thank you enough for sharing this journey with us. I’m not sure what will keep you going during the rough days after chemo but your courage is amazing.
Get a good prebiotic it's a huge help.
I love the positive attitude, your in my prayers🙏
I'm searching for small things to be grateful for. Because of you. Because you are so strong. Because you inspire me. Today after I saw your video, I went on a walk with my sweet dog, sat under the beautiful warm sun (that's February in Greece!) and put some chamomile flowers on his paws. And there, with a smile on my face, I thought of you. Love from a stranger from the other side of the globe.
Sending you positive thoughts and Prayers you’ve got this. Now that beautiful dog didn’t I hear he was a foster dog for you guys? Can’t let him go so nice a dog
❤️
I cannot express how healing it is to see how you guys are going through what my family has gone through for the past two years. Thank you, thank you, thank you. Praying for your health❤️
Look, we both will have a different life for the next few months. I'm abroad for a semester and my life is completely different. In a few months we can both get back to our normal lives. We will be changed but we will still be the same. We're both on a different journey for a bit now but everything will get back to normal. Try to see it like a semester abroad. You're somewhere completely different experiencing different things and living a different life, but we know it is only temporary.  Stay positive
Praying for you my friend. You will get better. For nausea I recommend low dose thc indica. It's not for everyone but when I had severe nausea in 2020 from an illness it definitely took the edge off. YOU WILL HEAL! Sending positive energy your way!!
thank you for being willing to share. Whatever, whenever, however. Yes, or no.
Your spirt is ao inspiring. Sending all the positive energy your way
Hugs !
Bec! You are strong, fierce and a light to everyone around you. I am praying for continuous healing! Eamon you are a great partner!! It’s so special watching how much you care for Bec! ❤️☀️
Bec and Eamon, if it will help I have been using "A Network for Grateful Living" website.  Every day there is a quotation that I have found both optomistic and sould building.  I pray that it will help you.  God Bless.  Dear God, You know Eamon and Bec, and those they hold closest to their hearts, and You best know all their needs.  AMEN
Sending thoughts and prayers 🙏
Love you both so much sending positivity from Scotland
❤️
Nobody cares you just want attention people die every day get over it
Sending you so much love and light❤I know no words can relieve the pain or stress you guys are experiencing right now, but please know your internet family is always here for you and thank you for being so transparent and real during this unexpected chapter. It's so beautiful to see your guys love shine so incredibly bright in times of darkness🌻Wishing you the best experience with treatment and recovery!
its always shocking that you guys have last names because your Eamon and Bec. good luck with the treatments.
👍
I think you talking about everything and sharing all the Dr visits and your trips. Is actually making it less frightening to all of us. You literally are sharing the most terrifying journey we all are Petrified of receiving diagnosis of. I personally thank you and applaud your strength to share this most intimate, terrifying time in your life. I can’t help but think God is going to heal you. You touch so many peoples lives. Emmon, I know your scared and so use to taking care of Bec. It’s okay to not be okay. Please help us and share with us. How we can help our spouse as they feel helpless, and scared. I really want to know, because I don’t know what to do him. Bec only advice I can give you is sleep, don’t feel guilty. When you sleep your body is healing. It’s okay, you will be okay
Keep strong sweet lady.  Lots of positive healing vibes sent your way.  What a beautiful pup you have.  Stay strong you two!
So many emotions! I'm so grateful that you are sharing your journey with us. While everyone deals with things differently I feel like your effort to find the good things everyday, no matter how small, while going through this is a great lesson for all of us. I also feel so happy that Oso came into your life when he did. You are both amazing and I feel very blessed to be part of your YouTube family.  Take in all the love and light we are all sending your way 💗
Probably you are not going to read this ...but you are amazing Bec...sending you lots of love....love you my darling girl 💋💕💞💕
My mother is going through chemo (liquid sunshine) at the moment for lung cancer. The hardest part has been not being able to go into treatments to support her, even though she’s put into an isolation room. I’m praying for you and Eamon as much as possible. One piece of advice which has helped me a lot is that whenever an emotion comes to you like anger/ sadness/ anxiousness etc.,  just embrace it, acknowledge it then let it go. It’s okay to not be okay and also Bec isn’t sick she’s healing! God Bless neighbors from Ottawa. 🌷
It takes a lot of courage to share this journey, I am enjoying your cookbook and use time of food preperation to think very positive and healing thoughts for you and yours.
Thinking and praying for you.
Your grace and positivity is unmatched. Praying for all of the abundance, health and light that you and Eamon both deserve. I strive to be more like you. Thank you for sharing the rawest parts of your life 🤍.
You are such a beautiful woman sending love xxx
6,244 Comments with more to follow, sharing all our love to strangers who feel like family.
Prayers of healing!  I know too many women who are trying to heal from breast cancer!
I used to take my mom to chemo and we would crack jokes and be present with it.  we knew it was serious but would joke and my mom would make cookies for the chemo nurses.  I still make those cookies.  I have also  been to Kingston when my uncle had cancer.  It's a beautiful area.  It's all about attitude and taking care of yourself.
My husband went through chemo and radiation treatment. It was 6 weeks of heavy duty treatment. Afterwards it was several months of recovery from the treatment. He was diagnosed with stage 4 throat cancer and is now 5 years cancer free. I am praying for a complete recovery for you Bec. I am praying for both of you, Eamon. it will be a tough road but you will get through it.
Can we also appreciate the beautiful and inspirational videos they make… wooouuww❤️❤️
Bec, it's not that you had bad luck-- it's just no one is in Control of their lives even though it may seem that we are. You and Eamon are in my🙏
Thinking of y’all and sending hugs and positive thoughts your way. Praying for you both, your parents,those that love you,and your entire tribe.
Thank you for sharing. I teared up when Eamon couldn't go in the hospital with you for your 1st treatment. As horrible as the side effects are I'm glad there are treatments. Back in 1963 my 31 year old Daddy had leukemia and there was absolutely nothing they could do for him. Blessings and peace to you and yours.
Sadly cancer does not discriminate, you can do everything right and still get cancer. I've been keeping you in my thoughts and been sending you positive vibes.
Hi. And my mom struglled with this disease.
Really focus on what you want, being happy and laughing.  Imagine the healthy diagnosis, the day is on its way. Big hugs and love to you both.
I wish you guys would start a go fund me. Would love to donate towards Bec's healing <3
Organ harvesting is one of the worst human rights violations imaginable, and it is hard to fathom that a state could systematically take so many innocent lives for their organs, said Peter van Dalen, a Member of the European Parliament (MEP), on November 29.  Mr. van Dalen made this remark at a hearing held by the European Parliament’s Subcommittee on Human Rights (DROI). During this event, legal experts, witnesses, MEPs, and other officials called for the European Union (EU) as well as the United Nations to take action to stop organ harvesting by the Chinese Communist Party (CCP).   MEP Peter van Dalen at a hearing held by the European Parliament’s Subcommittee on Human Rights (DROI) on November 29, 2021
Sending love and light.
You should try intermittent fasting to starve the cancer cells, also stick to a high alkalize diet and also use cannabis oil high in thc and cbd. Hope everything goes well.
Dont think I've ever deleted and rewritten a comment so many times before.... Bec, the moment you stepped outside and took in the cold air... pure life euphoria. Eamon, you have all the bro's in the tube behind you, stay strong! WHEN you are through this you will be even more amazing! Huge love from UK x
We’ve been thinking of you guys ❤️ wishing you the best of luck with treatment and this new journey you are on! Sending all the positive vibes!
Bec, you precious girl. You are an inspiration and a F-ing warrior. Be as kind to yourself as you would someone else in your shoes. You could be any one of us out here, watching and supporting and sending love. Rest and eat whatever you want (treat yourself) while you watch those funny videos! I laugh/ cried with you! Eamon, I think the most mentally challenging part of caring for a loved one with cancer (for me) was feeling like the world was moving so fast and I just needed it to slow down for a little bit,  a tiny pause I couldn't ever find. Find those little pauses for yourself and with Bec, mini moments of zen, put away the clock and the calendar if you need to. We're all stopping as we follow this journey you guys are on,  and being still and we're with you whether or not we're close by. Eamon and Bec you are seen, your are heard, you are important, and most of all you are loved.
Hey Bec, I know you are going through a lot right now, but, everything will be OK. I know you may be getting a double mastectomy and as a person of knowledge, I do want you to know, that you'll be OK. If it helps, you can write a "break-up" letter to you breasts to help you heal and get through your tough spots. I heard that it is very healing and that you'll be able to process the treatment more. Everything is going to be OK. We're all in this together! I have to get a brain MRI to check my brain! I know it's not like breast cancer but, you are so strong and I've seen your videos and you are so positive and outgoing so keep up the good work! Breast cancer is a big deal and journaling does help, I know you've started journaling and it's really a great way to express yourself. Plus, when you get through all of this, you'll have a book to remind you that you got through this. And when you have kids, you can show them these videos and the journal (if you want to) and show them that Mommy is a trooper and that everything will be OK no matter what. I hope that you are doing well and that you have good vibes sent your way and we all appreciate and love you! Just take some time for yourself and rest and drink plenty of fluids and keep on trucking! Wish you the best! <3
Been thinking about you all week. Hugs and good vibes coming your way. BTW the bangs look so cute! ❤
❤️
Sending love and prayers o you Bec and Eamon  Thank you for sharing.  You are both so incredibly brave and strong. You've got this.
Sending love ❤️
If you want good laughs while in treatment to watch, Watch Tim Conway and Carol Burnett shows. You will be laughing so hard you might fall out of the chair.
Oh Bec, I am sending so much love and blessings your way. My sister had breast cancer and 22 yrs later. She's great. Much love, blessings and positive thoughts from Cape Breton, Nova Scotia ♥ xo
Be strong Bec, I’ve been there and did that, chemo, redaction, all kind of medicine and surgery for Colon Cancer, my last PET Scan 2 months back proves I’m cancer free for the last years! Just be strong and continue life as usual, never ever think sick or negative There’ll be times u’ll feel weak but u can defeat it Don’t worry about ur hair it will grow fast & better than before  Just be strong 💐
I love you series and your journey. Take care and fingers crossed, but most important, how can you trust the doctors and medical industry? When the medical error is one of the leading cause of deaths? Do your research. Find alternatives and try other doctors. Cant wait for the next video. 💚🙏
Hi you guys, writing you from  Belgium, other side of the Atlantic. I normally rarely comment on videos, but this one is special to me. My father is fighting colon cancer for the second time and cancer in general for the 3rd. He has Muir-Torre syndrome,  a genetic disease which gives him high chances of colon cancer and skin cancer. Just know from him you are doing it the right way, taking things step by step and enjoying every day. Special thoughts te Eamon, for being so supportive and kind to you, although it is not always easy for the people around that love you . Lot’s of strength and love from over the Atlantic. J.
I adore you guys.   I watch several van life/camper life couples and you guys bring joy.   I know its hard to share your journey at this time but so glad you are.   No matter how you feel I think your followers love you so much that we don't want to be out of the loop but would also respect you sharing as much or a little as you are comfortable with.    Maybe Aimee (Kinging it) could give you some wig tips and you rock it like you own it.   I love that y'all met up with Nate and Kara. (they are another of my favs).    My other couple crush I would like to see y'all meet is Elsa and Barron.   Take care, internet hugs! Any by the way I haven't won me that Omaze van yet but donate every time you guys share a van is up there.
Hugggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggs :)with love .i love your new hair cut , wonderful may Jesus be with you all the way Bec . I love yr dog too .
Not going to scare you with my dance moves, but trust me I’m sending you both ALL my energy and love   ❤️
Sending nothing but love.
Praying for you both, each and every day. Thank you for taking us along with your journey to wellness. You are inspiring others with your positivity and for your devotion to lifting one another. Your family, friends, and fans are sending you light and love.
I sooooo appreciate your openness and honesty in this. The red pee is real and it's the kinda stuff those of us who might be about to go through this need to see. ✊🏿💙
Praying for you to keep moving forward on this difficult journey.  Love both of your positive attitudes!  Oso is so aware of your journey too!  He will keep you going with lots of kisses!  We are all thinking of you daily...and praying for your strength!
my mum used marihuana infusion to fight the quemo simptoms, it worked like a charm for her. It was prescribed from her doctor. not sure how the law works in Canada when it comes to that.. Anyway... Keep in mind that is only temporary and for the greater good, that mindset helped my mum :)
Prayers coming your way for our family down here in Texas. You got this!
اتمنى لك الشفاء اتمنى من الله ان يشفيكي ، "اللهم اشفها انت الشافي لا شفاء الا شفتئك شفاء لا يغادر سقما" i wish you will be great inchallah ❤️🇩🇿
love u guys ...stay strong!!
I’ve know people who have eaten unhealthy all their lives, smoked, drank, so many things that are classed as bad for us. Yet they live long healthy lives with no cancer. It’s just one of those things. Life’s short. Just live it and have fun. Don’t be consumed by the issues from microwaves or mobile phones etc. cancer has always been around. Long before microwaves and phones were created.
Cancer can hit anyone. No matter how healthy you are. Yes some things we coke into contact with can increase the risk of cancer. But nothing can prevent it all together. It can be genetic. It can just be bad luck. I would maybe focus on getting better and not why it happened in the first place. As you may never know and it’s not helpful.
I think I was stage three and the gave me 13 rounds of chemo, and a heavy dose!
Isn’t it CRAZY that you, who takes such great care of herself, in SO many ways, has this horrid situation. From what I can see from both of you, you are showing so many people the path you have chosen, and that’s it’s not only courageous, but also generous. There is nothing like the whole truth and nothing but the truth to disarm the imagined mysteries. My folks were huge advocates of the  Power of Positive Thinking, and in my 75 years, I have found, they were right. Both of you, and your families I’ve noticed, are champions of that style of powerful thought. Well done to your entire team, you’ve got what it takes!❤️
Keeping you both in my thoughts and prayers. I’m so thankful you have your cabin. I love the way you support each other. Sending positivity!
First week you never felt soo much pain, if you were asked to do it again you'd might say no! That sh%t hurts. You wake up and your bones hurt!
Praying for you both! Watching a loved one go through this and going through it, is so hard and we are here for the both of you virtually. Love you guys!
I hope the second treatment goes much better for you, keeping you both in my thoughts and prayers. Y’all are both so strong 💜
You two are an exceptional couple. The way you support each other is out of this world!. I was crying throughout this video, Bec, because I’ve been battling a stomach virus or something this weeken and I’ve been throwing up and it left me a really weak,  short of breath, and walking from the bedroom to the kitchen tires me out. Thank you for showing us this journey that you are going on. It’s going to be a tough one, but you will see results.   I love your new bob!  And by the way I am in love with Osso!  He’s so sweet and I love his face!❤️❤️❤️
I'm sending you good and healing energy from Sweden. you can do this and you will make it trough. <3
I’m actually crying. I’m so proud of you guys.
Sending you so much love and good spirit
Bec…I wanted u to know we r thinking of you, sending prayers and POSITIVE VIBES your way…,you r an amazing young lady and you will BEAT this!  Stay strong!
Sending you both all the love and hugs I can give right now. If  Eamon want the  full story I would love for him to just talk about how it not only impacted you but also him. He did a bit in this video,  but people sometimes forget with cancer, mental health and whatever that people on the sideline also have a battle to fight. Hope this makes sense, not the best at English.  Stay positive and glad that you have a nice cozy home to relax and heal in.
sending thoughts and prayers to both of you💛
So proud of the two of you.. lifting us all up with your courage and positive energy. Keep it up Bec! You are going to beat this. Eamon you are a wonderful suppport for Bec. You are in my thoughts and prayers. I have enjoyed following your channel over the years but now I admire the two of as people. ❤❤❤
Hey bec I'm sending love and prayers your way ❤🙌🙏
I will buy whatever you want me too of it helps you guys I'm just at a loss
Microwaves have nothing to do with it guys, don't get sucked into or propagate that myth en?   Yes it's genes and bad luck. That's what most cancer comes down to. Even when it's in part due to environmental carcinogens, some people will never get cancer from them while others will, due to luck and genes.  I've been there. Got lucky with clean margins and it never came back. But something will get us in the end. It is what it is.  Good luck, stay healthy, hope you beat it and get to do a lot more exploring or whatever your heart desires.
I was my mom's "nurse" (Eamon) through her breast cancer and chemo journey and I'm having so many emotions for you, mostly love. Hang in there. Know that you are BOTH LOVED! And Eamon, reach out for help when you need it(because its your journey too), Bec is going to need you more than she ever has before. You are both amazing people! Stay positive! Much love.
Stage 3 survivor. The toilet offers more support for vomiting. Super cool about thw wig of your own hair. I was already bald haha.   Chemo has come a long ways I was in that chair 9-10 hours a day, 6 days a week. But that was 20 years ago. Modern medicine is a blessing.
I have followed you both for the longest time! Sending all my love to you both xxx
No matter what. DO NOT DRINK CHAMOMILE TEA.  It cuts the effects of chemo
You both have such beautiful energy and I’m so so proud you guys and your whole family for be so positive through this experience.
Sending so much love your way!! ❤️
Oh my God I found u guys again and to hear this breaks my heart God bless you I'm praying non stop for you 🙏 ❤️
What a truly beautiful journey your on with your self. You have found so much love, grace, and gratitude, in this difficult time.   Right, after your fertility treatment video, my cousin Judy broke the family silence about my aunt's cancer journey.  My aunt has been dealing with overian cancer for the last two years. At Christmas she took a turn for the worst. The cancer has spread to other parts of her body. And I am praying for her and the rest of the family.  It gives me comfort to know that such a young woman like yourself is giving everything you have against this terrible disease called cancer.
Stay strong.
I have no words. I cried through the whole video and just really admire you. You’re so strong and positive. Eamon you are a blessing. ❤️❤️❤️
Stay strong guys!! You are the best. A lot of hugs ❤️
🙏🏼🧡
I’m a pharmacy technician at a hospital in Ontario. My job is to mix chemo drugs for patients just like you. I wanted to thank you for sharing your journey, so I can see the effects my job has on patients like you. Unfortunately my job is in the background of every patients journey and we see your names, diagnosis, medication and dose to be administered and your patient number. In the chemo room, we only refer to patient by there name because a person isn’t a number or defined by their diagnoses. We think about everybody’s safety and health whether it’s scrubbing and gowning up before mixing or wiping down and bagging the iv bags after mixing…everyone of you are in our thoughts…each individual person. Thank you for allowing me a small glimpse of a long journey. You are a rockstar!
I’m so proud of you Bec & you can do this!❤️🥰
So proud of you, continued prayers
You are a WARRIOR!!!  You got this!!!!
Fate whispers to the warrior  You cannot withstand the storm The warrior whispers back I AM THE STORM! My wife was diagnosed with stage 4 breast cancer July 2020. She has been on chemo ever since (including the Red Devil) and her oncologist calls her her hero. What the scans show and how she feel are not in line. She lives by the motto above, she is the storm. She moves a least 15 minutes every day even in her bad days. The mind is very powerful! Eamon, like me our role is to be their rock! It's the hardest job I've ever had. I'm sending you our love, hugs and our mindset.  You are the STORM!
Sending you both lots of hugs and positive vibes!!💚🌿🌷
Bec you are just pure sunshine. I haven’t stopped thinking about you two and know you two will beat this. I’m sending nothing but good energy your way. You guys are incredible. ❤️🌻
Crunch on ice-chips while you are getting the red devil - my wife went through chemotherapy (including the red devil) a few years ago and someone told her about the ice and it seemed to help.
i don't care
You guys are doing great!! I am a breast cancer survivor almost 12 years now! I did 6 rounds of chemo and had to have the horrible shot… I also did a herceptin infusion for a whole year!!  You can do it!!  Anyway small tip if you have a metal taste in your mouth try eating with plastic wear.  It helped me.   You both got this! Love you guys!!
🙏❤️
Sending much love, just a stranger but feel like a friend, thinking of you both often 🌸
♥️🙏🏼♥️
Sweet Bec!! You are so so so so loved!!! Eamon you are so encouraging to watch as you support Bec!! Thank you for allowing us to be here for you both!! Love love love love you both!!❤️
Sending healing your way from Hawaii thank u for sharing
Bec, you are a beautiful soul for sharing your journey. Eamon, you're the best support system for your buddy. I love your your positive outlook on Liquid Sunshine! If he's able, Eamon could create a merch design with the rebranding. I would love to support your journey financially and know your community would also love to share the Liquid Sunshine with their loved ones going through treatment.
So sorry you’re going through this  my neighbor was part of a chemo group and discovered that cantaloupe was about the only thing they could eat that would stay down  bless you and you will get through this ❤️❤️
You both amaze me. Your love and strength for each other is wonderful. Thank you for sharing such a difficult and vulnerable time. Sending all the love and positivity to you both ❤ 💛.
Each and every morning I send you healing vibes and love while I meditate. You two are so beautiful souls and you'll go through all of this. We are with you and so proud! lots of love! 💛💛💛
❤️❤️❤️
I don't know you and why your video showed up in my feed but best of luck to you ❤️
Eamon is a good nurse. I think you should keep him. 😉🤣
Wishing you both the very best (or continuing to).  You are both an inspiration, keep remembering your journey is your journey.  ❤️
I have never cried so much but I hope the best for you. Don’t forget your strong !!!
Sending all my thoughts, good vibes and healing energy to you Bec. And to that handsome partner of yours as well. You are such a beautiful light in this world! Much love from Texas!!
Thank you for updating as y’all have been in my thoughts quite often. I love how you’re handling this with mindset & support from Eamon & professionals. I skimmed through comments to see if anyone suggested medical marijuana & didn’t run across any. If it could help your nausea & appetite so you could continue to eat normally & thereby keep up your strength during this most challenging time, I wish you would consider it. We love you, Eamon, & Oso 🙏🏼
Bec, sending you and Eamon sooo much love, and healing energy... Bec, remember, You are a warrior woman... You are brave, and strong...  You are a shimmering light body....You are invincible... Love you guys...💜💙💗💙💜
You truly are inspiring in so many ways.  The positivity and light that come from you is so contagious and heartfelt.  ❤️  Sending so many well wishes and prayers to both of you!
I’m new to your channel (Kara and Nate turned me on to you guys). First and foremost, I’m so sorry you’re going through this. I’ve cried but also smiled through your recent videos. Thank you for sharing this with us. Your honesty, vulnerability, strength and love amaze me. I’m in awe of you. You will beat this!  You are a tremendously strong woman with an incredible amount of support. Eamon is amazing and the love that you share is so beautiful. Keep focusing on the positive but know that it’s ok to cry and be scared on the bad days. Keeping you in my continued prayers! 🙏❤️
Stay strong! You got this!
I had the red devil in my chemo cocktail and it's no joke. I found that forcing myself to eat a little every few hours helped curb that yucky, fried, and hungover feeling. Bananas and mash potatoes were my go to. Bec, you are strong and brave! Sending you lots of good vibes! Hugs!
No shame in the fact you got cancer even tho you are GMO ,vegan….or if we are not!  Organic products are not always believable. Life happens and it’s bitter/sweet. It’s for our learning and growth.  God is in control. Look to the who created you.
I just love all three of you❤️. Love and light to you Bec and Eamon.
Much love and good vibes your way. My dearest friend is also going thru chemo , she has pancreatic cancer. You are dealing with it the best way you can and the accent is on you. Everyone has their own journey through this is what my friend tells me. Your overall positive attitude is amazing to behold. I know every day won't be so positive but you have to know that's alright too. ✌
Hi Eamon and Bec,  I am going to be here for you two following your journey.  I love you guys.
You are such an amazing couple. Stay strong! Bec, you are such a generous person for sharing this difficult journey an doing it with so much dignity. I’m sure you will beat this thing. If everything happens for a reason, this will make you stronger, and maybe Destiny gives you this tough journey because you are an amazing person an you will help a lot of people in the present with your amazing videos and in the futur…  Sending you positiv vibes from Luxembourg. Much love
Eamon and Bec,,hubby and I love you both ,our prayers are with you...XoXoX 🙏🙏🙏
I have been praying for you guys. Bec, thank you for calling it liquid sunshine. You changed my thoughts about receiving my treatments. Thank you for that. As my mentor always says, " move a muscle, change a thought. I love you guys. I will continue to pray for both of you.
Do a juice fast. Listen to John Rose. This is not about luck. This is about eating habits and toxins
Rebel Cell is good I just finished it. Next is the First cell. I have pancreatic cancer. Today (21 Feb) my bloodwork was not good and I  will most likely not get my treatment this week. Please get a second opinion and ask for Ondansetron for the nausea. There is also Compazine. Rest as much as possible and stay hydrated. Thinking of you and sending major good vibes from Portland, OR USA
I'm marveling at the strength you both have. Bravery abounds. I envision swift recovery and complete healing of mind, body and spirit for you both.
Hi Bec. Know you are in my thoughts and prays. Sometimes you might want to try to help with the nausea is getting acupuncture the day before chemotherapy. It helped my aunt immensely during her chemo.
Sending love and healing waves your way as I meditate…bless you both
I only came across your video since it's trending, and I say this because I don't want to assume that I know how you are like or what you are going through, but there is always a reason for the trials we face in life, If you happen to see this or even watch this video, know that Allah places goodness in everything for those who believe in their return to him, this life is only temporary, the afterlife is eternal and is the greatest attainment.   Quran 2:186 - And when My servants ask you, [O Muhammad], concerning Me - indeed I am near. I respond to the invocation of the supplicant when he calls upon Me. So let them respond to Me [by obedience] and believe in Me that they may be [rightly] guided.  Quran 17:82 - And We send down of the Qur’ān that which is healing and mercy for the believers, but it does not increase the wrongdoers except in loss.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dzL6BLPAFBo&ab_channel=OnePathNetwork
Big hugs for you all! For you family and friends that’s supports you in this!  Take one day at the time. And if that’s to much take one moment at the time! 🌳  You will win over this and you’re so strong!!! Big hugs for you all!! 💐
Dear Bec and Dear Eamon, I learnt something important from you today, again. Thank you for sharing all your thoughts, it's process etc. I have never looked at it from this perspective. Of course we are here for you, if you want to travel to Hungary after your healing we have a guest room for you guys :) love love
Keep it up Becc.  Holding you and Eamon close. Xxoo
I am so inspired by your strength and positivity. Your videos are heartbreaking and heart warming.. my husband and I have followed you for years and we are sending you so much love.. all the way from Cornwall in the UK! Take care and be kind to yourselves.. always xxx
Still have you both in my thoughts and prayers and I will keep you there <3.
I was diagnosed with breast cancer back in December & so much of your journey is similar to mine. Chemo was off the table because my oncotype score was really low but I just found out the cancer has spread to my lymph nodes. My oncologist wants to wait until after my lymph node dissection & double mastectomy to decide but it's a scary possibility. Praying your treatments go well & chemo is effective! 💖
You guys are so strong. I don't think words can even depict that.
You’re incredible, sending love xx
Been thinking of you allot, I am believing that you will overcome it. Breast cancer runs in our family but in an older age. that made me look into food a lot. I have known forever that soy and a few other foods are critical for estrogen. Please look into it. ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
So proud of you and so grateful for your willingness to share your journey to encourage others.
Hello, you 2 are awesome, I watch your channel, vanwives, kera and Nate, and I know you, all are friends, but I am not familiar with this subject, but I feel as a human being that what you 2 are experiencing  and the fact that your filming some of it, that you 2 are going to help alot of people that may experience these things.😥
I love the box tip. It’s like why haven’t I ever thought of that?!?!  That juice looks delicious and as  Texan I can’t fathom leaving my bed to go out in -20 degree weather. I can’t even get out of bed at 20 degrees above zero. 😉
You got this Bec!!!! You're so strong!
My identical twin sister and I are both going through this right now. Sending you big hugs!
<3 <3 <3
Good luck guys. Thank you for sharing this traumatic experience with us all and be so honest and opened. You are very strong and will get better. You have plenty of people around you and with therapy you are going to rock this thing.
If solely eating well and exercising were the only cure for cancer, most people wouldn't have it. You cannot control that entirely Bec and even though you will want answers, there really isn't anything that you could have done.
So so so proud of you guys💛
My history teacher is in chemo and still teaches the day after. I believe in you!
I have been following you guys for two years now and you have been such an inspiration. You two have become rolemodels for so many parts of my life and also have helped me keep such a good mindset. You both radiate such wonderfu energy, and your posisivity is beautiful. I am praying for you guys <3 <3
I wish you Many strength you get by ❤️
I'm sure someone has said this already but imagine if you hadn't been doing things in a healthy way.  Have had Mohs surgery 2x and other spots removed.  Blessings to you both.
Both of you are so strong. God is with you. Love you guys 🤍
Sending you both lots of positive thoughts and healing love. 🥰🥰🥰
Sweat loving lady ….thank you for showing us your courage God bless you and Eomon …you will be yourself again or even better …you can do this your a wonder women the strangest women in the world .
Sending you all the healing hugs ✨✨
try moringa
My heart and well wishes go out to you daily! You are a warrior 💕 cheers to sunshine, liquid sunshine, oso, and the second week every other week! 🤗much love!
I am so sorry you have to go through this <3. As a Triple Negative BC survivor myself (diagnosed in 2018 and currently in remission), I can tell you from my own experience that the initial waiting phase (i.e. period between diagnosis to first treatment) was mentally the hardest for me and then everything became slowly better once the treatment commenced. Few tips and tricks from my own 16 rounds of ACT chemo journey: stay hydrated and eat lots of fiber (chemo constipation is a b#$@&), stay away from those cancer muggles (especially those who give stupid medical advice or diet recommendations), don't feel bad about taking time off to rest and heal and be your own fierce advocate <3. You've got this!
What a wonderful support Eamon and Oso are for you ,Bec. Thank you for your honesty and willingness to share. I will keep sending sunshine through positive vibes!
Beta carotene reduce proliferation of cancer cells. Fresh carrot juice morning add a little beet if you want! My friend beat breast cancer she drank so much carrot juice her hands were orange!. But she beat it with all the chemo, health  foods and vitamins! On top of that Bec I know a lady who survived 30 years. Eamon invest in a juicer and a big huge bags of carrots. Take care love you guys!
Lots of love you two amazing people
My best friends mom is going through Chemo. I have known her for almost 20 years. To see her and you handle this with such grace and honesty is amazing. Praying and sending the most positive vibes for you guys~ <3
💜💜💜💜💜
My cousin has been having treatments for triple negative breast cancer. I think in Kingston as well, maybe Brockville? A few days ago it was her 1 year mark from finishing chemo and radiation/surgery. She is a survivor. Hugs and kisses to you. Stay strong babe!
Porque hacen eso 👀
Simply two beautiful people… sending  lots 🌞 &❤️
🙏🏻
thinking all the good vibes and healing thoughts for you Bed! Also if you want to laugh, I pee red every time I eat beats!
ROCK STARS, that’s it! 💪🏽💪🏽💪🏽 Sending lots of positive energy and prayers. 💫💫💫
“For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.” 🙏
You are both so strong and inspirational in sharing this with us. Wishing you a speedy and full recovery, so you can get back to doing what you love most, Bec!
Stay positive you are a strong woman!! Remember to ask for help when you need it during this journey. Lean into your support team and it’s so important for healing. God bless and know that you have a whole community and family and friends who are rooting for you! (Ps peppermint candies or ginger and lemon tea are really good for side effects) 🙏🏼
Remember that chemo is not all chemicals.  There is a lot of plants.  Taxol is from the pacific yew tree.
Praying for complete healing God bless you both
Hi you guys, Just want to say hi and tell you that I am thinking about you everyday, You two are handling this so well, I feel in my heart that you will get through this tough, tough time  and that you will regain your strength and be back to your beautiful funfilled lives. I am holding you both and your families in my heart. Keep strong and know how much you are loved.      Peace & healing  <3
I was diagnosed with stage 2 breast cancer last May!   There was no reason for my cancer.  I know how you feel. I didn’t have to do chemo!   I have a lumpectomy and radiation.  I chose no hormonal therapy due to blood clots. I’m praying for you.
my mom has gone thru this whole thing your going thru she got diagnosed in jan of 2021 and just got done with radiation its a scary start trust me but I feel and know what your going thru you guys r is my thoughts and prayers!
Bec is the most positive beautiful ray of sunshine I have ever seen and she is a BADASS , love you guys go ahead and kick cancers ass 💪 ☀️
My prayers are with you darling don't give up god will heal u
I have done this twice. Breast cancer both times.  I’m here in Ontario if you need me.  Hugs.  Love you Bec
Where you guys buy this juice? I’m forever trying to find a place. Are they international.   By the way I pray to God that you recuperate soon. You can beat this with God by your side💪🏼
I love you guys. I can't help but cry. Cry because of your strength and willpower. You guys are MY blessing. You remind me to find something beautiful in the day and be blessed. Thank you for coming into my life via virtually. But making the most impact. 🙏
You are so beautiful 😍, love you Beck from  Utah
My heart goes out to you both… Eamon & Bec… sending hug and lots of love ❤️❤️❤️
Eamon and Bec you continue to be in my prayers. 🙏 I completely understand your desire to be with Bec through her treatments. You just want her surrounded in love and support. You are both so strong. I love that friends and family are sending you funny videos. 💖🙏
What is the promocode? Thinking of you both.
Thank YOU for allowing us to watch your journey, Bec.  I am so happy to se Osso become part of the family.  Nothing compares to the love of a dog....  Wishing you all the healing thoughts and prayers and sending so much appreciation to Eamon for sharing you with us as well.
Eamon and Bec, from the bottom of my heart I wish you a speed  and a total recovery. I quit watching your channel cause I do not feel comfortable "intruding" in your private life. Thank you for the joy you gave me while watching your adventures traveling around Europe and North of Africa . All the best!
Stay strong Bec! I was on this same journey a few years ago. Thinking about you often :)
You guys are so strong. All my love to you!!
sending tons of healing thoughts!! You're a strong, incredible woman!
Thank you for sharing! Know it’s not easy but we all love you so much and appreciate getting to be apart of your life no matter the situation 💗💗💗
Hey Bec, here some really funny videos that might help you get you through and give you a laugh I discovered them not too long ago,  they are  so funny🤣🤣🤣🤣 hope you enjoy them.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kEPfM3jSoBwin
I can see the shine in you Bec 💖
praying everyday. Also - I struggle with the diagnosed sad sad disorder and when im really down I watch your channel and FatheringAutism. I love watching your updates and past videos + FatheringAutism’s vlogs (watching Abbie grow and smile and have fun helps me find joy in the little things)  Praying that you continue to find joy in the smallest things, know that they are there for you always. 💙 strength is a choice, you don’t have to choose it everyday and I love that you share all aspects of that choice. It shows the beauty in your character. Sending so much love
💗💗💗💗
So grateful you have each other.
Stay strong you two you're doing so great! Stay strong partners and let life guide you through this challenge! ❤
Your story so far is incredibly similar to my mums. Almost identical, even down to the amount of weeks of chemo and the first type for 4 weeks. She is still here and has had a double mastectomy, one out of need and one out of choice for peace of mind. I haven’t stopped thinking about you guys as it feels so familiar. I will keep you in my thoughts and hope you have a recovery like my mum has. It’s not gunna be easy and it certainly won’t be easy for people watching you go through it, but do it as a team and you will be okay. Loadsa love ❤️
Although we have never met, I am just utterly compelled to wish the absolutely best for you both. I’m watching this journey, so invested because over watching your vlogs, my heart has grown so fond of you. I think sharing this experience is great and commend you on your bravery. Sending you all the love in the world ❤️
Add loads of tumeric to your food and take a spoonful in oil everyday... also masses of vitamin C ... hope the treatment goes well xx
Both of you continue to amaze me with your strength. Thank you for sharing your journey with us. Sending all the love, support, and positive energy your way every single day! ❤
You are both such beautiful humans! Such special people have to get a happy ending. Stay positive and strong and you will get to the other side.
Love you guys😚 You can do this Bec! Sending you all the love and positivity❤
Praying for you Bec and Eamon in Yeshua’s name amen 💜💜💜💙💙💙👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🥰🥰 Much love.
Your hair looks so cute short!!
Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww xxxxxxxxxxxxx
i am a cancer survivor as well i have lived a healthy lifestyle as well however my genetics let me down, i suffered throat cancer and now have type 2 diabetic after the cancer as well as peripheral neuropathy , i was required to have the covid shots for work and have had problems healing since  i wish you luck and well wishes . while the treatments saved my life but at what cost. understand is that they do not tell you everything about treatments. i also had to had radiation as well
Such a hard time to go through this without having your support person at your side. COVID is making things so much more difficult. Thank goodness for others doing chemo it is a bond you share. Praying for you, 🙏💕
Sending love and hugs from Arizona 💕 you are such an inspiration!
I am sending my positive and healing energy to you both xxoo
Good luck for the future
I love your belief and faith and positivity.  So appreciate your head and heart space going into this journey.  My faith mantra (&it's a Bible verse) when I survived and journeyed through healing from a stroke at age 34 (left side hemiplegia caused by a congenital defect called a cavernoma which bled in my brain, I had surgery and then rehabilitation and had by 2nd boy child 18months later)...   2 Timothy 1 verse 7: God did not give us a spirit of fear, but a Spirit of Love, Power and a Sound Mind.  I pray this for you toooo!!!  Oh, and then learning that:       The patient must be patient!!!  Such a tough one to embrace, but good to lean in to.   Godspeed and love.  (Your South African/ Irish friend)
Sending you so much love and healing vibes
sending all of our love your way, you two have the most beautiful relationship. we’re thinking of you and keeping you in our prayers ❤️ xoxo
Lifting you up in prayer Bec for a successful treatment. Praying that both of you feel the love and positive energy from 'us' who subscribe even though we have never met you. I declare that God is with you every step of the way and you are not walking through this on your own, neither one of you. Keep the faith always🙏❤.
Plant your own garden !
❤❤❤
I'm so thankful you're working through this with your team of a million plus people who love you. At this moment over 400,000 people have viewed this, are thinking about you, praying for you and even being held up by your bravery. I went through this and felt completely overwhelmed by the 74 people who made a meal, drove my kids, sent a note etc. I wrote down every name so I wouldn't forget. You will forget so much. That's not a bad thing. The second thing is, you can not question all the right things you do for your body. You are the genes of generations past. There's so much they didn't know, from smoking and household chemicals to white bread, bologna and plastic cheese. Keep doing what's good and right. And the last thing is, you are SO adorable with your short hair! We had a party and silly photo shoot with pony tails all over my head and my kids, hubby and a couple friends all cut one off. (We laugh a lot in my house). I had and now again have a ton of hair. A friend made a wig from my hair and hers. Precious gift. It won't take long to find something to be thankful for each day. Even if it's just sleep. Thank you for sharing your journey. Keeping mentally strong is half the battle.
Bec, if you are open, i would love to send you some energy work. Sending you sunshine and love and trust. I can tell you already know how important trysting in your body is. YOU BOTH ARE DOING AMAZING
Incredibly proud of you both 💖 keep going, you’ve got this! What songs are featured in the blog?
doesnt matter how we live life (eating healthy, exercising). when we are born, our cards are already laid out.
Hello! Thanks for the video! Praying for you both!❤️❤️
A long time ago I went vegan because I thought it would prevent cancer, I then learned through a lot of information through many sources and knowledgeable people that it’s actually kind of the opposite. the sugars in plants cause cancer too I do believe. When people are not on a plant based diet they still don’t eat “right” and that’s why they say plant based diets can prevent cancer, although it’s not necessarily true at all that’s not how it works ..  you should try to look into the keto diet. That’s probably the healthiest diet out there in my opinion. You need meat! We all do! I used to be vegan like I said, for all the same reasons and more. Being vegan isn’t all there is to keeping yourself perfectly healthy though. I contemplated keeping this to myself because I know it’s controversial but I feel like the vegan diet is widely misconstrued so I hope my words open you to the idea of looking deeper into other diets. I wish you health and happiness bec <3 you got this. You’re amazing.
As humans we search for reasons. Genetics is just something we are dealt as a human. Genes don't care how responsible or good we are. If they decide they are going off the rails...that's the deal. We are taught so much that we are in control of our lives. There is just so much not in our control. The fragility of being human is actually so incredible...I'm not sure how we exist at all. Anyhow, this is a hard bump in the road, but I'm so glad you are getting treatment. That you have the courage to do it. Lots of people are surviving very advanced cancers now.
Sending positive energy to you x
You're both coping with this all so well.  Keep strong; you'll get through it.
How do you feel about the liquid sunshine after your nausea & vomiting spells? I certainly wouldn't call it that but whatever you need to tell yourself to get through this ordeal!! You are doing really well with what's in front of you Bec...stay strong & positive a minute at a time if that's what works for you dear, you can get through this!!!! You are a STRONG bitch😉🥳 (That's from Inventing Anna on Netflix)🤣  REST! REST!! REST!!! Get stretches in so your body won't hurt from all the resting!!!  Eamon, you are so precious with how you care for your lady & dog!!! KUDOS to you Eamon for your AMAZING CARE & SUPPORT!!!! ✝️🐶🎉👏👏👏 Your short hair is ADORABLE on you!!!!
My dad taught me to not always look at the big picture ie the next 7 treatments. Think of it as climbing a mountain, you've taken 1 step up (treatment), now only 3 more steps to the top. When you reach the top, you'll have 4 steps to hike down. This may be easier on the mind. So at this time you have just 3 more steps to get to the top. Love & hugs from Calif.
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I know its hardly a consolation but thank god you have such a beautiful environment to go through this journey in and around. those drone shots are spectacular. a true representation of peace
Just know you will get through this. I went through 6 months of chemo. I was very sick 3 weeks out of 4. I always thought to myself how will I ever get back to my per say normal self. It was all I  could do was to get Shower once a week.   You will get there. I also ate a clean diet, but after genetic testing, it's all in the DNA. It does suck but try as hard as you can with a positive attitude. Your body will change before you eys but it will be back. Take care, namaste 🙏 ❤️
You are seriously so beautiful and so brave!! I can’t even begin to imagine the fear and flood of overwhelming emotions that must have occurred after first finding out about your diagnosis. However you’ve proven it’s just that! A diagnosis! And you e proven that it doesn’t define who you are as a person! Your positivity throughout while also being vulnerable is the biggest gift you can give anyone because you are showing everyone that even with hard times, you keep going and give it your all! I am praying for you each day and alsways sending healing vibes! You’re strong and can do hard things! Sending all my love!
WE LOVE YOU BEC YOU STRONG HUMAN YOU WILL GET THRU THIS OUR BEAUTIFUL GIRL 💕
Here in Morocco we are miss you guys And I hope all good with you 😊❤️😘 You so ❤️❤️❤️
Sending love from California.
So strong and tender.  Sorry you have to do this and we all support you both. Awesome haircut. What a cutie
Top 5: Bad Things to be with a RUSSIAN WOMAN... https://youtu.be/YSZ0VvFbu24
Im so thankful for you guys being so open and honest about your journey. My auntie has stage 4 lung cancer and is going to start chemo soon to help her symptoms. Your videos have been so eye opening and helpful to me as I can see the things she might go through/feel and how you guys have navigated through it. You're such a warrior Bec and you are so inspiring. You've got this! P.s Eamon, you're absolutely smashing it too, its never easy seeing loved ones go through it. Wishing you both the best x
You are amazing. Sending all my love to you both ❤
Im not sick in any way but you are making me realize how gratitude is helping... We all need to work on that.
My last chemo is tomorrow and what a wonderful feeling it is to make it through something like this.  You will get there <3
Oh - a crazy plus ... you will get to meet some of the most amazing loving, dedicated caring people in the nursing staff - who will support you and care in the good days and bad.  lots of love xxx
So proud of both of you! Sending so much love. Although 5 months may seem like eternity now, this will just be a short part of your life's wonderful journey!!
Hey Bec!  I sent you all the prayers in the world to help you get through this! There’s a book my brother wanted to recommend you, Tools of Titans by Tim Ferris’s focusing on the chapter of health! Please take a look!
Sending love and healing thoughts to you Bec!! You are so brave! And Eamon is a rockstar, he is such an amazing partner!
ah Bec - i went through this approx 13 years ago - positive, positive, positive...even when feeling so yuucckk! You still have control over your positivity x  cutting your hair gives you a sense of control over how much you lose - plus (here in the uk) your long hair can be donated to make wigs for kids who lose their hair, which is a GOOD use! xxx
Thank you for being so amazing and strong. You will get through this and come out even stronger than you were before. I know it's hard to see that now, but it is true. We love you and we're cheering you on every step of the way.
thank you for sharing with us bec - hospital staff are absolutely MVPs & I love that you really bring us in. I spent many days in the chemo ward with my mom & it’s beautiful to see the way the patients all rally together. best wishes & we love you!!!
Your lifestyle is so healthy that it does seem hard to understand. My first thought was the tofu you eat. Soy based food has links to breast cancer from the estrogenic chemicals known as isoflavones. The research on this is conflicting, with some saying it can be protective and others saying it can cause cancer. Please look into Frankincense essential oil for its cancer fighting properties.
Praying for you 🙏
You are both so brave! Praying for you in this difficult time ❤
💓💓💓 sending good vibes 💓💓💓
Hey Bec, you’re both doing an amazing job and so brave of you to share all this. Instead of thinking  ‘you’re out of control of something and you did everything right how come this happened to you?’ Know we are never fully in control of everything, and that you have been doing all the right things that place you in an ideal physical and mental place to deal with the uncontrollable when it comes.  Think of a storm coming in and you and eamon luckily had a storm shelter carefully built over time with love that places you in the optimum position to ride it out safely.
I am so proud of you bec and I look up to you in many ways, your mindset being one of the biggest reasons. You are one of the strongest people I can think of… I’ve been with you guys a long time now and don’t plan on going anywhere. I cry with you, laugh with you, get inspired by you.. you guys are just incredible and I can’t wait to see what the future brings.  Much much MUCH love you guys! 💕
You are so strong, and you will get through this, both of you! Sending lots of love from Norway.
Bec, Eamon just want you two to know that I'm sending all my love and positive vibes from the bottom of my heart ❤️❤️❤️❤️
There are no answers luv - my sister was a homeopathic doctor and nutritionist - yet she found herself as a young woman with breast cancer - try not to focus on the why but on the how of your healing journey  - try any book by Dr. Joe Dispensa if you feel up to it  - you have already helped thousands by documenting your incredibly brave and courageous journey xo
Sending you so much love. You are so brave Bec.
Sending so much love to you guys. Complete strangers to me but not! You're both incredibly strong and having your fury friend right now is perfect for your healing Bec. X
Also, that bob cut is lighting you up 💫🤍✨🌻
I've come to believe that we are finite sparks of the infinite, here to experience the spectrum of physical life. Sometimes, that means that we can do everything "right" and still have things go "wrong."   You are a bad ass and your healthy lifestyle and willingness to do the inner work will afford you so much more ease and grace as you navigate chemo.  You guys were a big part of our inspiration to sell everything and move to a new country. Thank you so much for authentically sharing your story. It's an honor to witness. We're rooting for you, from Ecuador. ❤️
Blessings of vibrant radiant health and well-being 🧚🏻‍♀️ Control is an illusion. Nothing you (or anyone) did to cause this. Life lifes 🙏🏻❣️😌
This video is #25 on Trending right now. Thank you for sharing your story. You are reaching and touching so many people. I'm sending you (Bec) and your loves ones so much love !
We love you guys!!! Cheers from Netherlands...
I think that you are also so gifted in the job that you have and that ur partner con be on this journey with you ... so many people have to carry on working a 9-5job that they cannot get out of otherwise they cannot afford to live ! This platform of so many people that love you has also helped you a little on your journey that ur partner can be with you and that is such a fantastic thing !! Stay strong !!!!@
mutations are a natural part of the cell, cancer is when that mutation changes the basic kill control that is present in every cell. smoking/diet can cause more mutations, but honestly - cancer is a luck of the draw. it can happen to anyone. its not your fault. big love.
Having a spouse with cancer, the first year is the hardest. Thinking of you and sending best wishes.
I can imagine you are helping so many people needing liquid sunshine, by sharing the good the bad & the angry, I would be fecking fuming if I looked after myself the way you do & got ill anyway. Your lovely dog will serve as a box of hairy tissues for you both, as you make your way through this challenge, you are already such inspirational people this will add another layer to how amazing you both are.
You two are both so inspirational. And really strong (although it's okay not to be. I'm sure there will be moments you don't feel strong and those days are necessary too even if they're not as fun.) Just trust yourselves and each other. I know it's easier to show the positives than the negatives, but a positive attitude is never a bad thing even if you're just trying to fake it til you make it. 💛
We love you guys SOO much. Wish we could all gather and support you like a little meditation yoga circle of friends. Sending so much positive energy to you both Oxoxo
To my knowledge you should avoid kissing after chemo ….. I mean liquid sunshine ☀️
I'm sobbing through the whole video. You didn't do anything wrong, sometimes shit just happens. I hope you are gentle with yourself. If reading the comments are too much, feel free to check out for a while. Sending you lots of hugs and love. You got this!
Love both of you so much and just know Lee is with you every step of the way!
Sending Happy vibes. Xoxo
Positives vibes to both of you
thank you for sharing this. you truly truly don't have to and you are. you are both so amazing and your love for one another is a bright as the morning sun. love to see love. life is a series of adjustments. you got this!
You both are so incredibly strong for sharing this.  I am moved beyond words.  I wish I could do something to help.
We love you guys and we are sending all the positivity 🤍✨ This video really showed me how much we take health for granted! I am inspired to eat healthier, work out, drink lots of water, less screen time & microwave!  Thank you for everything that you do. You will heal and live the most beautiful life🥰
I just found your channel yesterday and goodness I’m thankful for you!!!! I’m in my 30’s and had my first mammogram and ultrasound a few months back (after finding a lump) … scans showed something but they didn’t think a biopsy was needed. My pastor prayed over me and they same day the lump was gone! Fast forward a couple weeks ago and I was sore. While in the shower I did my self exam and that lump was back. I go in next month for another mammogram/ultrasound and possibly a biopsy my ultrasound.  All the “what ifs” can drive a person crazy. As rough as your journey is … I thank you for sharing it. Your journey is inspiring me and giving me strength 💖💖💖  Much Love to You Both!!!!!!💜💜💜
Sending lots of love, prayers and positive thoughts to you Bec.  You have a great attitude and you are such a strong woman.  You and Eamon make a great team and I know there's nothing you can't handle together.  Plus, he's a great nurse!  Get rest!
Big Love and Healing to you Bec....great BodyMind positivity and your Love. Eamon...not just a pretty face good cook and injection giver....he knows how to feel and is connected to his heart....and so much Love between you both. Love a stronger healing force than fear. Youre doing everything right...resting when you need to rest, crying laughing, walking gentle movement....and you're going to make it. Staying in the Powerful Now with you every step of the way. And I imagine souls waiting for you to pass through this and coming into your lives. Love Jenna ( Survivor,Midwife, Mother,GrandMother) Big Fan psBec....love the new do.
It took me a while to actually watch this because it hurts my heart seeing you beautiful human beings going thru this… Sending love and strength to you ❤️
Sending you both so much love, strength and healing energy! If your interested, Tony Robbins has a great book that is called Life Force with a whole chapter on the most effective and newest resources to support winning this battle you are both facing with cancer. Just a little gem I found that was a gam changer for me and I wanted to share 💗 love you both!!!!
Unfortunately, only in such difficult moments we are able to understand that there are not so many important things in our lives. Be strong.
Dogs add so much joy when you need it. I am so glad you have Osso during this very trying time. I mean, Eamon seems to help a little too 😂
Could be neurotoxins from some strange mold or fungi from all the renovations on an old cabin. Some friends I know all had similar health issues after a house fire where the house wasn't cleaned/prepared properly. Googling might bring skeptical results as many people don't believe in mold or neurotoxin based illness. Maybe stay with family while you recover and see? Or have the house tested? Even then maybe God chose you to go thru this and show your strength for those that need it in their own lives. I know everyone wants to point a finger of blame on one specific thing but there may just not be at all. Thanks for sharing your journey. It helps me and I'm sure many more. ❤🙏
sending so much love to you both!! thank you for sharing your journey with us. We know you will get through this--no doubt about it! <3 sending strength, love, peace and comfort to both of you xx.
Bec, you are so amazing. Eamon, you are such a sweet soul to Bec. We’ve known forever how much you love eachother but during hard times it shows even more. You both and in my thoughts and best wishes. ❤️
Cannabis for the nausea was game changing
Love both of you <3
lol I cant believe how canadian they sound! 🤣 and that's coming from me who lives in the Niagara Region LOLOL. So weird hearing how Canadian a Canadian sounds as a Canadian LOLOLOL
So much love to both of you, err all three of you.. I'm getting foster fail vibes, and I am totally here for it! Bear may just be the perfect addition at the perfect time<3 Just like the cabin, Bear's arrival feels like kismet.
Having spent a lot of time in the Chemo lounge I found it was always freezing bring your favourite blanket it helps to have something to snuggle into to make you comfortable. Bring snacks, lots of water and  books, Ipad etc to have entertainment.   The oncology nurses are amazing they always seem to have a great sense of humour but so kind and caring as well.  You will also meet other amazing cancer patients who will have inspiring stories to share.  Sending positive healing thoughts!
I wanted to suggest going some research on MUSHROOMS!  You’re going to kick this cancer’s ass. You’re a strong, powerful woman! You go girl! You’ve got this.  All the best! You’re in my thoughts
Eamon's eyes 💔 We feel your pain and wish you both a speedy recovery!
You got this bec!! Sending u so much love and luck from the UK ❤️❤️🙏
Sending healing thoughts to you right now!
We felt compelled to comment on this incredible couple. We can all learn from this ,  OMG , this story is so compelling. We have watched your videos for years and this just breaks our HEARTS. This couple is truly talented and remarkable they have shared their stories good or bad for many years. WE ALL wish both of you all our LOVE and positive prays. Take Care Bec and stay positive. BT Barrie,Ontario
Dear Bec it's ok to be scared sometimes, it's ok  to not smile it's ok not to be the life and soul of the party you know why? Because you're very sick at the moment so allow yourself some slack sweetie. Yes you are going to feel crap for a while until you finish chemo but if you just allow yourself to rest and not consider it to be bad because actually resting means your body can heal and that's good right? It may seem like a long time but when you consider this will allow you the rest of your life it's actually not so long. One thing you will start having hot flushes and you may not want to wear a hot wig just be prepared for that. You're beautiful girl so having no hair will not change that honestly. Love to you and take care.💖💖💖
Thank you for sharing your journey, you are both such amazing souls ❤️
This is really hard to watch after reading "A challenging second opinion" by John A. McDougall. Because of how he just hits you with everything that's really going on.
So much love! You both are teaching me what true gratitude is. Not just the easy stuff but the feel it to your core, coming from every pore, lovely, genuine gratitude. Thank you.
Lifting you up in prayer for healing in Jesus name ❤🙏🙏🙏
It’s amazing how life works, you guys have been travelling for years on the road and decided to buy property and build a home for yourselves. Jump forward to now and thank goodness you have this haven to come back too when you are feeling down or sick. We may not know why things are happening but everything happens for a reason. I’m sending you so much love Eamon and Bec ❤️❤️❤️
I don't know you except through social media.  You need to understand that many of us love your story and care about you even if we don't know you.  I have no one going through cancer right now and I don't have it--however your story is so strong for all of us in many ways.  I can't use the term "I love you" as I don't know you, but there is some other feeling that I have no words for to tell you how much I feel for you both in these days.  It must be human, but know some kind of positive vibration is being sent your way.  I wish I had something incredibly uplifting to tell you, but I am only a mere small individual telling you both that you matter.
One doesn’t experience self-transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates~ 🎈
CANCER has no rules. It will come for anyone. She’s a bitsh straight from HELL. I always said I won’t get cancer. It’s not even in my family, except my uncle. He smoked since he was 12 and got lung cancer. I was out of town and a gallbladder attack sent me to the ER. They figured out the gallbladder but things weren’t right. So ,I was admitted to the hospital. They finally figured out I had kidney cancer around 9 pm. I had a 17 and 19 year old daughters at home. My surgery was scheduled for 6am. Possibly saying goodbye to them over the phone was horrible. I survived. Thankfully.... You get to fight. And have an amazing supportive family around you. It’s ok to feel angry, sad, happy etc.....Feel it and keep fighting. People you don’t even know are rooting for you. You guys have helped me through the death of my daughter. Seeing you guys living your life’s and bringing us along for the ride has been amazing. Fight like a girl. And when your tired let Eamon carry you. Thank you guys for continuing to bring us along.
Such a beautiful family. Sending much love and support your way. 🤎🤎
HI! I feel you 100, im a stage 4 tongue cancer survivor - and all they told me was it was bad luck. I don't smoke, rarely drink and HPV negative - i had no reason to get cancer and i did. After surgery, losing half my tongue plus chemo and radiation - i am not 5 years post!! i know when you're in the middle of it all it seems so dark and daunting; but remember everything you did before you were diagnosed is what will keep your body resilient while you're in treatment.  I know you both are so active - but the beggest gift you can give to yourselves right now is grace.  Grace on the days your too tired to do anything but lay around, grace on the days your too sick to eat and can barely have tea, and grace on the days where you feel like giving up.  Trust the process, trust in your body.  As odd as it sounds everytime i went into treatment i sent my cancer love - i would say "l love you, and thank you for showing up in my life to show me a lesson i currently don't understand, but it's time for you to go you're no longer welcome in my space".  I am sending you so much healing vibes and truly am available to chat with, i know our cancers are different - but please know you're not alone in everything you both are feeling. <3
❤️❤️❤️
Bec and Eamon I am so incredibly inspired by your strength and ability to feel every emotion of this process. The ups and downs and all around <3
Bec, there is no right or wrong way to feel throughout this experience. Sharing whatever you & Eamon are feeling should just be a therapeutic release. Please don’t worry about how others perceive it. This is your story and as you said you will have good days & bad. I’m glad to hear your finding little things to be grateful for. I wish you a speedy recovery & lots of well wishes from outside Houston, TX. God bless you & your loved ones
You documenting ur experience is great. This could help shift so many mind sets about keeping positive during a not to positive experience. Ur strong and amazing!!
At around 27 mins in Bec you say you can't believe you have to feel sick to get better. Remember that anything worth having in life comes as a result of a struggle. To enjoy a life with no financial worries we must first deprive ourselves of luxuries to enjoy the fruits of our labours later. To get to the top in our careers we must put in the grunt work first. Everything worth having comes after a struggle. This is your struggle and what is coming after is going to be amazing. I'm in awe of both of your attitudes throughout this. I'm currently full time carer for my mother in law who has triple negative breast cancer. So I relate in a way, even down to giving the injection after chemo to stimulate white blood cell production. You're coping amazingly and I'm sending you all the love, light and healing vibes I possibly can x
Please have a look at the series “The Truth About Cancer”. We think it could help you through this very tough times. Sending love and best wishes for perfect health.
Sending love and healing
Your past 3 videos have taught me to just live and stop worrying about what I should do next and focus on what I want. To stop worrying about the what if's because life is full of what if's, I don't even believe in a god. Yet, I still find myself praying for Bec to beat this.
We went through it with my husband. It took him two years and two attempts to stop lymphoma. What I want to say is - you can do it! Whenever you feel down, try to remember - it's temporary, it will pass, you're here, and you're now. You got it.
You guys are so strong!! I admire your strength and positivity! ❤️✨ you got this!
Sending lots of positive energy to both of you... thank you for sharing your journey and being so honest. I love watching you guys on every adventure and this is just another adventure. It's the journey not the destination that matters. <3
Stay strong !!
I carry you guys in my heart.  As a carrier of a cancer gene (LFS) and a cancer survivor/fighter, I completely understand. Every emotion on this journey is valid and has to be recognized. So love that you also celebrate the joyful moments throughout it all.  They are the treasures we give to ourselves and our loved ones.  Sending you love and light.  ✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨
The "why me" questions never go away... When you are first diagnosed you ask why me? What did I do to deserve this illness? Why am I being punished? What could I have done differently?... Once you beat it you ask why me? Why am I the one to survive when so many lose their battle? As a stage 4 pediatric cancer survivor I struggle with the survivor's guilt every day. I see little ones earning their wings and would do anything to trade places. When my mom was diagnosed with breast cancer over a decade ago all of the fear and anger and depression hit me really hard. I've been 40 years without cancer in my body, but I'll never truly be cancer free.
You’re an inspiration! Sending you all the good and healing vibes! If you look back, you’ll see that the universe has been supporting you all along. Imagine if you were out of the country living in a van right now, this would be so much harder - finding good care, having a place to rest, etc. Here you are with a gorgeous home base. You were given the time to “nest” and turn it into a healing haven in nature. You have what looks like an amazing care team (and you’re Canadian so you aren’t bankrupt like so many Americans at this stage in treatment). You have the best partner by your side. Your focus on gratitude is spot on, and looking from the outside I see how the universe gave you all of these blessings right on time. Hang in there, you’ve got this.
Rooting for your Bec + Eamon! You both are so incredibly strong and brave. You got this! My family is sending you all our love and healing vibes. We don't know you personally, but we love you!
The bangs really fit you so good! And when your hair grows back again you have a perfect opportunity  to try som other hairstyles
Prayers coming your way.
I am sending prayers and hugs to both of you.
🙏🏼🙏🏼♥️♥️
Bec, you are a fighter! I shared the same feelings of frustration why or how I got Stage IV lung cancer other than bad luck. I  felt great,  except for a seizure that led to the brain scan that started my cancer journey last Jan. Treatment sucks,  but leading a healthy lifestyle and being mindful and centered helps getting back to feeling "normal" quicker between things.  You are brave to share your journey in the manner. Thank you!
Sending you so many prayers and healing thoughts. You both are so strong.
Alot of love ♥...GBU
Feel like we’re walking through this journey with you 🥺 All of the love & prayers continue to be sent your way Eamon ❤️🙏🏼
I know nothing I can write here will make any of your healing journey easier so I'm just going to say that I love you and Eamon and I send healing wishes up to you every day.
Hi Bec's, I know this is just your 1st session but you are doing really well, stay strong! and Eamon you are such a lovely caring nurse. Sending positive hugs. I must say I love your big bear he is so gorgeous!!. Stay Safe, Hugs UK
I had cut off 12 inches of my hair a few years ago but never donated it. Any chance you're taking donations for making your wig?
Love and courage from a very quiet yet faithful follower! I am thinking of you daily. This video gave me the motivation and the kick in the butt I needed for months. Thanks to both of you for being inspiring even at your lowest...
Surprised no one is connecting this to the vaccine, considering there's been a huge increase in different types of cancers and miscarriages, heart problems as well, since they started vaccinating ppl for covid..in any case best of luck to you Bec, stay strong & positive🤞
No positive message here, just sending loads of Love ❤❤❤ take it all!
Thinking of you both each day. Sending love & healing energy ❤️
Most powerful video you've done so far. It made me so emotional.
Sending love and positive thoughts❤️  You are a very strong lady and I know you will get through this ! What a blessing it is to have Eamon love you through all of this! It is clear he would do anything for you❤️
Praying that the Lord will heal you and give both of you strength   "Trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding; in all your ways submit to him, and he will make your paths straight." Proverbs 3:5-6
Bec, you are a ray of sunshine!!! Just wanted to send a big warm hug. I really appreciate your optimism and positive outlook.. continued prayers and love through this tiny chapter. We love you and Eamon and Osso!!
❤️❤️❤️🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
https://youtube.com/channel/UCZjeze2m_1DKbx2hZBwlrzw
Sending so much love to you both
So many people can learn from your positive outlook on life. Thank you for being my Monday morning reset and refresh. Praying for you both ✨✨✨
Y’all prob already know this but pot will help with the nausea and your appetite. Highly recommend.
Eamond your doing so much it must be hard well done 👏 becs love ya ❤️  girl,always thinking of u two
Please take those treasured positive moments you see each day and I hope you remember them in your time of struggle. I am so glad you have the love strength of Eamon, family, friends, and this community to lean on. Sending you some of my treasured positive moments to boost your own: sunshine creating a colorful prism on the kitchen floor while my dog tries to eat it, the smile that a baby gave me in the checkout line, the refreshment I feel from the first sip of cold lemon water when I was hot, the tingles I got from an unsuspecting hug from my husband, and the joy I felt when the crochet hat I made fit my kid.  Sending you all the positive vibes.  As a side note, I would love to send you and your liquid sunshine buddies warm fuzzy hats :)
So proud of you guys and Bec you're really brave to go through what you are and share this journey with your followers. It's great you have your furry friend to cheer you up too! Dogs just "know" when something isn't quite right or you're feeling crappy so it's great to have him as an extra emotional support (which they are for sure in general I think) Sending positive thoughts, vibes, ENERGY and Best wishes from London England for your swift recovery back to FULL HEALTH! 👍💪❤️🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Just remember you have an amazing angel looking over you, she is walking this walk with you the whole way. Guiding you have keeping you safe. Sending a lot of happy thoughts your way.
sending our love from South Africa Bec...lots of hugs and love, we are praying for you and your cute family babe
Bec you are such an amazing woman and you have an amazing man right by your side and the sweetest 🐕. I’m sending you both lots of love and prayers. We love you guys so so much. Thank you for taking us on this journey. Bec you got this 🤗 ❣️
You are in our thoughts and prayers.
Sending love and good vibes to both of you!! I can relate to everything you’re going through first hand and Bec you are so strong and you will get through this especially with the acceptance mindset you have! Getting out every day for a walk in nature no matter how awful or how cold was a saviour for me and I’m so happy to see you out there 😊 After your treatments make up a ginger, lemon and honey tea to help settle your stomach before nausea really sets in, it did wonders for me maybe it will help you too. Keep on swimming, this too shall pass ❤️
That goodbye moment outside the hospital got me teary. So brave.
I saw a comedian who had survived throat cancer. His take on chemo was, 'We're gonna poison you, and hope the cancer dies first'. My sister went through this and she agrees with the assessment. Take it easy on yourself.
I don't even know you outside of YouTube but I feel like I know you and you are in my thoughts everyday.  When I was diagnosed with Breast Cancer in 2016 (from a routine mammogram) I was devastated.  At first I was in denial, then I cried (a lot) and then I got busy fighting this damn thing.  At some point you will just give up on answering the question of "Why Me" and "How did I get this".  Genetic, environmental, who knows.  Focus on getting better and being grateful for the gift of another day to tell your story which might help save another.  I was surprised to find that women in their 20's were being diagnosed.  Check out Nalie on YouTube.  She helped me alot.  I will continue to send love and positive vibes your way.  You Got this Girl!
what kind of dog is oso?
Healing love and light sent your way Bec, stay strong and we will all keep sending strength and love your way....YOU GOT THIS!!!!
how does bec looks sooo good with any hair cut, gorgeous ❤❤❤
So proud of you both! Bec you got this💗💗💗 Sending you love and positive vibes!! P.s I love the new haircut Bec, it looks so good!
Wishing you all the love and the speediest recovery. You got this. Sending you so much love. I don't know if you want to know this but HER2 type breast cancer can be triggered amongst vegan/vegetarians because of phyto estrogens. If you have to consume a lot of protein i often told patients its safer to avoid soy based proteins, even certain lentils, vegan substitutes etc and just be a pescetarian. Wild caught fish or just eggs are a safer option. Some women are sensitive to phytoestrogen more so then others. I avoided soy products to be safer. Again I'm not giving medical advice. Its just something I thought I'd share.
If anyone can do this, guys, you can! Keep supporting each other and finding reasons to smile at each other. Take care
How do we send funny videos?
I haven't watched this yet but I've just beaten lymphoma and all I wanted to say was you got this. Its hard and it hurts physically and emotionally but you got it. Chemo is shit but beating cancer is the best feeling.
💕💕💕
You can do this Bec your amazing and your so so strong and have amazing support around you sending you lots of love and hugs ❤️ your cook book is amazing by the way guys thankyou! my partner got it for me for valentines best present ever!
Best of luck. Love ❤️ and positive vibes. As an 8 1/2 year blood/bone cancer patient I know chemo very well. I know the nauseous and horrible feelings you’re going to have but think of it this way it’s all for the good. It’s a tough road but you’ll be fine just be strong and be positive that’s what kept me alive for 8 1/2 years. And surround yourself with Eamon and family. You are well loved. God Bless ❤️🙏
You are absolutely incredible 💕 sending you all the strength and love in the world. Thank you for letting us have a small glimpse of what you’re going through. I know it’s just a small part of all the ebbs and flows of your journey, but man are you making a difference ❤️
Wow I sobbed for the entire video. You’re so amazing Bec. You go girl! 🙌💓 you’re gonna do great and this will be just a memory one day. I Love you guys!! And it’s such a blessing that you two have Oso to accompany on this Journey 🐻♥️
🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
Just poor you…. Poor poor you. So tired of these privileged people. You should see someone whose really sick… 5 months of chemotherapy…. Your lucky.
So much love to you both..Hubby and I watching..teary..sending healing vibes all my meditations will be for you both...so weird to feel connected to people you have never met..warm hugs from Montana
Hey guys, this is completely off topic but was wondering what your propane consumption was now that the "cottage" is insulated. I remember your house tour earlier in the year you said that you ran out of propane with those 4 huge tanks. Wondering what the consumption is now that it's basically finished. btw, you both are so fearless to put this out there. I know that this video is curated to some degree but it takes guts to put your life out there like this.
I love the rawness of these videos
You got this girl!There is nothing like love it helps you through….
Sending so much love to you guys!
This video made me want to smile and cry all at the same time. So much love for you both, Love you guys!
Bec consider trying acupuncture appointments to help treat the symptoms you are experiencing ❤️ sending love
Pray that you will be well and healthy.
So beautiful Bec! You are truly one of a kind. Your positivity is so inspiring and it’s showing how hard this can be for people who have never had to experience such a tragedy. Sending you love and good vibes. 💗💗
You are in my prayers daily - both of you. ❤️
You should look into the infrared or red light therapy. Also called mitochondria light. Some of my family has lymes disease and they all use this light and it basically helps stimulate your cells. There is so many benefits when you use it. We’re all so proud of you and we can’t wait to watch the last video when you are all done with this soon!  ❤️ Its crazy to see so many people here supporting you. You are both doing amazing!!!!
I started watching your channel 2 years ago and love ❤️ you both 😍 Keep fighting Bec 😘 🙏🏻
hi love eamon & bec  io non parlo inglese ma voglio fare un grande augurio a bec perche guarisca presto un grande bacio dall'italia ciao
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I went through this last year as a 34 year old woman. I was diagnosed last year with Stage 2 TNBC  due to a BRACA1 mutation. I went through 16 rounds of chemo and reconstruction surgery. You’ve been on my mind since stumbling across your fist video. Praying and sending you lots of love. You’ve got this!!
there's nothing more inspiring than you too loving each other no matter what😊😊❤❤
I love you two so much, and i admire your bravery and I’m confident about that everything will be alright and you will remember this just as a bad time of your life, and at the same time make the two of you stronger.
Healing thoughts and prayers! Bear is a lucky boy! His story? Absolutely love you hair cut! When this over you will have to decide, do you like it long or short better!
It makes me so happy that you have brought in Oso!  He seems like such a gentle soul and I swear dogs have healing powers ❤️ sending you healing and love
Dear Eamon and Bec...sending you a heartfelt hug as you embark on this medical journey. I am so so impressed on how you are handing everything and taking the steps to having a family, receiving therapy...it is truly remarkable. I have been watching the two of you since the pandemic hit and just felt compelled to reach out to you. I too have felt this fear that Eamon is feeling, as the caregiver to my husband of now 42+ years. July 2012-May 2013 my husband battled esophageal cancer and had open heart surgery to repair his mitral valve and happy to report that we are enjoying a phenomenal life. Thank you for sharing your journey...love your positive attitudes and know that you are in both in our thoughts and prayers, Sylvine (Windsor, ON) 🙏 ❤
I want to shout out to eamon for giving you space to heal and also being right there for you. Bless your heart eamon. Bec keep your heart light though these treatment, you are strong. Thank you for being vulnerable in the internet.
I cried through this video.  Took me back to watching my husband go through his 8 rounds of chemo treatments.  Bec, do whatever you need to.  If you just need to cry, don't feel bad for doing that.  Eamon, you are doing great!  I know you want to be strong for Bec, but it's ok to take some time to acknowledge your own struggle with this.  There will be days that it's so hard to watch Bec go through this and you may also need to just cry and that's ok.  You are both such positive wonderful people you will get through this.  Love you both.💓
I did not attend any support meetings.  I decided to forge ahead not think about  cancer.   I had a very young son and he was my focus.
I suggest silk pillow cases for ur head once you start losing hair and I am sorry u have to go through this 😔 and I hope u get better soon
Sending love and light! Wishing you strength an fb healing.
I am having a really rough morning... thank you for the reminder of how precious life is.
My Great Aunt healed from breast cancer and has had no relapses for over 30 years she said it was just a bump in the road ❤️ sending you guys love from Vancouver
love you guys ❤️ while going through health issues, time passes really slowly.  but before you know it, this period will also be in the past
Praying in Jesus name for healing and peace during this time! 💖
your feeling sick because its a poison... why do you need to remove the breast.. once removal the mother cell can transfer around the body. Then it shows in other areas.. why not keep it in the same spot and finish chemo and you can start now even fenbendazole. Your doctors most likely agree from all the thousands in the comments in the groups.. but then some say yes go for it.. its tasteless.. it has rid so many cancers that are all over the body including brain like my friend like I told you... maybe just keep your breast.. join the group and ask around... talk to others have gone before you... its a great idea..and great backup plan.. dont rely on chemo long term... i mean like ten years..it wont hurt to at least ask questions and find out more.. cheers to you.. I wish only the best healthiest outcome for your both
So encouraged by you Bec. Your radiating positivity is incredible. Praying healing over you and over Eamon as you walk through this season of healing. ❤️
You got this !
Big hugs 🤗 you are amazing! Sending lots of love, prayers and positive energy your way!
hey bec you are brave for showing us all this when you didn't have to (especially at the 17 min mark. eamon was like what do you need? or what can i do? and your like no stay away i knew that wasn't good with that bowl  we all knew you had been throwing up) i cried with you there cuz most times when im sick like that i do that too but i also laughed with you too when your like im feeling better and my mom and sister are coming to stay and help along with their dog eamon goes yea their brothers but don't know it yet haha....that moment your like OH NOOOO iv'e been around dogs my whole life so when i see people making videos or on tv cuz the dogs don't know their meeting another dog it always goes bad and gets too much then they just want to kill, but im glad that didn't happen here as you showed the dogs were growing on each other then you even showed us they were playing that went better than i thought i vote have your mom and sister around more so we can see them playing more their going to be just fine. eamon bear wasn't trying to leave that was mean making the dog follow you don't do that he saw bec stopped to touch that tree he turned around making sure she was ok that's why dogs rule he's a very good dog so bec i laughed and cried with you i hate that you cut your hair but i understand why plus it's alot to handle trust me remember the last video i said after finding out i had that brain tumor in 2015 i learned i'd have to get mri's every few months so i get it having them put iv'es in you and checking everything i hate those machines but see you have eamon when i come home it's just me i hope i get to meet you guys and the dog too
Sending all my love support and prayers from UK, proud of you both for being so strong and brave, keep the faith xx
A fellow you tuber I watch says "be more dog" and you made me giggle. On spot with being in the moment.
Those few moments before going into treatment were so sweet. Keeping you both in my thoughts and prayers. Thank you for sharing this journey with us 🙏🏽. Love and hope will get you through!! 🥰
Your haircut is SO FLIPPING CUTE!!! you are strong. You are a champion. You are victorious!
🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰😍😍😍😍😍
You are in my prayers and thoughts! You are such a strong woman and definitely somebody to look up to on this journey you’re taking. I was in Eamon’s shoes two years ago when my sister was going through chemo for her breast cancer. You have a wonderful support team! Sending healing vibes from the mountains of Western North Carolina❤️❤️
Thinking of both of you 💚
good job gays GOD BLESS you keep it up
This video is so wholesome ❤️ Thank you for sharing it , I hope and pray that everything will work out for the best. Love you guys
You got this, just think of how many years you have left. Power through it and don't be hard on yourself!!
☘️💛
All the best Bec, you can do this!
Oh  Bec, you poor baby, I still can’t believe you have to go through this.  This is so unfair considering how healthy your lifestyle is. Eamon is your rock and we are all rooting for you two to get through this.
Your openness with each other through all of this will help you guys so much through all of this.
You both have so much positive vibes good on you both.  I wish I had to document everything when I heard the c word.
Bec, you inspire me. You are so strong. I know you have your tough days but you are handling it well. Thank God for Eamon. Love you both. Hugs and prayers to you both.
I have been following you two for quite some time now and this new journey has really affected me. When I was much younger, my boss (who I was close to) had leukemia and when he started chemo, he had virtually no reaction. This may sound weird but I'm so glad you had a reaction almost immediately becausde it means its working. My boss only had a reaction on his second major treatment and ultimately things didn't work out for him. Stay strong Bec! You will conquer this demon and return to full health. I just know it!!!!
You might get some comfort from following Tiffanythinks. Her journey through chemo and now radiation.
When you both said how you were not just anxious before day one but also excited, I felt that. In the weeks leading up to my surgery, I'm of course also thinking about the possible side effects and what could go wrong, but I also want to get started because it's one step closer to health.  Thank you so much for sharing this journey with us. I feel like this is one of the most meaningful video series on YouTube right now.
Love you guys. Always thinking of you and sending positive vibes.  So proud of you, you can do this!
I spent hours with my brother while he fought his cancer while hooked up to the drugs they poured in him.  Humor plus talking & planning about what we will do after he recovers got us through.  Keep thinking and planning the future.  Brother Bob is well & golfing now plus beating me like a drum.  Don't understand why Emon can't be with you?
Continuing my love and prayers for you both and your families! You’re both so strong!
Hang in there, Bec. Be ready to change your whole diet after you beat this.
The. Best you could do is getting to foster a dog. The love 💗 bec you are incredible! Sending healing energy your way 💗💗💗💗
Bec you are such a warrior! Sending all the healing vibes I can your way ❤️❤️
You are helping so many people with this journey😀 I’m sending you and your family all the love xx
Lee is watching over you 😘 take care both of you!
Thank you for sharing your journey so authentically - you are loved, you are strong, you will recover quickly ☀️you got this you two ❤️
Love to yas babes1💋💋💋🙏🙏🙏
We are with you Bec ❤️ you are going to come out healthier, stronger, and happier from this experience and 5 months is really just a blip in the timeline of life. and you are so full of blessings especially in Eamon's constant love and support. He is a gem of a human being and exudes calm. I cannot imagine how people have to go through all this all alone, or in places where the treatment also comes with massive debt and financial worry.
You two are so inspirational! well done Bec you're a trooper also being able to be honest about everything good and bad. If you can at one point, I would love to hear what energy type work/therapies you did to prepare yourself for the liquid sunshine mindset! I love that you're both positive, but also realistic at same time. that's called having courage! Lots of love from The Netherlands
I’m mostly happy that you guys have a warm, comfortable, beautiful home of your own as a place for Bec to relax and heal.  You unknowingly established a cocoon at the perfect time. Sending you both love and healing vibes. ❤️
Thank you for sharing your story. I love you and Eamon so much ❤️❤️ I’m sending so much positivity and love your way everyday
I cried so many tears watching this. Tears of sadness, of love, of hope and pride!  You are so bloody strong! Thank you for sharing this moment in time with us all! Love from Nova Scotia!!!
The absolute BEST way to describe “feeling all the feels”, we are behind you!  Way to go for showing us your strength and struggles, you are inspiring.
I send you so much love from AZ. Those "back to school" clothes looks so comfy. Where did you get the set? Your positivity  is inspiring!
Thank you so much for making these videos. I’ve never seen what this process is like for someone.
Sending u virtual support. Thinking of u a lot. I really like how you reshape everything into positive, I'm trying to apply it to my life too. very powerful.
God be with you every step.of the way sweetheart! You are doing great keeping a positive attitude. We are all praying for you!
God be with you every step.of the way sweetheart! You are doing great keeping a positive attitude. We are all praying for you!
JESUS CHRIST LOVES AND I DO TOO, KEEP AWAY FROM EVIL BECAUSE HEAVEN AND HELL ARE REAL!!!!!
Sending you so much healing, love, positivity, and every other good thing in this world. You both are so strong. You’ve got this Bec! 🙏🏼🧡🌻
You are amazing Bec. And what a blessing Eamon has been during this process. You got this. You are so strong and beautiful inside and out. Let the liquid sunshine do its magic and heal your body. Sending all our love prayers and good vibes to your from south Carolina.
Hi guys, so sorry to hear you are going through this.  I would like to suggest you follow and watch Dr. Berg's videos on cancer on YT.  I have followed him for over 10 years, and he provides info you will find useful.  Also, if you are on a plant based diet, then be careful with consuming too much soy as that mimics estrogen which can lead to breast cancer.  Soy is found in fake meat patties and things like that.  Unless it is organic, then it is of the GMO kind which should be completely avoided as gmo's change your gut bacteria where 80% of your immune system is.
You both are amazing. Know that there is a massive amount of strangers who feel like family pulling for you and sending lots of love, healing and good karma your way.
Sending you guys LOTS of love and positivity. You got this ❤️
Just do it, because you can. Each time it will be better and easier. Keep going, keep smiling and keep believing. Remember you are the one who win when you was formed in your mum's body. You will win this one as well.
Praying for y’all! 🙏❤️
You are so strong. You got this. ❤ Sending you both love.
Hey Bec. I have had chemo for breast cancer and the best description I read is that it is vile but doable. I understand your worries about being able to get through the next five months but you can do it. Try and get into a routine, and get outside even if only for five minutes at a time. Thinking of you both and sending positive thoughts. Xx
😄 much love sent!
I donate my hair about every two years, and it gets more important everytime I hear stories like this.
Me and my family have been keeping you in our thoughts and prayers.   Bec sending ing all the positive thoughts we can your way!  Try to stay positive and always look on the bright side of life.
I can't explain how much I feel for you.  I had Cancer and I BEAT IT as you will too. I tried to make it look as I was OK with but inside the feeling where not as I showed on the outside. It's no picnic but in the end you will be stronger. GOD BLESS   Love you guys
So So So much love and light and positivity to you and Eamon. xo thinking of you
You GOT THIS!!!! Both of you do!! Lean INTO each other no matter how hard of a day you’re having. Remember the love and how powerful of a healer that is alone♥️♥️♥️♥️
Hey, I hope that you'll handle it well. Send so much love and hoping for your good health!
Prayers from Southern WV…stay strong,positive and keep telling yourself that you will not let this defeat or define you 💐🌻🌸🥀🌷🌺🌹
So very proud of you Bec , & Eamon 🤍 sending you soo much light and positive energy your way 🤗
Go girl🤍
🤍
🤍
Hey Bec, I also went through chemotherapy. I spent almost 3 months in hospital, taking drugs and recovering. It's been almost 3 years since it's all ended and I can imagine what you are going through. Every time you cry I see myself in a similar situation. I know you will make it and everything will be fine. You are young and strong. Be grateful for everyone close to you in this process - that's the lesson I learn by going through my treatment. When everything falls apart you have only them and nothing is more important than your loved ones.
You guys should have your new house checked & make sure there is nothing cancer causing. It could have Asbestos, mold or lead. It could be a number of things that caused it. Are environment is so polluted & even though companies claim food is Organic it’s not always the truth. It’s so weird how you got that with your diet & age. There’s so many things that have it including some counter tops. Maybe Washington is a better place where you can grow your own food so you know what’s in the food.
Bec, have you heard of cold caps? My friend had months of chemo as well and didn't lose any of her hair! Just want to make sure you've heard of that option <3 You look incredible with the short hair by the way.
Thank you for sharing and being so raw and vulnerable in this time. Cancer journey takes its toll on everyone but it's good to be mindful of the good things. Keep focus on the future and getting through one day at a time! There's more doggo parks around Kingston that are great and also trails to walk! Thank you guys again praying for you both and wishing you a great week ahead
❤️
Sending you lots of love and positive vibes. As I watch this it is four years today since my diagnosis and it reminded me of things I had forgotten such as that needle the day after treatment. You will get through this and it goes by surprisingly quickly. Keep being authentic you and look after each other xo
God bless you both. I love you. My heart is with you on your journey. You are an inspiration to us all❤️
TL;DR version:  One thing about your specific cancer you said was it was related to estrogen and a lightbulb went off for me that soy mimics estrogen in the body. I was once vegan after I got diagnosed with my Crohn's and had terrible acne and periods and flare ups in my GI tract and couldn't figure out where I was messing up. My nutritionist told me to avoid soy at all costs. I know it's often a staple in veganism, but I didn't know it was so harmful to woman. I guess because it's pretty much plant estrogen, a double dose.   I wanted to pass this along because it changed my health game just cutting this out. It's sneaky though, they use it as a filler in so many foods. You're so health conscious I know you guys probably see how many forms soy can take in food.   Longer version: My family and I have been watching your channel over a year now and so much of what you've been through hits close to home. My mom had breast cancer and my sister committed suicide both in a span of two years, and though it's not exactly the same thing you guys are going through it has parallels and is extremely traumatic.   After my sister's suicide I was diagnosed with Crohn's Disease and I can't help feel like the stress of it some how played a part in my health. The day of her funeral I couldn't stop throwing up.   I saw you were looking for answers as I was too ten years ago, literally searching out hard to find books and not really knowing what I was needing.   We live near Dallas (Texas) so luckily I found a naturopath/nutritionist/applied kinesiologist/chiropractor who gave me the hard truths I needed to face about environment and disease. She told me "Genetics loads the gun and environment pulls the trigger."  One thing about your specific cancer you said was it was related to estrogen and a lightbulb went off for me that soy mimics estrogen in the body. I was once vegan after I got diagnosed with my Crohn's and had terrible acne and periods and flare ups in my GI tract and couldn't figure out where I was messing up. My nutritionist told me to avoid soy at all costs. I know it's often a staple in veganism, but I didn't know it was so harmful to woman. I guess because it's pretty much plant estrogen, a double dose.   I wanted to pass this along because it changed my health game just cutting this out. It's sneaky though, they use it as a filler in so many foods. You're so health conscious I know you guys probably see how many forms soy can take in food.  You did everything right, this isn't your fault Bec! Most general doctors are uninformed about such things, I've been through a ton of well meaning doctors. But none that could fully give me the answers I was searching for.   I was so hesitant to post this, thinking it might not be received well, but I saw you searching and couldn't just skip over you. Maybe it's the right direction.   We really care about you guys and support you on your incredibly hard journey. Bec, you are so strong and brave and beautiful!  You guys don't deserve such hardships.
Bec!! I don’t know you personally but being on this journey with you i feel as though you’re my friend or family member. And i just have to say i am so proud of you! You’re handling this extremely well. Of course you’re gonna have bad days and ok days. But that’s all part of the process. Sending lots of love and positive vibes your way. You’re going to get through this!!! Also i love the short hair on you, it’s super cute!
I could only dream to be as strong as Bec. I’m sure the weight of everything gets heavy after so much overwhelming news. Just keep your head up and smile your beautiful smile every, single, day. Eamon you’re a very good man my friend. God bless you both. Better days are coming!❤️
❤
Thank you for reminding me how gratefull I am for my life, my body, my loved one. Sunshine and rain <3 What would it take for all this to be ease for you? :) sending contribution to both of you!
Recovery. It is just all the things - struggle, yuck, perseverance, wonder, sleep, boredom, gratitude, puking and Bec and Eamon's big big courage. Thank you for sharing, oh the gifts - insight, gratitude, laughter, strength, for us all. I don't know you Bec, but I love your generosity, bravery and light.
Sorry, I hope you get better fast and the treatment helps !!
Bec and Eamon your doing so amazing ❤️ so strong ❤️
I laughed out loud when you showed the toilet bowl I love you so much for that. Bestest of luck you two, you are in our thoughts 🥰
Sending loving support to you both ! You’re amazing and brave !
You have got this Bec with great support and a wonderful attitude. I was diagnosed in September 21 as well, Her2+. Is have had 12/16 liquid sunshine for now❤️Keep managing your symptoms and responding to your body it will tell you what you need. If your throat and mouth keep hitting try Aloe Vera Juice (buy some  from the health food store and keep it in the fridge... It is wonderfully soothing and good for your gut 💝
Keep it up guys!!! we’re rooting for you both ❤️❤️ kick cancers ass!!
God bless 🙌  both of you xx
Bec.. You can do this babe... Be strong and just keep that positive vibe because it does help with healing physically. Just all happy thought all the time. My sister also received C.. take step by step take plently of sleep and water.
We are proud of you Bec. You will be fine.
I say a prayer for you all everyday. Oso is your little guardian Angel
Mushrooms, castor oil packs, ASAP
My mum (from the UK) went through bc and come through the other side. She was like you always positive which helped, although a very tough thing to go through for her and the family. Best wishes x
Thoughts and love coming to you both!!! Eamon, remember to look after yourself as well as Bec!!!
What a f#$king champ you are Bec!  Keep fighting the good fight xx
Praying for you and your family at this time! Know that we have prayer chain around the World for quick healing ! Psalms 91 standing with you..Love JC🙌❤️😘🙏🙌🙌
One of the saddest parts is that you have to do this without Eamon in there with you. 😢
You look amazing. Keep going and am sure you  must be a huge support to others suffering the same physical and mental pain you're going through. You're such a great couple which is what I like the most about your channel. You re-instore faith in humanity.
🙏🏾
Cataluña Spain Barcelona Todo mi apoyo y fuerza esta contigo Bec,mucho animo tu pudes Bec.
Girl!!!!!!! Lovin the new hair!!!
Grace, class, bravery; you guys are the dynamic duo! My very best!
Thanks for the update and thanks for sharing this incredibly personal journey!! Been thinking about and praying for you two ❤️❤️❤️❤️ I am so glad you have Oso!!! Dogs are so healing ❤️‍🩹
Sending prayers for your complete healing Bec. Your personal nurse, (Eamon) is very attentive to your every need. I appreciate you both sharing your journeys, the good and the not so good. Sending good vibes to you both.
Huge hugs to you all. I wish you strength, love, surrender and so much healing. 💜
Send you lots and lots of prayers and love!🙏♥️
I'm sending you Hugs, love and beautiful days. Much love for both of you
All the best to you.  Have experience of cancer from within my own family, from multiple relatives.
I find it oddly Ironic that everyone I know that spouts "Organic" ends up with some kind of serious illness.  I am so empathetic to your plight and wish you guys the very best.  I hope if you take only one thing away from this...  It is that life can be too short to worry about things like "organic", and words like "healthy for you".  You guys live your lives and that is more important than terminology and opinion.  As long as you stay active and keep your metabolic rate up, you are doing all you can do.  There has been no true organic anything since the industrial revolution.  All the pollutants in the air are driven into our soil by the rain.  There is no end to mother nature's mutations.  Just be the best you can be and remember when it comes to the doctors, well you know what they say about opinions...        :)
I LOVE YOU BEC!!! (crying so much because i just KNOW how hard this is ) and seeing you be SO up beat about everything makes me want to rethink how i talk to myself daily (i have mental illness struggles, maybe not the same...BUT IT IS, in a way) Ive watched you guys for 4 years and IVE JUST LOVED YOUR VIDEOS...IM HERE IN MARYLAND SEINDING YOU ALL THE GOOD VIBES AND GOOD HEALING ENERGY!!! YOU WILL GET THROUGH THIS!
Hey my name is Julianna and I have recently been diagnosed with cellulitis. Its hard cause I feel fine for the most part. Just a swollen leg no biggie but the doctors are telling me that it is serious.  Even though I may not have cancer it is nice to see how positive you are and I appreciate you sharing your journey №
Much love and light being sent your way ... my thoughts are with you both in the fight to beat this battle with cancer
This video made me cry! I love you so much guys as if you were two friends of mine. I'm sure Bec will fully recover. I just wondered if you guys took the covid vaccine? As far as I know they're doing studies and seeing it might lead to cancer as side effect...Maybe it has nothing to do with but seeing Bec wondering about the origin, made me think about it. Sending so much love 🤍💫
Sending you all lots of love, hugs and prayers from Jodie in Melbourne Australia 🇦🇺💐❤️🐨
Sending so much prayers
So very proud of you both. I was on a therapeutic dose of methotrexate for 10 months, which meant I took two oral chemo tablets every Wednesday and was wrecked for three days afterwards BUT I son leaned into those down days and celebrated my four good days in the week. Your drug dose is much higher however soon you will be leaning into those power drug days and dancing on tables when the veil of fatigue lifts…. You have got this!!!
Praying for you 💕🙏🏻
You guys are so lovely and I am so glad I found you on here .   Tough times ahead but your attitude and all the love everyone has for you will see you through   Much love and best wishes ❤️❤️❤️
I just can't even imagine having to go through this, sending you so much love and positivity ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
The real kicker is Betty white ate a crap diet her entire life………..think about that for a minute.
I go in next week to get some cancer cells burnt off....we are hoping that enough to get rid of it but if not i will have to get a full hysterectomy along with chemo but if this is the case im sooo glad i have you to look up to for advice and wisdom i just love yall so much thanks for sharing your journey with us ive followed you for along time now and soooo confident you will fight this!!!
Thank you sharing your journey. I know you will help so many.  Naps are nonnegotiable. You are doing battle with cancer as you nap. Allowing your good cells to work with your liquid sunshine is your most important “job” right now, so rest knowing you’re doing exactly what you need to do.
Sending  so much love to you both, blessings and healing ❤️‍🩹
I pray for you for total healing and sending love from Australia # hugs 🌹🦋♥️💗🙏🙏
I love your positive attitude and how you’re working through all your emotions through this. Don’t let anyone tell you how to feel. Everyone’s journey is unique. When I went through infusions, my mom and I would walk into the hospital smiling. We knew I was going in to get healed. Every step of the way, every moment, I was getting better. Even though there were side effects, that also meant I was going to get better. I did get better, too! I was taken care of by the kindest nurses and doctors. They were all so supportive. You will heal like I did. 💕💕💕💕
You are a very strong couple.  My prayers are with you both during this journey 🙏 ❤
In this day and age, this shouldn't be happening to anyone, let alone you gorgeous Bec. X
Hi investigate about N acetyl Cysteine, wishing you the best for you😍😀😀
Bec you might want to check out Kris Carr, she has been dealing with cancer for years and she is very inspirational. Bec YOU ARE SOOO INSPIRATIONAL. As always you are so brave. I can't stop thinking about you guys and you are inspiring me to face my fears and stop hiding from life. I wish I had the words or more so knew the words to use to explain how you have changed my life and my mindset. I have so, so much love for both of you. Eamon you are doing an incredible job, you are both facing this situation with so much grace and strength.Just love you both, very,very special people
I haaaaaaaate cooking, but in an desperate attempt to support you and show some love I just bought your cookbook. Please let us know, if there‘s anything we can do to support you and put a smile on your face in these challenging times! Especially from far away! Sending all the positive vibes I have! You two got this!!
Thankyou for taking us on your chemo journey  bec,you will get through all of this, you've got such a great partner in eamon that is so supportive along with your family self and YouTube supporters, sending out healing vibes to you bec xxxx
Been Australian my brain doesn’t even comprehend those kinds of temperatures
Sending so much love to you both 🥰
Hello from Hawaii I've bin and am looking forward to it so much following your healing journey you guys are amazing people ❤️ and that being said sending all my love and prayers to you for a speedy healthy beautiful loving healing journey wishing you only the best and will most definitely be keeping up with watching your guys vlogs I loved it from the very start can't wait for more. Xoxo, Chris. 2/21/22 1:55am Hawaii time.
Sending you both so much love, strength and support. I think how you are sharing this journey is so powerful and has the potential to seriously help people.   Remember to be kind to yourselves as you navigate through this. We are all behind you ❤️
Feel better Bec,  Eamon, stay strong, everything will be fine at the end! Stay safe!
Sweet, precious Bec and dear Eamon ~ You guys are doing an amazing job of going one day at a time; of loving each other; of staying real, and simply gentle, open souls! We love you so, so much and are walking beside you on this journey towards wellness. Its so humbling to share in this life journey with you both. My 68year old sister was diagnosed just 3-4 weeks ago and it is indeed a privilege to be part of the support network for so many beautiful women just beginning their road to recovery and wellness.  I am so humbled by your strength, dignity, and your willingness to let us see the real moments when its possible. Bec, Darling girl, you're an earth Angel, with many precious moments and important tasks and roles ahead of you once you're well again. I look forward in such anticipation and joy for you as time goes by. Much love and gentle hugs from Australia to you both. xoxox
praying for you Bec 🙏 🇵🇭
Sending love.
Chin up, it will soon pass.
Thank you for sharing your raw and honest journey 💗
❤️
❤️🙏🏼🥰
sending love and positivity for the both of you. 🥰
Bec, you are so strong and amazing! Sending love to you both!
You are both SO brave- thank you for sharing your journey and being so transparent about this journey.  My thoughts and prayers for both of you!!!
I'm on AC at the moment too. My last one is tomorrow. I remember my first. I have done 16 rounds of chemo and I am scared and excited and relieved. Kind of the same way I felt the first time haha.   Praying for you both. May you find joy and peace in this journey, that it be kind to you and you be kind to yourselves.
Stay strong both of you!  Feel the power of all of us supporting your journey. ❤️
My oncologist once said “all you have to do is turn up “. Sometimes that’s all i could manage.   It’s okay to *not* do all the things you “should” be doing.   You will make it thru this Bec. One moment at a time.
❤️❤️❤️
I went to the ER on a Monday morning with sharp chest pain. After a few tests and a cat scan I was told I had a tumor on my pancreas. I asked the stupidest question,”How long have I got doc. He told me less than a year. That was in 2011. Obviously, they were wrong. I’m serious, try a little Mary Jane . It helps with the  appetite and spirit. Also, hard boiled eggs and bananas. Really any good fruit of your choice. YOU GOT THIS. ALSO, I JUST FINISHED RADIATION FOR CANCER OF THE LARYNX
My thoughts are with both of you right now! I've watched you guys on Youtube for many years and follow your beautiful story and life. Much LOVE TO YOU BOTH, your so brave and doing so well. All the best, love Amber xoxoxox
Thank you for sharing your story with us.  Try organic ginger shots for the Nausea.  It worked for me. Sending lots of love & prayers to you both!
you’re so strong and brave Bec. Thank you for being vulnerable and sharing this journey. Love you tons!  P.S. so, we keeping Oso? Lol
Bec, I had the same diagnosis in 2018 and I remember the first day of the Red Devil very well.  I had heard that cannabis oil was really helpful before chemo - to help you relax, etc.  I must have taken too much because I was basically off my face and laughing for much of the time … it certainly took my mind off anxious thoughts!  I did use the oil each time but lowered the dose - it did seem to work for me! Like you, I found the nurses and the other people having treatment amazing.  In Western Australia, where I am, brilliant free services are available for people going through treatment, which I found so, so helpful.  For example, every time I had chemo I was able to have a foot massage - the red devil had no chance in the face of a brilliant masseuse! - and a couple of times a month I also had reiki which, for me, was incredibly powerful and healing.  Something about the loving hands of a generous stranger sending out healing pulses just made me feel so zen - accepting and focused and positive.  I wonder if that is something that might be available for you - I think you might get a lot from it, too.  Anyway, I hate to think of you guys going through this. It certainly is is a life changing experience but, for what it’s worth, you learn a lot of stuff about yourself and others that will enrich your experience of the world - as hard as it is at times.  Lots of love to you - I think you are generous and amazing people!
Sending you both positive healing energy from Australia as you prepare for the coming rounds of chemo. You’ve got this Bec! ✨
Love your  cold weather  gear. Looking well in the cold. Keep  positive.
Hearing the Lumineers playing in your lovely kitchen is such a nice little ray of sunshine <3 all the best wishes to you both!
You are so strong and inspiring keep it up queen👸!!
You are doing amazing Bec such a warrior. I think osso is a great asset at this time because the way he made you both smile in this video is heartwarming, he came into your lives at the right moment. Stay strong Eamon an Bec!
Thank you once again for sharing your journey with us, the raw and real, the good, and the not so good side of you and Eamon’s life right now. You are both such special people💛 Sending healing prayers. and energy and loads of love💛
❤
❤️ ❤️ ❤️
❤❤❤
You can do this Bec!  <3 Sending you all the love, positivity and good luck to go through this time. Thanks for sharing your story,  I think it's a good thing to share because people still can learn about this side of life. PS if you are looking for answers, maybe GNM is something that can give them for you.
Hold on, guys. Hold on and never give up. Send you lots of love and support ❤️
Stay strong
Sending you both much love and positive vibes from the UK. My father-in-law also went through chemo, so I relate to everything that Bec is experiencing. I also feel for Eamon, as I know first hand what it is like to leave your better half at a hospital entrance and then try to not think about what is happening. Keep up with the positive thinking guys - I am sure that it will help to pull you both through. x
Bloody hell love you have more of a positive mindset then me I’ll say that much
Bec something to be great full for the wonderful scientist that work hard to find a cure every day one that hopefully won’t be as hard as what you are going through. And that you can show how well you can get with science and nature and love all the great things in the world.  It’s ok to have bad days they make the good so much better and sunshine needs rain to grow beautiful flowers of hope and wellness.
Sending much love to you, you are so strong ❤️
Soo much love from the Netherlands ❤️  thinking of you
🙏🏻💕🙏🏻💕 I went through 15 months of chemo at 16 years old. Hold strong.🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
So grateful that you have Oso....our Granddogs name too 😘😘😘😘
We love you guys too. We're praying for you Bec you will recover from this God bless 🙏
You keep on doing what you are doing , be kind to yourself ...and take good care of yourself s.....never stop fighting this bastard disease....As a survivor of cancer im sure that you will win....regards from Antwerp Belgium...al and mayuko
you guys are amazing. keeping you in my thoughts Bec <3
you are both so brave!  you can do this...
I have been in Eamon’s position as a carer for someone with cancer. It’s so hard watching a loved one go though various treatments and there’s nothing you can do to take the pain away.  Sadly, my husband passed away from a rare complication called leptomeningeal carcinoma. I know Bec will fight this and she will be just fine. Thinking of you both 💚
Sending a lot of love and massive positive energy to you ❤️ ❤️ from the Netherlands xx
You’re doing so well sweet girl ✨💕
💗Sending so much love your way and gratitude for sharing your story 💗🌻
So proud of both of you guys ! Eamon & Bec, from France again, I give you all the best wishes for this year and the future ! Love you !
Sending a million prayers of positivity, healing and vitality your way <3
Oso needs some boots too. Xoxo
I’m sending all positive thoughts, really appreciate the raw and real. You’re helping so many women going through this. I’m so appreciative of this video and appreciative of you. And I pray for you. And I know everything will be fine God has you Bec. Eamon I know it’s hard to see Bec going through this, I also pray for you. Prayers coming from Ohio.
❤️❤️❤️
Thanks to the both of you for sharing this journey with us! I lost my dad to lung and liver cancer about 5 years ago. Unfortunately, he and my mother both kept a lot of information from myself and my two siblings so that we wouldn't "worry." I don't feel like I got to be apart of his journey at all until 2 weeks before he passed away. It is still very raw for me and I miss him everyday. So I guess I'm saying thank you for sharing this part, the liquid sunshine, on this platform because I never got to see what it looked like! I'm so proud of both of you for being so positive and so supportive of each other! I have been following you guys for a little over 2 years. I have laughed with you, cried with you, celebrated with you, mourned with you and now I feel like I have this amazing opportunity to be a part something very monumental. Sending love hugs kisses and the bestest of the good vibe feelings to the both of you and your families from  KaTrina and her 5 rescue pit bulls from Toney Alabama!!!!
I hope everything goes well and i m sending positive energy! Your strength and love for each other is very inspiring and heartwarming!!
You guys are truly manifesting the days where your body is healed and stronger than ever, and you look back on the sunshine room reflecting on how far you have come together <3 it's beautiful to see and so inspiring xxx
Praying for you. You will beat this!
All the best Bec miss watching you guys every week kick this cancers butt beautiful
You guys are so raw and real. We are sending you loads of prayers and positive energy for a swift recovery! Inshallah!
Sending love and support your way.
With every video, I shed tears of love, pride, and best wishes for and with you Bec! You are a warrior!
You are Beautiful  !!! Think about you daily and am sending strength vibes to you both <3
With you all the way Bec and Eamon. Love you both and praying for peace, strength and hope in the journey to healing!
hey bec, have you be informed about immunotherapy ?  did you know that the "Princess Margaret Cancer Centre" in toronto is one of the best cancer centre's in the world ? may you are still in contact with them...?!  so all the best from germany !
❤🌻
Praying for you Bec❤️❤️❤️
Hi, I just saw your last video. Thanks so much for sharing. It is Feb 21 5:18am. I Had lung surgey to remove a nodule in my lung on Feb 14th. It has been extremely hard.  i am on oxygen 24/7. I am so happy to be home. I will see myy Dr. on Wed. hopefully to get the results. You are both strong and will get thru it.💖🙏🙏🌷🦋
So proud of both of you, you inspire me to keep going when I don’t want to. Can’t wait to  continue this beautiful journey with you!!❤️
Sending love ❤️❤️❤️
My mum went trough this in 2020, I am sending you positive vibes and best wishes☺️ you will get trough this as well ❤️
Will you keep Bear?
love to see how strong yo
i love you guys because its hard for me to see yous go through this love you bec
I waited everyday for you guys...It is so good to see you. I have never seen someone dealing with life in such a positive manner✌🙏💝
Sending love and positive thoughts and prayers for you all. F cancer.
Bec and Eamon...still hard to watch as this is very personal. You are both made for each other, and we can see the love and it and will keep growing into the future, so much love from Darwin Australia💖..and your dog is absolutely beautiful.
Bec….Surrounding you with love, sunshine, faith and strength… you are the epitome of a female warrior xx
That is one of the most inspirational things I have ever scene. Stay brave!
I love the rawness, realness and positivity in these videos and you've got a huge YouTube fam all praying for you and sending you all positive vibes each day. I am so glad you have a beautiful home that was made perfect by you, as a safe and comfortable space while going through this 💕 💕
You guys are so courageous, as is everyone who undergoes this trip. It's an incredible life lesson, and sharing it honestly is a gift. I can sympathise with your journey because I, too, was thought to have cancer (uterine). After months of strenuous tests and examinations, they concluded it was fibroids and decided menopause would take care of them. I guess I dodged that bullet. Much peace. Archangel Rafael's got your back.
❤️love from Denmark 🇩🇰
Wow you both are amazing, so powerful this video, brave!!! What can l say.! Love to both of you.. ❤️🌻☀️☀️
You both are in my thoughts every day. You love each other so well. Take good care. You got this!!!
So unbelievably proud of you 💛 I was shocked when you told us of your cancer ........ My mother has just had a breast cancer diagnosis last week. This is raw for me to watch but I’m thankful that you are sharing this intimate part of your life. Thank you 🙏. Love and light  🌞  know that you are thought of often with love and all the good vibes coming your way
🙏♥️
Sending you both love and sunshine and positive vibes <3
Love you my Bec 🥰
I admire you so much Bec. You are taking this on with so much Grace. You both are a joy and inspiration. We (your youtube community) will be here for whatever tiny bit of support we can offer. Reading through some comments myself I can see how many wonderful people care so deeply about you guys. Sending so much love and prayers x
My mum survived non Hodgkin's lymphoma. She had nine months of chemotherapy. On the tenth year of being in remission she was diagnosed with breast Cancer. She had half her breast removed and seven lymph nodes from under her arm. This was followed by six weeks of radio therapy. She survived 🙏 You are a strong woman bec and your mind set is where it needs to be. Listen to your body while going through treatment, and if it tells you to sleep, then sleep. When we sleep we heal and repair physically. I absolutely love that you have chosen to share your journey. You could easily have slipped away for some months and no one would have held it against you. Your an inspiration to us all. Eamon, what can I say, your the best 🙏.. love and healing from Scotland UK ❤️❤️
Sending  Love, Light & Positive Healing Vibes 🙌🏻.  I would send a funny video but I’d fall and break a hip and no one wants to see that 🤣.    You are surrounded by so much love know that and soak in that love on liquid sunshine days  love you friend ❣️
Sending all the love in the world from Aus!!! 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
🧡❤️
Positive thought’s to you both.
I can't believe how strong you are ! Sending lots of love and power to get through all of this  And little side note: how cute is the dog ? He is a little angel!
Thinking of a old hymn “All your anxiety..All your cares..Bring to the Mercy Seat..Leave them there..Never a burden He does not bare..Never a Friend Like Jesus.” Storms come and go, so glad you have such a great support system of the two legged and four legged variety. 🇨🇦 Strong.
https://youtube.com/watch?v=KiwCEdUHW_M&feature=share
Yes, don't care how others see you and wonder if you should look happy. It's actually crazy to me that some people think: you have to feel blue, be depressed, cry all the time...otherwise you are not doing it right. Who tells us how we should look and feel like?! Our body, our soul... ♥  I want you to feel as much positivity as possible. :) And if you are down at some point, I feel positive and good for you.....then I send it to you, and it'll arrive at some point... just like Reiki. You are a badass woman. Big big hugs!
You guys are so precious. Sending much love an hugs from new zealand💛💜🤎
OMG you guys are so awesome ... i send you positive healing hugs x lots of guys x
I’m sorry. Good luck!
https://youtube.com/watch?v=ry-vWUQ7WyQ&feature=share
Sending love from Australia, Frank and I just adore you both Bec and Eamon
❤️
Prayer for u darling ,   ❤
Sending love to you both from the UK. 💕
Sending you love ❤️ praying for you 🙏
Wow... you're both so brave and amazing. I find myself crying just watching how resilient you are. Sending virtual hugs and healing energy from Umbria, Italy. And so so glad you have your lovely home and lovely pup. So funny as my little tiny dog Byron also communicates with little sneezes! xxx
Eamon & Bec, thank you for sharing your journey. Sending love and light to you both and Oso!  💛🦘 x
God bless you!  You are so lucky to have Eamon by your side taking such good care of you.  I appreciate you taking us on your journey as it helps me going thru mine.
You got this Bec ❤️💕🌷🌞 looking gorgeous like always. Hair cut suits you so well 😘it’s so neat seeing you guys around kingston in videos since born and raised here
Sending you all positive thoughts and lots of love to both of you.  I was able to keep a positive and open mind during my treatments. I think it helps.  Hugs.
sending you good energy, healing vibes and lots and lots of sunshine <3
When your head starts trying to take you places, do stuff, cook, listen to music, watch a movie! Bec I only tell you this because I learned from my mom - she was such a warrior! You are gonna get through this and have babies, live a full life! You’ve got this….I love y’all!!
I love this. Amazing. Amazing that you are willing to show so much. I’m sure it will help so many people who feel alone. My family has had their fair share of diagnosis recently, and one of them was a secret until the very end of the treatment so I’m truly enjoying you guys sharing this journey. I also must ask: are you guys keeping the puppy? He’s adorable and seems to bring so much joy and love to your life. Xoxo
Thank you for letting me follow your path. i have a genetic risk and am trying to deal with the issue. it is very inspiring and gives me strength. Greetings from Germany.
Sending all the love
I’m 10 years post BC, and I always found it ironic it that I was well until post mastectomy treatment of chemo and radiation therapy. Then five years hormone therapy. There’s hope Bec’s so sending positive thoughts and love to you on this journey xox
you are super strong Bec <3 you and pls get well soon with ur amazing smile .
First thought with the short hair- Natalie Wood!
Sending love ❤️ Bec looks like Sorelle Amore’s  twin with the bob. 💙🦋🐝🐞🌲🦔
❤️🏖☀️
Yeah Eamon and Bec.  I really liked how they shared with you you are both going through it.  I like the be grateful for one small thing daily. I shall be joining you in this.
I cry every video since you announced your diagnosis. I am so amazed by you both and I am thinking healing thoughts for you every day. So much love to you both! and your doggo too!
God Bless you Bec, Im right there with you going through the same thing just a little behind you for lung cancer.
Bec, I know you know this already, but I'm just going to say this again, you are an incredibly strong woman! You've gone through hardships, on purpose in your travels, that many of us would not have the courage to do. I'm just so glad that, if this had to happen, it didn't happen until you had your warm cozy beautiful home base all redone and ready to go. You now have a wonderful house, in a beautiful setting, that gives you a comforting place to be, as you go on this journey! Also, by the time you read this, you will have made it through more treatments, and have that many less to go! You can do this! You have so many comments that I doubt if you read my last one. But if you did, I'm the one who went through this journey with my best friend, I'll probably ever have. So I know as well as anyone who hasn't actually experienced first hand how tough this journey is. But they kept telling her, and I tell you now, just take it one day at a time. You don't have to redo yesterday, or deal with today, and tomorrow together. You just have to get through today. And I know you can. We're all here, sending you positive feelings, and for some of us, we're praying for you, too. And Eamon, that means you, as well! I know all too well, what you're doing isn't easy. And I'm glad you have supportive friends and family, you can reach out to if you need that. That way you can just be strong and positive with Bec. Know both of you, that you're in my thoughts everyday. And thank you both for taking time out to keep us informed on how you're doing!! ONE DAY AT A TIME!!
I am sending all of my love and prayers to you. You’re such a positive and happy soul and I know everything will be ok. Just stay strong 💪🏻 Much love and thank you for sharing your journey ❤️
Love and healing for both of you…and Oso, too ❤️
https://youtu.be/ZZCa2maNT1w
Thank you for sharing your story! Wow! I love your positive energy even when it’s such a hard thing you are going through!
Try to never question "why me?", "it's not fair, I live such a healthy lifestyle". Cancer is a b***h and it can happen to everybody. Try to be thankful for the lifestyle you chose and the way you prepared your body to be able to fight those evil cells and most importantly win this war. Sending lot's of strength!!!
Love your bob!  Love you both.  That's all I can truly say and truly mean.
We are here to support you! You do what you need to do we got you!!
what a great video, thank you for allowing us in at such a private time for you guys♥️My prayers are with you! State of mind is like almost the entire part of this journey so keep on keeping on! Bless you kids!!
Hey Bec don't beat yourself up about having cancer, there is literally nothing that can be done in the way of lifestyle that can 100% prevent cancer, it can happen to anyone at any age.  We all act like we are in control, but in reality none of us are, reality is chaos and we are tiny leaves in the winds of fate.
ANIME OPENING QUIZ IN 2021(VERY EASY FOR OTAKU) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ls7-oH0PcQY&ab_channel=KuroWolf
💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚sending you love and support
✨🤍🙏🏻
❤🧡💛💚💙💜🤎🖤🤍❤
Praying for you guys! We all know you are strong <3 Send all the love and strenght your way
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
I m a Buddhist monk... my prayers to u and ur family.... may u heal with lots of strength..... TA YA THA / OM BEKANDZE BEKANDZE / MAHA BEKANDZE RANDZA / SAMUDGATE SOHA. ( medicine buddha mantra).
Привет! Сижу и рыдаю вместе с вами... Я, конечно, понимаю, что вы наврядили прочитаете мой комментарий на русском, но я обязана высказаться и поддержать вас! Бек, ты женщина силой которой я просто восхищаюсь! Ты невероятна! Я желаю вам пройти этот нелегкий путь, поддерживая друг друга и придавая сил друг другу. Прекрасная пара, замечательная любовь! Время летит быстро, пусть это поскорее будет лишь неприятным воспоминанием. Держу за вас пальчики, смотрю каждое видео, ребята, вы удивительные! Спасибо, что делитесь своими эмоциями даже в такой непростой период! Посылаю вам живительную исцеляющую энергию со святых мест. Наилучшие пожелания из Израиля!
Month by month. Week by week. Day by day. Hour by hour. Minute by minute. Second by second.... until eight weeks have gone by. That's how you can do it. You don't have to do this all at once... just do it bit by bit until you feel a bit better. Then it will pass, it will be done. Just one day at a time guys. One day at a time. You are part way there now, getting closer to that day when it is all done and over with. If you think about it that's how we all live each and everyday, right now, anyway! Congrats on completing your first chemo day guys! : )
Thank you! thank you! thank you for sharing! The "tmi" moments are so important! Thank you!
Hey guys, I’m afraid I don’t have anything profound or wise to add, just wanted to send you all a tonne of love from the UK, thinking of you both xxx
Lifting you both up in prayer & sending love & positive energy every day. You got this, you’re kicking’ butt! 💪🏻💪🏻💕
I will have to admit that I didn’t watch last week video till today or Sunday. My mother died from complications from breast cancer back in 1975 so I had lots emotions connected these videos. At the same time I find them so inspirational. You both have such courage and I can’t imagine what editing the raw footage had been like. I am also impressed on how supportive you both are. Virtual hugs to both of you and your family as well. Take care.
Your both doing amazingly! Sending love and healing ♥️
I am beyond amazed by Becs positive attitude in each video. Truly amazing. My prayers go out to you every single day and I have you in my heart. So thankful that we are all welcome on this journey with you. Much love❤
First, I love you both.  That is easy.  But secondly, to see Bec check in for treatment, and not have Eamon at her side during that process - that really truly hurts.  I hope we all think about that.  Truly, think about it.  Loved the red pee by the way!  lol!  You will get through this.  Both of you will. I need to wait till the end of your videos to comment... but here is my conclusion... thank you for posting this!!!  Really, I'm understanding why you are doing this.  I'm sorry you are going through it, but I am damn sure I'm glad you are doing it.  My mom died of breast cancer.  So many women have.  So publish everything you can on this journey, please.  I'll conclude with my first words... I love you both.
I have had many family members undergo sunshine drink. Having a good attitude and pumping your body full of vegetable juice is giving your body the strength it needs to recover.
Loving your dog!!!!!
You are a extremely positive person Bec. I'm praying that you stay that way through all of this and thank you for sharing your story to so many. Also thank you Eamon for being the best person in Bec's life and helping her through this. Many prayers to you both.
You are both amazing, sending you love and light 💜
Sending you love and positive healing energy to you as you make this journey
I feel so sad for u, but also so jalouse that you have such a great lover! u are blessed with that! 🥰
Bec I'm so proud to be one of your followers, my 24 year old niece has literally just finished her course of chemo, and rang her bell (something done here in the UK after successful treatment), I know you can do this just like her, and then be able to ring your own bell, sending love to you from Chatham Kent England
Thanks for sharing your chemo experience with us. My mom recently has been diagnosed with cervical cancer and when she was about the finish her treatment she got covid because of her weak immune system and I got covid few days ago because of taking care of her. Hopefully my mom and you will get to finish the treatment with no issue. Positive thinking yea! Take care.
❤❤
https://youtu.be/GHIMASbscXA
Praying for your comfort and healing during this time Bec ♥️ sending you love from New Zealand XOXOXOX
I don't know you, but I've been thinking about you guys alot these last few months. You are great people, with a great mindset and the perfect surroundings to heal. Sending love, thoughts and good vibes from Belgium. 💕🌟
These videos are so emotional and raw! You guys are friggen amazing! Your attitudes and positivity is contagious and you's are spreading so much awareness around cancer by showing your journey. Sending love and strength to you guys. Adam and Maddy 💕
Bec you are amazing and inspirational - you’ve totally got this!
Hey Bec! Sending positive energy your way! Have you researched what foods you could be eating that contain toxins? Plants have built in defence mechanisms to protect themselves from being eaten. Mostly by giving off toxins. Chris Wark beat cancer through diet. Plants also still have a lot of sugar which feeds cancer. I’ve done a lot of study on different diets and oddly enough, people eating straight carnivore overcome pretty much everything healthwise. I know it’s probably not something you ever considered but look at it. I’m sure you’re researching everything.   You got this. You were born to conquer this!
You are such a sweet couple. I am praying so hard for you both, as you work your way through this journey together. Love and hugs to you both.
We are here for you! You are not alone! We are here!!!! Don't forget you have gotten all of us through some of the hardest days. My mom just died and I have never been alone through it because I have had you both to watch and be there. Now it is your turn!! You have all of us!Good thoughts! Lots of love! You got this.
💚
You both are such a joy in the hard times and all the sweet ones. You are both doing just amazing and I'm wishing you all the healing and comfort possible!
My heart screams out to both of you, you are going through your individual trauma.
Does anyone know their postal address to send a parcel? I’d love to send Bec something made by a charity in New Zealand, that helps patients sleep more comfortably post-op.
Eamon can cook ! You are so lucky to have such a loving partner… I wish you all the best and try to find happiness in the little things like you are doing today. If you want to know what the potential mastectomy is like or the re-construction and what to consider when getting your implants, let me know… i’ve been there …
hey, me too, each journey is different, what's important is to bring softness and consideration. Thanks for making your red pee red and whatever you choose to give up to us. Committed gentile, forever.  My dingo says WooFF
We love you Beck! You got this!
Definitely looooving the new hair cut!!! Suits you sooooo well !! ❤️❤️❤️
you are so strong sunshine
No sugar , cancer feeds off sugar.
Who loves Bec and amen like family me they are the best
You two are so strong!!!   Both of you,  it’s hard to get up that hill but you’ll turn this into normal and it will be so beautiful when you get all the new happiness down the road prayers and proud of the two of you !!!
Watching your journey and feeling lost for words at the challenges you have and are facing ,  Both of you .   All I can do is pray  For you both  May god reveal himself to you both  And heal you physically and emotionally   X
Good luck on your journey! I wish you nothing but the best and I hope everything goes well! 💜 Sending thoughts and prayers!
Hi  Bec god is good all the time. God pass his hand of power over your life and you will heal in the name of Jesus. everyone has a purpose in life and you will have your victory. love and a lot of faith for you especially for bec
I’m praying for a complete healing and that you rest in the Lord for He love’s you ❤️❤️❤️
what is ur diet for cancer? just greens?
You are in my thoughts and prayers  💕🙏💕🙏
Check out Dr Valter Longo and his studies on fasting.
Thinking of both of you. I've followed you for quite some time now. Bec, best of luck - you share a name with my daughter! You will do great as you have the entire community pulling for you and Eamon.
I made it until 14:15 without crying, but watching the tiny, fragile Bec walk alone into the hospital, and a treatment NO people want, and at the same time, a treatment that saves lives, and Eamon couldn't go with her, my tears just started running, for both of them -  and for ALL of you going through the hardest time of life, together and alone at the same time.   Yin and Yang of life.  ☯︎ With love and respect.  ❤🧡💛💚💙💜
Sending you guys nothing but good thoughts know you'll pull through this👍
You are such a beautiful sole!! Been thinking of you Bec and Pray for you also. what a great support you have Eemon and Bear!!
Bec, i know that I’m just a stranger idolizing you and Eamon from a far. but i want you to know that I am always including you in my prayers everyday. I always pray to God to heal you and for you to survive this obstacle. i know that you can do it. YOU HAVE A STRONG MIND AND BODY TO OVERCOME ALL THE PAIN. You have an incredible partner, Eamon , who will make sure that you got this and he will be with you until you become cancer free. And most of all, you have a strong foundation of support system. your family, your friends and of course, US!! your fans.. from ALL OVER THE WORLD. WE ARE YOUR PRAYER WARRIORS. also, LEE UP THERE IS ALSO WITH YOU BEC.. she’s your guardian angel.. you got this Bec. i love you so much. Eamon, you are such a wonderful guy.. no words can describe how I adore you as Bec’s fiance. she really in good hands. ❤️ again, i’m just a stranger.. from the Philippines 🇵🇭
Love you Bec..you've got this..just imagine how many people , besides you , that you are helping and how so very strong you will be..both of you..in 6 months time..there will be " no stopping you " .. much love ❤
💜
YOU two are human sunshine. Crying tears of sadness, love, hope, inspiration, all the things. You got this. We are all here, digitally holding your hand and sending all the healing energies through the cyber waves 🙌🏻 (that’s exactly what that emoji is right 🙌🏻🙌🏼🙌🏽🙌🏾🙌🏿) 💓💓💓💓
Inspirational, emotional, beautiful. I love you two so much as though you were my own kids that I'm feeling this all with you. You both should be so proud of yourselves. Just beautiful x x x
Hello, I hope you’ll read this, I have been doing my best during the last five years living my breast cancer experience, I’m so proud of you and I just want to tell you two things, first everything will be better and better, the experience really worths second, maybe eating soooo clean during this time isn’t the best idea, eat well and healthy but not much ,,, de intoxicating body  after chemo takes some time but isn’t so bad ,,,, bigggg hug love u
I wish you a quick and easy recovery!!
🥰🥰🇨🇦🤗🤗
You got this! 💕💗💕💗
I keep thanking you for letting us into your life. Honestly we appreciate your transparency. Here are my three things I am currently doing in the event of reducing cancer. 1. Alot of natural deodorant have "perfume" in the ingredients. I buy EWG certified products. 2. I have significantly reduced the amount of time I hold my cell phone. 3. Iodine helps reduce the estrogen from soy, so I've reduced soy and increased iodine. Sometimes though you do everything right and it still makes it into our lives. Cancer is a bit of a paradox. You are strong and healthy and you are doing everything you can to make sure that you are mentally and physically fit. We love you very much Bec. ❤️🌹Thank you for being you🙏🌸
The great struggle is where WE are… God bless you…
The ignorance of those that still don't know how to get rid of cancer... Get your body into ketosis. And stop feeding the cancer with anything yeast, sugar, carbs. Look up dr berg on this topic.
Hey bec and Eamon… bec you are so strong! You’ll be just fine. And when it’s all over you’ll be glad to have your handsome husband and your beautiful home you worked so hard for! Also my microwave broke last year and I decided not to buy another one. I never really felt comfortable with the idea of radiating my food anyways. And only one time I wished I had it and I got by just fine without it. Get rid of it. I really think it will be better for your health. In my opinion. You got this! Also: I love the linens in the sunshine room and the sofa pillows you brought from the van… do you remember where they are from?
I don’t know why this channel was suggested to me, but may you guys (whomever you are) heal from all this. Stay positive and look forward to the life after chemo 🤙🏾🤙🏾
Bec,  I am a liquid sunshine BC warrior myself, and Ive taken the same medicines you are currently taking. The first is the worst but you will find a new rhythm. I promise! You will absolutely find your joy while doing hard things. Big hugs!
I have loved sharing your love, hope, beautiful achieving non-stop…you are amazing beautiful, hopeful young people worthy of more then the J seems to associate…
I don't know why youtube thinks I give a fuck about random people blogging their life as if they matter at all. Everyone that watches this shit unironically is equally as empty and meaningless, don't feel as if there's any inherent meaning to a viewer count in this kind of content, it's entirely an echo chamber of vacuous shells of humanity that exist solely to be a statistic.
Your candor is amazing. I went through supporting my daughter who had breast cancer. My heart goes out to you and Eamon. Do you know if you will be given a port for them to administer the IVs?  It was so much easier on my daughter, than so many sticks and pricks.  Many of us  have been through this cancer battle. You will win this war!!!!
Spring is coming, so is your healing. xoxoxoxoxoxoxox
I want all the best outcomes for you both XO
You've got this Bec!! I have been on this journey with my mom, who has 2 separate cancers, NSCLC an RCC. Chemo had to be stopped, immunotherapy is still happening every 3 weeks. I am also following Joe Tippens protocol and learning so much from How to starve cancer and then kill it with ferroptosis by Jane McLelland. Jane also has a FB group.Praying for you xx and sending you buckets full of healing and positive energy xx
Know that you did nothing wrong! I kept telling myself I did something wrong. Check out Chris Wark. I have found his info helpful. Most importantly you & Bec do what you do best. You are a phenomenal team. Please keep using your amazing positivity. Do look to your friends and family for support. They all want to help but just do not know what to do for you. Both of you tell them what YOU need. Sending you love, positive, healing thoughts & prayers😘 Listen to your gut, both of you. Looking forward to your great adventures in healing and beyond.
I am sorry my best buddy of many years just died of metastatic breast cancer…in one of our last conversations she said she thought it was the jab…she was metastatic two weeks after thE.J…
First day of Liquid Sunshine was on Australia Day.  I hope all of our sunshine is with you through this journey.
You should consider marijuana as part of your recovery, either edibles, drops or even smoking weed will help you tremendously with nausea, appetite and an overall good mood. Eamon should make you some vegan weed brownies and please vlog hahahah
God Bless you sweet Bec…
You can do this!!!❤️❤️❤️
If there is someone out there believing in some good Gods, THIS is the time your Gods have to shine and show us, "Good things happen to good people"  ❤❤❤ By that, of course, I mean, Bec and Eamon will come out of this living hell even stronger, as they are the kind of people we NEED as inspiration to become the best version of ourselves!!
Praying 🙏🏼for you both. Just keep those 5 little embryo’s in mind as you go through this ordeal. Cars always “ smoke” in icy cold weather, its really not smoke 😁
Praying for the Lords healing of you!  Keep the positive attitude going as much as possible 🥰
I’ve been there sweetie when I was in my 30’s . Hang in there 😥! Love you guys!
You're amazing bec, you made it through the first one! Thinking of you both and wishing you happy healing vibrations. Your positive mindset and healthy lifestyle will surely be such a huge factor in your healing journey ❤ thank you for sharing your journey with the community.
All that traveling was a complete waste you guys should have started a family by now who knows if Bec’s gonna make it or not
Watching and crying all the way from 🇵🇭.. I admire you both for being such strong buddies.. 🙏 praying for your fast healing Bec.. sending my ♥ kisses for bud dog 🐶 😘
Thanks for sharing…we are here for you virtually and this helps anyone going through something difficult
I Bec, I couldn't imagine quimo was so hard... Thanks for sharing that. I recommend you to read Dr Hamer theories about the origin of cancer, it's interesting. Best whises to you 😊😊
Dear Bec, I have been following you and Eamon for a while now. I love your content and both of you! I loved that you both connected up with Kara and Nate, I follow them as well and love them too!! I have a physical disability that makes me bed bound a lot of the time, without a lot of energy so all of you have made it so that I can travel with you and experience things I won’t be able to myself.  Because of that, I feel compelled to write to you. I see what you are going through and it makes my heart ache for you. I have cried for you. I had a thought when I first found out about you getting cancer. Considering your lifestyle, I was surprised by it. But then I had this thought. You shared about your very close friend who had ended her own life.  Grief can be a devastating thing. And so, I wondered. I wondered if you have been able to fully handle the grief of the loss of your beloved friend? This is absolutely none of my business, really, but I truly feel that if don’t send you this, what if things don’t go well for you? What if just this short letter made some sort of impact and helped you in some small way?  Grief can act like a cancer within us. Killing us. I don’t presume in anyway to tell you how to take care of yourself, but I had the thought and because you have brought moments of joy and life to my life, I had to say something. Have you handled that loss?  I am wishing you the best. I think about you often, I truly hope you are not offended as this is not my intention. My intention is to flow you power and health and healing. I don't know how else to contact you so I have posted it here. Much love to you Bec and Eamon, Kim
Bec,be strongand most important be positive, the first thing they took away from my sister was SUGAR,seems that feeds cancer,it worked for her and her second Dr. Is a naturalist and she filled all his recom
We've been thinking about you both so much, I feel like I'm watching a close friend go through this. 💜
love! the bob is so cute btw
you are so strong & always in my thoughts… you will beat this !!
Sending you good vibes on your hard journey. You can do this.
What a woman you are Bec so strong positive, my thoughts and prays are with you.
I pray for you daily. I talk about your journey with my therapist and how you share your emotions and how it’s helping me share my thoughts and emotions and start to come out of my victim/trauma mindset. Bec you are a rockstar and very much a guiding light in my life right now. You are truly an angel from God, and I KNOW I am going to learn so much from you. As you walk your cancer/survivor journey and you share your highs and lows I will walk my victim of abuse and SURVIVOR journey. Truly you are an angel to me. My therapist is going to hear a lot about you.
Sending much love and positive energy Bec ❤🧡💛💚💙💜🤍
I believe the greatest form of love is shone to us by sacrifice. What we are willing to give up for the love of someone else. Too often and too frequently is life filled with bitterness, anger, hatred, and jealousy. Just imagine what kind of world it would be if we all loved one another, if we all cared, and had concern for each other. That we all did our best to make sure life was good for everyone.  That no one was homeless, that no one faced despair, rejection, or pains of loneliness and self-doubt. That there were no more wars, wars built on greed, and man's fear of each other, fear of the unknown. I think of the ultimate sacrifice when a carpenter named Jesus Christ from Bethlehem faced beatings, whippings, insults, injury, and crucifixion for our sins. who died so we could become righteous, to never again face the fear of death or the nightmares of the pains of hell ever again. a righteousness we could never earn unto ourselves, not based on our performance, but given to us as a gift of mercy. Call unto the Lord Jesus Christ, forsake your sins, believing with all your heart that he is the God who created heaven and earth, and he will gladly forgive you and welcome you unto the family of God forever. ''For God so loved the world that He gave His one and only Son, that everyone who believes in Him shall not perish but have eternal life'' John 3:16   "This know also, that in the last days perilous times shall come.  For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy,  Without natural affection, trucebreakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good,  Traitors, heady, highminded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God;  Having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof: from such turn away.  For of this sort are they which creep into houses, and lead captive silly women laden with sins, led away with divers lusts,  Ever learning, and never able to come to the knowledge of the truth"  2 Timothy 3:1-7  ''The Lord is not slack concerning His promise, as some count slackness, but is longsuffering toward us,  not willing that any should perish but that all should come to repentance'' 2 Peter 3:9
We love you both. Sorry my english is very bad but I will let you know this : you are beautiful people 🥰🥰 be proud of yourselves. ❣️❣️ I would so love to do more to support you in your fight.
Love, thoughts, and prayers for the both of you. l cannot stop thinking about you guys, how strong and brave you both are! I cannot imagine placing myself in your shoes, but I know that if anyone can fight the battle, its you Bec. I look up to you and see a lot of myself in you, and I KNOW you will overcome this to the best of your ability. Thank you for being so vulnerable and sharing your story. I'm rooting for you & I KNOW you will kick it in the butt!!!
Sending you positive vibes and love.
I’m so glad you have a dog in your live at present.  They bring you so much joy at the best of time, let alone in the worst. Love to you Bec!,
💚💚💚💚💚💚💚 I’m Sending Love💚💚💚💚💚💚💚 Sending Strength 💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚 Stay Connected, Strong and Positive 💚💚💚💚💚💚💚 And when you can’t… Don’t Forget to Let it Out (Scream, Cry, Break Something). It Helps When Medicine is Frustrating. 💚💚💚💚💚💚💚
Prayers for you and your family 🦋🥰💐 your going to beat it try to stay strong!
I’m watching the real Super Woman walking to face her battle! So brave, and so proud of you! ❤️
💕
Prayers going out to you guys. My godmother went through breast cancer and my mom was diagnosed with brain tumors, So I know you guys are scared and can be intimidated by this but know that everything will be ok. You guys are an amazing couple and so lovely. You bring our great vibes and I can only hope my relationship is as amazing and strong as yours. We are praying for you both and for a speedy recovery. Remember slow and steady wins the race, so take each day and make the best of it. ❤️❤️
I finished chemo December 15th for breast cancer at 27. It’s hard but you learn how to handle it better each round. You’ve got this guys!
Beautiful, Beautiful Bec, sending healing prayers your way. 🙏🏻 ❤️
Haven't stopped thinking about you both. The way you're handling all of this is amazing <3 Try not to beat yourself up for the negative moments, you deserve all the self-compassion in the world for dealing with this unforeseen challenge when you've always prioritized living a healthy lifestyle. 1 down!!! Sending all the good, positive healing vibes your way from Vancouver xx
Literally crying watching this 😅 your outlook is amazing
Check out Valter Longo longevity book. He did a study on cancer patients fasting before chemo.   “The human part of the study was much more limited: a group of cancer patients fasted for 1, 2, or 3 days prior to chemotherapy. The idea is that fasting might reduce the harmful side effects of chemotherapy, particularly the immunosuppression caused by some chemotherapeutic drugs. These results are very preliminary: the patients are participating in a phase I clinical trial, which is designed to assess safety, not effectiveness. Nonetheless, the results indicate that a 3-day fast (but not a 1-day fast) was beneficial for these patients.”
You will do this.... THANK YOU for sharing .....xooo
Keep fighting Bec!!!! You got this!!!!! Just take it day by day. Love you guys so much!!
Marijuana will take away nausea almost instantly.
Your gonna get through this, you’re both strong…..
❤️❤️❤️
I can recommend Ondasatron Wafers for nausea .. you probably have these already but if not, they just melt on your tongue and don’t hit your stomach so badly… worth a try … wishing you the best but I know you will kick it to the kerb x
Yes Bec I will pray for healing🙏🏼🙏🏼 and for the Lord to give you strength on this journey. Thank you for sharing this chapter of your life. Keep on being positive 😊❤️❤️❤️💓 God bless you and Eamon🥰
Wow. I don’t know how you find all that positivity. That’s crazy to me, but very very cool
Sending so much love and prayers to both of you xx
Thanks so much doing this video! I am so sorry for having to go through this. I wish you did not have to go through this! Or anyone. But on the other hand, I just found out yesterday that I have a decent chance of developing cancer in the next 5 years. So I thank you for this opportunity to experience this with you. I am the kind of person who needs to know everything ahead of time. I LOVE the liquid sunshine analogy. I hope I would be as positive as you guys are all the time, never mind going through this. I send my hugs, good thoughts, and prayers! Eamon you are a wonderful man to show her such support. Bec you are so so lucky to have someone who is so in love with you. Not all of us have that kind of support. Best wishes to you both!
We love you all so much !!!!
Dear Bec & Eamon, wow just wow. Thank you for sharing your journey with us. I know that you are being sent love and prayers daily and I am praying for you as well. Clearly thousands are watching and praying for your health. Bec you are so so brave to share this with the world. You have such a wonderful support team with family and Eamon is awesome!!!  Oso too!  Love and hugs to you!
Sending lots of love and positive energy to both of you. <3 <3 Have been thinking about both of you a lot, so glad the first step of this journey is over, and now it's just rinse and repeat. You've got this!
We are sending our prayers for God to give you strength during this time. . 🙏🏻🙏🏻❤️ We are praying for you daily and wishing you and Eamon well.  🙏🏻🙏🏻❤️
Thank you for sharing! Only way that we can send you energy from our hearts. Was crying like crazy yesterday for both of you. So hard for both of you. You are doing it great! Keep going! WE ARE HERE ♥️
My heart goes out to you, watching this reminds me of my Mothers struggle many years ago. Stay positive and soak in all the Love flowing towards you from all of us!  Lots of hugs n blessings sent to you!
Sending healing vibes ♥️ I LOVE the short hair with that bun on top .. looks super cute .. you rocked it ♥️ I love the way you put it, and it’s so true *you have to get sick to get better* .. your strong bec in so many ways you got this .. your doing it right love nature and nutrition 🧘🏼‍♀️ My nurse told me this  When you feel like you can’t do this for a year ..think a month.. when that feels too long think of  a week.. then day then hour .. and when the hour feels like eternity .. just stay in the minute I know it’s been said before but you will truly understand it. Enjoy the energy when you lay there looking at the beautiful scenes of nature out your windows ..  stay strong eamon .. your amazing becs gonna be ok ♥️
Please know Lee is watching over you.
Thinking of you both ❤️ you are in my prayers every night and morning!
🌍🙏🌄🙏💗🙏🌍🙏💗🙏🌄🙏🌍
Love, hugs and prayers to you both.
Sending Love from Australia
Both of you have such strength and joy for life, that it makes watching you grow through this struggle much more bearable than I could have ever imagined. Sending you both healing vibes 💗 and Bec that bob cut looks fire! 🔥
Thank you for authentically sharing this journey with us.  🙏 Sending you lots of love & positive vibes 🙂
Seeing you on the floor with the bowl, feeling so nauseous…I’m so sorry Bec. 😢💔
Sending love and prayers of healing to you both~xo
Bec pay attention to your acid intake. Keeping your body alkaline is really important. Coffee is -4 on the acid scale. Acid feeds the bad stuff. Avoid sugar.  Praying for you.
Thank you so much for sharing your journey with us. So much love and many prayers coming your way.
Thanks for the reminder to be appreciative of the small things every day! Stay strong you two! ♥️
Sending you both love from my pups and I. May this time in your lives go by faster than it’s all begun so healing and moving forward can take place. Thinking about you both every day ❤️
Sending you both love and healing, you beautiful couple xxx
Eamon, watching your loved one go through medical stuff is hard. I know, and I feel for you too. You’re right, it’s very important to take care of yourself too. I hope you get plenty of sleep. Bec, you are amazing 💜 My hubby just got his dad those cramp on spikes, days before he fell on ice in his driveway. He ended up with a mild concussion.  We also ended up buying him shoes to put those spikes on so he  has no more excuses to not wear them.
You guys have much a great way of looking at things and trying to keep the positive in view. I will definitely be keeping you in my prayers. You are such a strong women and you can do this, especially with such great support from Eamon and family and cute puppy kisses.  P.S. you look great with a bob!
My deepest prayers for you in all that you need to receive.  Love you
Sending so much love to you all. You both are so loved and so precious and Bear too!
Thinking of you guys! My fiancées family is from Kingston area, and the doctors there are so fantastic! My mother in law fought and beat cancer with doctors there and Bec’s got this too! I know how hard it can be to go through a medical journey with a partner , and it’s scary, so Eamon, you got this too 🖤💪🏻
I hope your subsequent treatments are going a little easier. I have fibromyalgia/me and migraines. I can’t imagine how challenging it is to be a vibrant young healthy woman and suddenly feel so sick. You are doing a good job of listening to your body and pacing yourself.
Please know that there are so many people around the world who are keeping you in their thoughts.  Sending you, Eamon, and your families so much love from deep in the heart of Texas❤️
Sending you so much love and good health wishes. Praying for strength for you and eamon through this coming months
I keep you in my prayers🙏🙏 Keep strong Bec😊😊
Each day is a day closer to wellness Bec. Praying for the blessings of love joy hope and peace over you both. You are in my thoughts. You are amazing in your positivity. And it’s ok when you’re not. Sending love.
I admire you! ❤️
You got this 👍🙏❤️🇺🇸
Here with you Bec! Been thinking about you and praying for you! You are so incredibly inspiring and I adore you! Been with you guys for quite a few years now and I’m just so glad to be with you in this journey! Shedding tears and rooting for you guys! I’m cheering you on Bec! Love you! ❤️✨
Cut haircut Bec! ! Thank u both for including us on this journey.  We love u!!!
Continuing to send you all my love and happiness. Keep up the good attitude guys xx
Also please keep Osso. He’s exactly what you need. He’s so sweet and that face!!!!
Your doing so well hun, keep pushing on, you've got this.
I really think you should keep the dog. He is definitely your person. Someone who just knows your deepest feelings without you having to speak!
Bec and Eamon you are both so amazing..... you Both are like a breath of fresh air!!!! Thank you for sharing your lives with us!!! Otherwise knowing that you all we're experiencing this very difficult journey we subscribers would be so concerned about the both if you not knowing what's happening to our Friends... ( you guys) .... no I have never meet either one of you but I feel like we are friends!!! Hang in there continue to stay strong and keep loving on each other .... I agree Hugs are the best and I think you guys need to adopt that adorable dog.... he is great therapy for the both of you!!! See you next time you make a video.... please continue to rest !!! Prayers.... and love coming your way!!! 😊❤️
You do realize that was Lee shining her light on you Bec.  Be strong. Be strong. You got this!
I love both of you so much. Stay strong Bec. Keep strong Eamon. Lots of love and positive vibes from the desert of Arizona
Thank you for sharing your journey with us. Love you guys so much and sending all the good vibes your way❤️
I was so touched by your video this week. You are so brave to share this journey with the world, and even braver to face it head on, with love, compassion, information, healing vibes and all that you do. I don't normally comment, but I truly felt moved by you both. And your dog IS an angel! PS Thank for connecting me to Sailing La Vagabonde! I've been binge watching them ever since your trip with them. And I found you through Kara and Nate. I so enjoy watching you beautiful, young people navigate your lives with all of the ups and downs life has, in joyous and life affirming ways. Thank you for being inspiring, even during these tough times. So much love to you both!
Thinking of you guys💛💛🇨🇦 I find myself thinking randomly throughout the day "I wonder how Bec and Eamon are doing, hope they're ok". I feel a little silly because I'm only a viewer, but you guys have been a part of my week for a long time now, and are a little piece of comfort on Sundays for me & many of the chronic ill/pain community. Getting to live vicariously through you two, you guys are truly special.  Wishing you guys a great day, week, month, year! 💛💛💛
Continuing to pray for you guys. Love the doggy. He’s so adorable. Are you guys going to keep this one?
My most sincere thoughts, prayers and healing energy for you (and your amazing Buddy), this day and every day.  🍃💗🍃  John St Julienne Baba Wanyana on YT is a beautiful soul and he speaks always of love, energy and healing the body through fasting.   He has had serious health challenges requiring him to allow his body space to kill off the free radicals.   🎀
I would say to hell with the world I'm not going to do this anymore. Financially tough to do. But I am so glad that you are sharing your experiences. So may people are sharing your journey. STAY strong my dear....🥰
Everyone writes their own story. Live yours to the fullest.  I am praying for you, a full and complete recovery.
Droole I’ll be right over lol
You are both such an inspiration to so many people. Both of you are. These 5 months will be over in no time but in the meantime, you are still finding happiness. Also, I can already telll that  short hair is going to suit you. Beautiful!  P.S. What is the music playing? I love it!
trs spray.
sending love and prayers
Bec and emon thank you for sharing ur story with the you tube community it's been incredible to watch you and Eamon tackling This horrible situation Together.  Bec you are so beautiful  inside and out please don't ever for ger that or let any one bring you down     You have a army of people behind you both physically and virtually     then numbers of times I've been cheered up by watching me you and emon when I've been sad u have made me happy again I sincerely hope that we can do the same for you in ur tough yet beautiful  times  to come  all the way sunny warm aus
So proud of you Bec and Eamon. Stay strong
Jesus Christ called people everywhere to repent, therefore, if you confess with your lips the Lord Jesus and believe with all your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved and inherit the Kingdom of Heaven and eternal life. told other people how good he is, how he saves, heals and liberates and gives eternal life5
Praying for you two. 🙏 sending love from California
Praying.🙏🕊God’s in control!!!!
so sweet love your dog he's a good boy
You’re a warrior.
That dog belongs with you.  We always get the dog(s) we need. He is yours.  God bless you all as you move through this challenge. Your love will see you through.
We are praying for you. You will be fine. God is watching over you. Stay strong.
Love you so much sweetest lady !!! 😘😘😘😘🙏🙏🙏🙏💕💕💕💕💕💕praying for you and a miracle …. 😘😘😘😘
God Bless You, our courage is with You as we move forward into recovery, rest and let any bad thoughts go as recovery happens.
Sending you so much love. You are such an inspiration to all women who have had to overcome an unexpected diagnosis.
love your dog
Constantly thinking about you and your journey always look forward tonuou next video. Watching you go through this makes me so sad. I hope the best fornyou!
Please have a look at the work of Dr Joe Dispenza for healing
My whole heart is with you and Eamon!! May you continue to stay strong, and may the lord bless the hands and hearts of those helping you and those near you.   You got this Bec!! ♥️
Did you use birth control pills? Ever???? If yes … then could be it….😢
Bec is so pretty , she is literally glowing !!! ❣️
✨💛✨
Ya Allah Pak Shifa da Ameen
the two of you are so incredibly special, you have a light about you or something that’s actually magical. you’re so inspiring and i feel like words aren’t enough but i hope you get what i’m trying to say 💚💚💚💚💚
Please be well, my mom was given 6 months to live with BC in 1962 - her 95th birthday is in April -  YOU CAN DO THIS and please let others help.  Hand in there.
Sending all the positive energy, good vibes, thoughts and  prayers your way.
Your story breaks my heart. Praying for your life.  I wonder if you have heard of people all over the world healing from cancer by eliminating carbohydrates and sugars?  Those feed cancer cells.  We have actually several people in my family with cancer and some no longer with us here because of it.  So please consider the possibly unthinkable...stop eating sugar and carbs and eat animal based only.  My daughter is 16 and keeps her severe eczema in check and clear as long as she strictly eats beef and pink salt and stevia with Sparkling water. Plants have a lot of estrogen hormone.  I had to cut them out because of the hormone mess it made me along with body rashes that lasted months.  I eat meat and a little super high dark chocolate.  It's helping with my myelitis.  Please please please do this!!! YouTube the carnivore diet and healing cancer.  Blessings.
Please take this advice.  My dad went through chemo in 2017 and would not/could not eat....he was so sick.  He was drinking like 1 - Ensure a day.  So I googled a calorie calculator.  How many calories a day to maintain his current weight (he had already lost a lot of weight).  So the calculator gave me "X" calories a day.  We purchased the highest calorie Ensure we could buy and he needed 6 a day - and any extra was a bonus.  He drank Ensure for 8 months I think.  BUT he maintained his weight from when he started this Ensure regimen.  When he could eat....of course.....that was helpful, but continued the 6 Ensure a day until He actually started to gain weight.  You have to get your calories in......one way or another.....even if you just drink them.  God Bless.  Praying for you gal & Eamon (and your family).  Big Love.
Bec - my heart is breaking for all you are going through but I am so glad Eamon and the rest of the family is supporting you.
Prayers and positive thoughts for you both! ❤️😍
Love you guys!!!!  #liquidsunshine  #TeamBec  And F*CK  cancer!!!!  You got this Bec!!!  Love you, Love you, Love you!!!  Sending you all the good energy!  Aslo your new baby Ohso is so so sweet. Is he going to be a keeper?   Sorry if I spelt his name wrong.
you guys are so incredibly strong, i’ve been thinking about you two a lot lately and i’ve been sending out my love🧡🧡🧡🧡 your home is so wonderful and i’m so glad you have it and oso bear to lean on, i love you guys so incredibly much 💙💙💙💙💙
It's hard to trust the Science sometimes but amazingly it's kept my husband alive for 6 years with a cancer that doesn't have a cure YET only a treatment and we expect him to live a long life because not today Cancer!!!
I have not stopped praying for you Bec, but I also wanted to leave a little message for Eamon.  Please know we all support and love you so much!! I hope that with each hug you give to Bec from us you are also giving one to yourself. This is 100% as much your journey as Bec’s. Prayers, positive thoughts, and so many hugs are being sent your way. I know how hard it is to watch someone you love so much go through a difficult situation that is unthinkable. Lots of love being sent through prayers and positive thoughts!!! Better days are to come!! ❤️❤️
Never give up the fight….you’re a beautiful person and God is listening to millions of prayers everyone is sending him….❤️
Thanks for sharing this difficult part of your lives. I think of life's hard times and offer my thoughts and prayers to a positive outcome. I am a survivor myself. One day at a time.
damn, people record ANYTHING for revenue humanity is lost 👍
Hey, Ma.Ma. watching and Appreciation of yr story. Much recovery, yr in good hands!💙
I’m so sorry you’re going through this. Have you thought about changing the way you guys eat and everything? I know you eat the way you do to feel good and be healthy but now maybe you’re like I’m gonna eat whatever I want. And there’s nothing wrong with either way I’m just curious if it’s giving you a new perspective on the way you live. 💜💜💜
We love watching you two and you both have our love and prayers.
It's a good thing you're fostering because a dog is good therapy for whenever you're going through chemotherapy
Luv u guys! Bec, once again, ur my hero!
Kia kaha- is a Māori phrase used by the people of New Zealand as an affirmation, meaning stay strong.  you are both amazing sending so much  Aroha [ Māori word meaning love ] to you . love and light blessings to you .
Love and hugs dear ones!  ✨
So proud of you beck I'm going through this with my mom and I'm Watching her go through this it's very tough So stay strong and hang in there sending light in love💞💖 Eamon you're awesome 💖
I just want to say a big thank you. I found a lump in my breast a few days ago and so while this was maybe not the best video for me to watch today, I made an appointment to have it checked very quickly thanks to you! Sending you love and healing <3
Hey started communicating before video played through.  You are both doing great.  One day at a time  Working with energy is super helpful. Praying for you
You are so brave and positive on camera. Please know that you have thousands of us holding hands in a circle surrounding you with thoughts and good vibes. Keeping you on my mind these last few months. Thank you for sharing your journey with us. ❤️
You are SO blessed to be going thru treatment in 2022. My aunt was diagnosed in 1980. The ONLY thing they did back then was surgery. She had it come back 3 more times. She's a fighter because I'm VERY happy to say she's alive and in her 70's now. She started her cancer journey at 30yrs old. You got THIS and you'll get thru this round of sunshine, 5mos is nothing when you get the rest of you life to live. Keep your positive thinking and allow Eamon to take care of you. I'm sure he knows if the table were turned you'd take care of him. I have my entire family and friends praying for you sweetie. My aunt and uncle, that live in Israel, go to the prayer wall every Friday. They pray for you there. The belief is that prayers prayed there are granted.  Remember to rest and allow your body to heal. Sending prayers, love and gentle hugs 🙏❤🐾
I will not sugar coat this…..chemotherapy sucks. It robs you of so much but can give you your life back. It’s so weird to know that we fight so hard to be healthy and don’t want to put these awful chemicals in our body but yet those toxic chemicals can save our life. Bec I am in awe of you. I see how you both take care of yourselves and each other. You eat an organic, plant based diet and exercise. And that definitely helps the healing. You will get so much advise during this from so many people. So here’s mine. Try to stay positive. Don’t do more because you think you need to be. Rest. Lots of rest. Cry when you feel like it. It’s a release. Look in the mirror each day and tell yourself this is awful. Then tell yourself that you are a fighter and can do this. And for me…just sucking on some watermelon helped. You don’t have to eat it. Eamon….thank you. For being there for her and fighting for her. You are a true blessing. I am praying for you everyday. There will be good days and bad ones. Take them all in. It’s a journey. Much love and light from sunny Florida!!💖🙌🏼😘
You both are amazing humans. Bec, I am so proud of you for your amazing strength and positive light. Your body will do great things over the coming months. Sending love your way !! ❤
Hang on and stay as positive you can. But you don't HAVE to be positive everyday or for anyone else.  I was diagnosed with an aggressive leukemia (AML with a mutation) on July 1. Had a bone marrow transplant in Oct. I went into remission and then unexpectedly relapsed after doing everything "right."   On to round two: stronger IV chemo x 5 days, and will get another infusion of blood cells from my donor this week! I'm lucky to have a fantastic team that I trust. Cancer is not fun, but we can learn life lessons. I learned how loved I am, and how generous and loving people really are. Our partners are going through so much too: Uncertainty, fear, extreme love, and caring. We're on a hard road, but for me right now, there's no option but to keep going forward. Just remember to be grateful to wake up every morning, and keep breathing in and out! Everyone's story is unique. Happy you're sharing yours. Take good care of yourself! ❤️ P.S. Try not to think about doing this for 5 months. Just take one day at a time. It changes your mindset and makes things more manageable.
Your such a special lady with so much positivity. I'm learning some from you. I love your grateful journey. Cheering you on from Salem Oregon.
Hey Eamon & Bec,  I don't know if you've ever heard of  Chaga, but I highly recommend  drinking 4cups of Chaga daily; during treatments & even after treatments. Google Chaga & the medicinal benefits of Chaga. <3
Bless you both
Don’t think about 5 months, it’s just one day, and then another. Just one day at a time.
Sending you guys all the love and positivity..
Having a dog at this time is so wonderful, helps  emotionally for both of you. They are such a support and also a distraction
PLEASE WATCH THIS: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8tAAehC4BYs
Don't know if yours is estrogen "based""but some breaststroke cancer pts are told to stay away from natural foods that are natural estrogen such as tofu and soy
I am so proud of both of you.  I can't help but think of all the people who will watch this video as they face their cancer treatment journey, and take comfort from it. Thanks Eamon and Bec, for putting this difficult content out there. It's going to help a lot of people.
Sending love and prayers ❤️
Very much thanks for sharing this story 🙏🏽💗
Love to you both💕 journaling helps me with everything!💐 I recently started Qigong…very helpful to restore Chi balance in the body and support healing xx
God bless you both
My sister in law is battling cancer for the 2nd time.  She is a fighter. Stage 4 and now 5 yrs have pasted  she has lost hair had infections and so much more but she fights for her family.  I go and do Reiki to help with pain.i do energy meditation that has helped with anxiety.  Please find someone who can offer these supports.i have seen it help even on days where she is struggling to breath with anxiety.  If I can't see her we do it online. Know that you have the right to be angry and feel your emotions.  You Emman need to release those emotions to heal. If you need any guidance or support please reach out.i do not want anything but to help you find the individual who can help.my prayers, are with you. Focus on your goal of being healthy, being a mom and loving life
❤
😢😢🙏🙏🙏
STAY STRONG SISTER BLESSING TO YOU😇😇🥰🥰🥰
Love your videos so much. I'm praying for you both thank you for sharing so much of your life and being a positive light in a dark world.
Bro this was hard to watch I just wanted to give y’all a hug the whole time 😭💛
You're being really brave, it takes a lot of courage to go through what you have to do, cancer has unfortunately been a stumbling block in my life, my grandfather, father, mother, and sister and best friend have all had cancer, I also had melanoma in my 40's, my mother actually had cancer 3 times in her life, breast cancer, colon cancer and kidney cancer, she just celebrated her 81'st birthday, and we have been so thankful, but on the other side of the cancer spectrum, I lost my dad when I was pregnant with my first child and last month I lost my best friend to ovarian cancer, and me, the most unhealthy of them all, am still waddling along, no rhythm or reason as far as I can tell. You are doing great, keep up your positive attitude, it is what gets you through the tough days.
Recently found your channel, and I'm sorry it's at such a tough time. Much prayers and belief for full healing. However, my sunny and 79* here in Mesa AZ is a bit more enjoyable than -30! Faith!
Sending you both love and good vibes. Yall are so strong! ❤️❤️❤️
Eamon and Bec, just like Riley and Elayna…..I cannot stop thinking about you guys.  Thank you for being so vulnerable and real and still creating vlogs for all of us that have fallen in love with both of you over these past few years.  I am sorry these are the life cards that you have been dealt but in your true fashion you are handling this with dignity, truth, positivity, strength and so much love. You are teachers for all of us as to how to live a life well lived. You inspire me and I thank you.  I am grateful that you had and took the opportunity to create a beautiful and warm home for yourselves. You made a sanctuary in just the right time and I am grateful that you have this home to heal in. I love you both and hope to meet you one day. ❤️❤️❤️ Healing, positive vibes to you Bec. xoxo
Ya it sucks …. Hang in there ..if I can do it so can you …..
Praying for you. You are a radiating soul! May God grant you ease throughout this process, may He grant you ease through any hardship.  اللَّهُمَّ ربَّ النَّاسِ ، أَذْهِب الْبَأسَ ، واشْفِ ، أَنْتَ الشَّافي لا شِفَاءَ إِلاَّ شِفَاؤُكَ ، شِفاءً لا يُغَادِرُ سقَماً Translation: “O Allah, Lord of mankind, do away with my suffering. Heal (me) as You are the only Healer and there is no cure except that of Yours, it is that which leaves no ailment behind”
I don't know what the right words are. I don't pray, but you're often on my mind and I'm sending positivity and love your way.
Keep push women you got this!!! ♥️❤️♥️😍😍
Please consider Cannabis for your nausea. It has helped many with their battles.
Still speechless but here quietly watching. Sending lots of love and prayers your way ❤️🙏
I am a breast cancer survivor.  I had the reconstruction done at same time as the breasr removal. I di alot of research prior to surgery but it did not prepare me for what I woke up to. Talk with women who can share their experiences but I feel if it's 10 yrs out or more they may not remember what the initial experience was like. The end results is a belly lift, which you being tiny like me I didn't need. The recovery is different and not like a mom who had "c" section.  The rules of trying to straighten up to walk is a big NO. YOU WILL DO DAMAGE. My sister in law has had double mastectomy stag 4 and did not have reconstruction.  Her daughter due to caring the cancer Gen had her breaststroke removed and stretchers put in. It was a journey but she is happy she chose this path. I want to say we all question what we did wrong.  They once blamed under wire bras. It seems to be something that is dormant in all of us. What triggers it?? For me I believe stress anxiety played a big role.
Hi Eamon and Bec. Great to hear from you guys. Please force yourself to eat even if you don't have the appetite for it, Bec. And yeah, take all the rest you can get. I hope you're also looking out for yourself Eamon because you also need to take care of yourself to help take care of Bec. I know this from experience after taking care of my mom who had breast cancer too. You guys are amazing. And hang in there. Here's to a successful treatment!
Following from Long Beach California..wish you both the very best❤️.  Eamon’s hair needs its own Youtube channel!  I love it. 😊
I can’t stop thinking about you both…thank you for the update.  Sending lots of love and positive vibes to both of you 💕💕💕💕💕💕💕
My mom's beat cancer 2 times and we will be finding out soon if she has it for a 3rd time.shes so strong and such a fighter. I know you both are gonna get through this.also I was wondering are u guys gonna keep oso or just gonna foster.i really this oso is gonna be a big help through this whole journey u guys are going through.
Sorry to hear about your breast cancer what's going around about the covid-19 shot it is it has the AIDS virus into it and the cancer virus into it I'm just wondering if you have had your vaccine
Sending you both so much love & support!!
Donate your hair gurl!! Sending you big love and positive energy!!
You’re amazing and inspiring!
I just want you to know... ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
thank you for being you.  lots of love and virtual hugs from Port Macquarie New South Wales Australia x
Love you Bec sending you all the good vibes and prayers ❣️🌹
A million hearts and warm wishes that your body, mind and soul remains strong and heals through these trying times. ❤😘
Continued prayers sweet girl💜💜💜💜
Love you guys your in our thoughts prayers and positivity!❤️
My mom was diagnosed with breast cancer back in October, trust me it gets rough at times but you just gotta use the courage and strength of god to help you. It’s not easy, my moms a warrior though and you can be one too!
Hang in there sweetie. You have a lot of people praying for you. 🙏❤️
Watching this video and really all your content make me feel so much emotion in such a good way. I hope that one day I can be as strong and as beautiful of people as you guys are! You’re persistence and positivity and just everything about you both really is truly inspiring and emotionally moving in the best way. I am sending good energy and prayers your way everyday bec and I hope the universe hears my call in making such an amazing person as you feel the way you deserve, which is amazing and healthy and happy. Always love the videos and wishing you guys good luck on the journey ahead💗
Hi Bec, since your diagnosis video, I have since found out my sister's 13-year old daughter has a malignant brain tumour. A couple of weeks ago, the limbs on the left side of her body stopped being able to move properly. Now we have the diagnosis, are two surgeries in, and start radiation this Wednesday. I write this not to be a downer, but because I know it brings a sort of comfort to know you are not alone in suffering. Solidarity. You sharing your journey could not be more poignant or timely for me and my family. Stay real. We love you both and cry with you during the hard times. Life is just so random. From Sydney, Australia.
I found watching this so tough. I cried so much feeling, horrible for you both. Bec I know you’ll get through this. Eamon, you can see how this is weighing on you, but you’ve got this. Having Oso is good for you, loving on you both. Good luck with your journey. Continue being the warriors you both are. 🥰🇨🇦
LOVE
Sending big hugs and positive vibes your way💛💛💛
Anybody who let's their dog lick their face is OK
I hope you keep Bear. :)   Sending you strength.
Hang in there Bec. God moves in his mysterious ways. It may not make any sense now, but He won't put you through something that is too much for you to handle. Lots of love to you and Eamon. Stay positive! You got this!!
❤️❤️ love you guys.
Are you going to have to get a port?
Wish you the best on your journey to beating cancer. My mom got diagnosed January 2022 so this one hit home.
love you guys!
I absolutely love your hair short it’s so cute. I certainly understand your feelings having been diagnosed with melanoma stage 4 a couple of years ago.  Because it was melanoma,  I had to do with immunotherapy  therapy rather than chemo. Many challenges later I am in remission. Hang in there girl.
Chemo survival tips from a survivor: 1. Get some plastic water bottles and freeze them.  Hold them during treatment to help reduce neuropathy. 2. Start oil pulling everyday. It helps prevent mouth ulcers 3. Ginger, ginger, ginger 4. Take the meds to keep the nausea away.  5. Edibles if you can 6. Therapy is the best 7.  Stay hydrated and eat when you’re hungry. 8. Potatoes are amazing when you are not hungry but you need to eat  9. Be kind to yourself and go outside.  10. This too will pass. Stay strong!   11. Don’t worry about the wig. Learn how to draw on Your eyebrows and get some great hats!
Love & Light to you guys !
❤️❤️🫂🫂🙏🙏
You got this!!! My best friend went through this all a few years back!! I can't keep her down now.. hiking, Biking having a blast!
Bec - never have I wanted to give a hug to someone i  have not met more. Not out of pity but of your pure light amongst darkness. I know it is a hard thing not to let the light in us to go out but youre a beacon that will not waver! Eamon,  thank you for being all that you are for Bec. I know how hard it is to struggle and watch someone you love, hurting. Don't ever doubt all that you are, and you are the light for Bec when she cant see her own, im sure of it. You all are in my prayers every day (including Oso Bear)
You are so beautiful Bec!
Bec & Eamon, Normally on many of your videos I have commented in some way.  Since this all started  I've found it hard to find what to say. I've wanted to say something inspirational for you both because I know right now you both need that positivity every step and at every moment. I find myself comparing in a way of "what would I do and how would I react if Carine, my wife, was diagnosed , what would I do? And I know what I would do, I would do exactly what Eamon is doing and be there every step of the way. I'd be there for the love of my life every step, in any way, doing whatever I could do, to make her happy, comfortable, healthy, and for her to know how much I love her.  Eamon, brother, you truly are the way I know I would be in this situation. Right there for Bec with anything, to help her in anyway, to support her however Bec needs you to.  YOU BOTH ROCK!!!!  So watching this video, I realized what I wanted to say, and it's simple. It's something that you both started doing, that in the last few months I've noticed that you haven't been doing on each video. SO,  Here's my call to you both: I LOVE YOU TO!  For both of you STAY STRONG TOGETHER, STAY STRONG INDIVIDUALLY. I have no doubts that in 5 months, you'll both be better and stronger, with a little less hair, but heh, atleast your hair will grow back Bec. I've never had to go through this to lose my hair, and hell if it's gonna grow back now, I don't kid myself about that anymore. Hahahahahahahahaha!!!!!!! I do day dream of it at times, but, Carine my wife actually loves my baldness. Because of her I actually have learned to like it myself. DAMN I MISS MY HAIR!!!!!!!!  Bec, you already are a strong person. This is just going to make you stronger and even more capable of understanding others, more compassionate, more empathetic, actually I think you will both gain more of these kinds of qualities.   I miss the weekly videos, but don't be concerned about that. Just keep us up on what's going on ok, no pressure to post at all. Take care of yourselves and each other. And remember; I LOVE YOU TO.  Keep Safe and Warm, Matt - Toronto
I dont know if you subscribe to a religion, but I am including you on my prayers.  Always hoping for good health and good life.
Been purposely avoiding watching your current journey, however, can't help but eventually watch it.  This is is so heartfelt & can't help but feel your (all of you & your loved ones)emotions along this journey.   Really hoping & praying for a speedy recovery & a great outcome for all of you. 🙏  Thank you for allowing us to follow your challenging journey.
I just love bec’s bangs!
I have a thought about your cancer. Have you considered the impact of the loss of your friend last year? I have two friends that both got breast cancer within a year of losing their mother. Grief is a powerful emotion.  Our thoughts are with you.  Hang in there! You guys can do this. You do have a great support community.
I, too, had AC chemo followed by Taxol chemo. I will always remember what my oncologist said. “Chemo is not a party, but it is doable.” The good news is that that was 10 1/2 years ago and life is good! Sending healing prayers to you. 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏 This Florida woman thinks that maybe the hardest part of your life right now is the -30 degree weather! 🥶🥶🥶 Not really, but I can’t imagine what that feels like! Take care.
I would give anything to live closer ( Florida) so I could care for you on those post chemo days honey.  I went thru this with mom...and, although Eamon is one hell of a SUPERB nurse, I wish I could also give him a break!  You've sooo got this Bec.  The first couple of days post treatment are tough....while that liquid sunshine is doing it's job.  Take your Zofran, or whatever meds you received for nausea regularly.  And remember.....the feeling is  time limiting....it will pass.  Your positivity is your cure right now.  Love ya honey!!  Esty (ST), RN
My mom recently went through breast cancer this last year and just finished treatments a couple months ago. She went through it all with flying colors and I know you will too. I know it’s tough at times, but please keep your head up high! You are such a strong woman like my mom. And I know if she got through it, you will as well! Praying for you and your family! ❤️
Praying 🙏
thank you for sharing this with us, Bec and Eamon. You're both so inspiring.
Sending hugs and prayers for renewed strength every day.
I just love your beautiful soul, thank you for sharing your story with us all
OK I have to say this: What did the 500 pound Canary say? Here Kitty Kitty......Laughter is Best Medicine...EnJoY
Sending you positive vibes and healing thoughts Bec. You and Eamon bring us so much joy, and we're all here for you.
Sending prayers and best wishes.
Your doing amazing Bec✨🤍✨ and Eamon too ! Ac was no cup of tea ! Bad days are given but your positive mental attitude is so crucial to recovery ❤️‍🩹 sending you both all the love in the world. I also adore that you named it liquid Sunshine. I sang this little light of mine I am gonna let it shine ✨ everyday. And also hit up every swing set I could find. When I flew through the air I would yell thank you to the universe for all that I am directly from the ♥️ looking back it was a big part of healing for me. Big hugs 🦋
Sending love from Australia.
I could literally sit here and watch yalls experience for an hour. The way I feel like I’m going through this with y’all and by yalls side. I’m sending you all my strength and love, I know you will get through this chapter of your life and come out an even better you. After watching you tell us about your diagnosis, it reminded me to do a breast check and I noticed a large lump in mine along with other changes and have been going through the stages of identifying it. If it weren’t for you, I probably wouldn’t have checked it and left it to go on longer. You’re calm and collectiveness leading up to the diagnosis has helped me stay calm and to not over excite myself into what possibilities it might be. And that’s coming from a girl who has a tendency to be a little bit of a hypochondriac. But anyways, I constantly check y’all’s medias to see how you and Eamon are doing, and hope that y’all feel and sense the love and support we all have for you two. 💝🫂
Prayers are with you both. 🤗  Please keep good thoughts going through this. I  know what Eamon is going through, because I am going through also.  My husband has been fighting cancer since 2013 and it is hard. I love your hair. 😉
Loving this dog!!! Both of you are so amazing and generous to share this journey with all of us.  I/we know so much about you and you don't know us which makes me so grateful that you feel safe to share.  You are doing so great❤❤❤
love you guys
Prayers are with you. Bec you're strong and you got one hell of a support team.  Bless you both.
I'm balling my eyes out fight it BECS  and keep fighting, I'm doing the same along with half the planet. If love alone could cure this illness, You would be cured now. Andy UK
To Eamon and Bec, sending love and happiness in this difficult time. Eamon's such a guy! Much love from your neighbor down south (Wisconsin)
Thank you for sharing.  You guys are amazing.  Love the Bear!
Been thinking about you guys a lot.   Wishing you strength and prayers.
I’m mostly happy that you guys have a warm, comfortable, beautiful home of your own as a place for Bec to relax and heal.  You unknowingly established a cocoon at the perfect time. Sending you both love and healing vibes. ❤️
That was powerful, scary, and enlightening. I love that after several days had passed, you learned that you could get through the chemo treatment. Hopefully, that will help you get through the other treatments. We're thinking about you and Eamon, and sending you our love. Jack and Cathy from Georgetown, Texas (BTW, Cathy grew up in Bobcaygeon).
It is truly amazing how much light you two bring to the world. Thinking of you guys as you are starting this journey and sending all the positive energy, just as you guys have for everyone else. ❤
My very humble and very heartfelt suggestion...in your search is to think outside the box and not dismiss anything that might not be at the forefront or even advised by the professionals.  Check out The Truth About Cancer docuseries....valuable information to have alongside your chemotherapy.  And rethink high carb and sugars (all bread products are sugar in your body) as cancer feeds off of sugar.  I know you're inundated with suggestions from people trying to be helpful...I guess I just feel like I can't not mention it.  Watching this docuseries helped me not fear cancer and I am hopeful it could help you feel hopeful and less fearful too....there's soooooo much you can do along with your chemo Bec.  Sending you so much love and so much light, just really pushing lots of strength and healing your way. <3 <3 <3
Prayers for you both and your families.
Bec you are so incredibly beautiful inside and out. Your positivity radiates even through this hard time, and you've got a whole family of East Coast Canadians cheering for you and sending all the love and positive vibes to you and Eamon and families 💓
Bec  your strength, courage, and positive attitude is what will get you through this. Please know that you have motivated me to check my breast regularly. Thank you for putting life into perspective. God speed for a full and speedy recovery from cancer.
My 7 year old is currently on treatment and she has no appetite, but she does tolerate pickles, and coleslaw! She currently has a g tube to supplement.
Awww you're such a Beautiful Strong Lady💗Sooooooo Proud of you...  you're so Brave and inspiring..I lost my Dad to cancer 50 years ago.. I was only 10 at the time.. but I still remember how sick he got after each chemotherapy 🥺..and then my Mum ended up having breast cancer 15 years ago..she ended up having her breast removed.. she's 81 and still doing fine..You have got this Bec🥰..and you have the BEST Partner😊Sending you Much Love and Take Care.🙏🏼❤❤🐕
I love y’all so much I can’t stop praying sending love crying
Sending love and positivity your way! You're both amazing and nothing will change that!
Oh guys, first thank you for being so brave to share this journey.  My prayers are with you both through this process.  I love that you are seeking out the benefit of using energy to assist your healing.  Love you both so much, I often refer to you as my friends that live in Canada, my husband just shakes his head, Stay strong you got this.
Love you Bec!!  My thoughts and prayers are with you and Eamon.
Bec my cousin has survived Stage 4 Breast Cancer for over 20 years and another neighbor of mine had a masectomy and her new boobs look better than the old ones, just sayin'. Wishing you and your family a speedy recovery
You both are amazingly strong.  Sending you both positive energy🌞
Eamon u r an amazing partner and Bec keep that spirit ❤️❤️
💕we are here for you guys.
Positive energy to you...You got this
Sending my prayers 💗 God is with you and will use this situation to strengthen you 💗
Lot of prayers for you guys love you.Dear Lord we ask you too wrap your loving arms around our friends in your precious name we pray AMEN
Sending you love and sunshine! ❤️🌞 I found your channel during the early days of Covid and just starting my own cancer journey - four months of chemo, surgery and finally a month of radiation. Your channel lifted my spirits on some of my darkest days. Bec, you have this! Your attitude is amazing. Eamon, thank you for reminding me of the strength it took for my husband to support me through. You are a rock star!
Sending you lots of encouragement and love Bec and Eamon! Your gratitude for the little things like the dangling ice sickles on the roof made my heart ache with joy, YOU are sunshine in human form. You got this Bec!
If sugar is the primary fuel for cancer, an organic diet won't help you if it's sugar based. Consider going Keto and starving the cancer. Grains are sugar with the water sucked out, concentrated forms of regular sugar, according to Mark's Daily Apple, so the burritos need to go. Most people cannot image giving up wheat flour which is damaging to most immune systems, and it's not easy by any means but there are plenty of You Tube videos about making bread substitutes available on You Tube. I like Keto Buns. You should check on You Tube for Ted Talks about starving cancer and about how cancers need to make new blood vessels in order to grow, angiogenesis. The best thing any of us can do for our health is to pamper our immune systems. Our immune systems are designed to fight cancers, barring genetic abnormalities, so leanr about your immune system! Your thyroid requires selenium (brazil nuts) and iodine (ocean foods) because every fifteen minutes, if everything is working properly, all the blood in your body passes through your thyroid where it gets a tiny zap, this zap breaks down the outer shell of foreign invaders. Over time the foreign invaders will no longer be able to function, similar to how if you damaged the spike protein on the Corona virus it could not attach itself to your healthy cell. Your digestive system, from mouth to anus, is part of your immune system. We all know about probiotics, which are the gut bacteria required for good health, and maybe we don't know as much about prebiotics, the food the probiotics require, insoluble fiber. This means if you go Keto you MUST get your ten percent of carbohydrates from actual green vegetables, not white carbs like rice and potatoes and not from a green POWDER unless the bottle says HIGH FIBER. You need that fiber! Once of the best things anyone can do for their digestive system and immune health is to give up wheat floor. The wheat gluten can cross the gut barriers and get into your blood stream. where your immune system will go after it because it does not belong there. In the process organs like your thyroid gland can get damaged, those are autoimmune diseases. You want your immune system killng cancer, not chasing wheat gluten around! Your vitamin D3 level needs to be optimized, vitamin D prevents cancer in three ways, according to one of Dr Oz's original television shows. One of those ways is similar to how the thyroid damages cancer cells, it weakens the hard outer shell of cancer cells so that they can no longer perform their desired functions. Check You Tube for videos that Dr Mercola has posted about getting your vitamin D naturally, but, I recently read an article that said two thousand IU of vitamin D3 a day for five years showed no adverse effects. It's a super cheap supplement that also helps to improve your mood. Aiming for eight hours of sleep is also important, I once read that our bodies do more work when we are asleep than when we are awake, repairing the damage of the day. I have seen some cancer patients on You Tube who seem ashamed that they spend a lot of time sleeping, don't feel that way! It's part of the healing process. Lastly I recommend unrefined coconut oil as a skin lotion and a mouth wash. As a mouth wash you need to keep it in your mouth for twenty minutes after every meal, or after anything goes into your mouth, which is the number one entry point for foreign invaders. Unrefined coconut oil It is supposed to be antiviral and antibacterial, the chemo kills your immune system lining your mouth and the germs move in and start making babies. The growing babies cause the pain, the coconut oil will help prevent dryness and wash out those germ babies. I would also recommend any of Suzanne Somer's books about health. She got a breast cancer diagnosis and be cause she was a celebrity she managed to interview several experts on the subject. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Suzanne_Somers
Bec you are so inspiring!
10 years later, I am going back to the same feelings.. We are sending you our love. You can do it !!
You are doing so amazing Bec and Eamon is crushing it to! Thoughts and prayers and continue to be a star!!
I wish you a full recovery, avoid fructose.  If you wish to learn more; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfddD6keYq0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dBnniua6-oM https://www.amazon.ca/Anticancer-New-Life-David-Servan-Schreiber/dp/1554682223 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tMAqdVDMptE https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PkroMEJgS_A
Love u so much bec. Sending u healing vibes. U r truly a beautiful being. 💚💚💚💚
I am so proud of both of you. I am happy that you have each other. Thank you for sharing this most intimate and vulnerable time with us. Bec, you have the type of beauty that comes from the inside out so you will look amazing with no hair. You radiate love.
Hey guys! Thank you so much for sharing! I’m praying for you both.
You are both such inspirations. I love how you’re so positive. To rename chemo to liquid sunshine ☀️ is so powerful.   Even you saying how it’s a blessing to have this treatment. ❤️‍🩹  Praying healthy and healing over you.
It's so hard to find the words so to keep it simple, please know that you both are lifted and loved, daily.
Your video popped up randomly.  My daughter was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2015. Aggressive and stage 3. More than a year of chemo, surgeries, radiation, fear....but here we are in 2022. My daughter is happy, healthy and thriving. Treatment left her with other physical issues but she's happy.  She went through the red devil treatment too.  What's also difficult is that to get get rid of this vile disease you are filling your body with toxins.  Sending you positive thoughts.  Fight the good fight. 7 years from now you'll still be here too. Just like my daughter.
Loving the sound of walking on snow at -30c. Bec remember to incorporate this dis-ease into your internal landscape with love. Glad to see you are conserving your energy for healing. Imagine yellow sunflowers in your chest area. More love, Karen
you guys are great, but please take that dream catcher off of your mirror. they really should not be in cars at all
Watching this video reminds me of my journey of BC. I had the same meds. I also called the red devil something different and had a visualization of this “liquid sunshine” that I called “the light of no doubt and healing” running through my body doing it’s job. The first 4 are strong the rest are more mild. My husband was incredibly loving an supportive, like Eamon. I chose to stay flat and not reconstruct. If you want to chat about it I am open and willing. You guys have got this. I am sending you love and well wishes.
Imagine milking fucking cancer for YouTube views this is actually sickening
I am 68 and have been through a lot of medical challenges. I feel so sorry for you guys at the young age you are. I have made it through the impossible so far. Have hope and please have faith in our God. Life is indeed difficult at times. Bec, you will make it through this.
How inappropriate to try and make money of making everyone think of the loved ones they watched die to cancer. People these days. Cancer or kemo isn’t special to her she’s just so privileged she can do it in an environment that she can document everything and edit and shit.  My mom and aunt just got skinny and died.. thanks for making me think of it. Hope it was worth the views.
Hope you good luck. My grandpa has AML which stands for Acute Myeloid leukaemia and there is no cure for him. Hope people could find some type of cure for cancer.
Sending love your way Bec, and Eamon.....
Sugar feeds cancer
i appreciate you showing us every step. Much Love to you guys
Bec, you are so strong and so brave! My thoughts and prayers are with you and your family! Very admirable that you are sharing this very personal journey. You got this ❤
♥️ for when life isn’t fair.
Let me add my small but heartfelt voice of love to the chorus 💜 Ps that dog holds healing for you, he is quite something! 🐾
Keeping you in my prayers. God will get you through it!!!  You’re both troopers!!
Eamon & Bec - First and foremost, you are in my thoughts and prayers every day! I cannot begin to thank you enough for sharing your perspectives through this journey.  You are each opening my eyes to a side of this battle that I haven't been privy to, and that is helping me to provide better support for my young middle school student who is currently battling cancer and a pair of students whose younger sibling has lymphoma (they are hoping to be bone marrow donors). The journey you are on is not easy and I cannot tell you how much I appreciate your willingness to continue to share with us as you go through it day by day both here on YouTube and also through FB and Instagram posts. Thank you for allowing us to continue to be a part of your lives. Know that you are loved an appreciated! Positive Vibes & Hugs!
❤ Eamon and Becshine. On Friday Feb 18 my Dad was diagnosed with Terminal lung/kidney cancer. Hes been given 3 weeks to live. Chemo/radiation/surgery is not an option so we've opted for a highly successful alternate treatment. He's already responded positively  so we are cautiously optimistic. My family always asks how you two are doing so as my family focuses healing meditation for my Dad, we're also doing the same for both of you and your families.
All the love and blessings your way❤️❤️
Bec, I don't know if you would want to but i do diamond painting to relax and I have so many kits. If you would like i could send you a couple of them if that is something that you would like to try while you are going through chemotherapy and the cancer journey. Let me know.
Will pray for you, I loss my wife last year. She diagnosed with stage 4 cervical cancer, not gonna talk too much detail. But I know exactly how you feel and your significant other. Doing chemo is very tough especially the side effects, but I know you could go through it, you just need to trust yourself. Be positive, sleep more will boost your immune system, and you will feel a lot better. Eat as much as you could nutrition wise because you don't want to have empty stomach to fight against it. Go for a walk if you can when the sun is out because you need Vitamin D, and always go to places with others that will bring up your good memories, so that it will make yourself feel better and positive.   Just know that you are not alone. You can do this and win this battle!!
Bec I wanted to write a encouraging message to you since finding out your diagnostics. I really couldn’t find the right words and still can’t locate them. But I do want you to know that I love you and I’m  praying for you and Eamon during this trial.  You’re such a strong , beautiful, loving , kind , vibrant person and it always translate on camera. Just know God gives his toughest battles to his strongest warriors, and even though you may not always feel as such .. you are! I pray everyday you’re on this journey he allows the sun to shine on you while giving you a serenity mind and space. You got this !
So proud of you, Bec. Eamon, you’re amazing, too. I adore you guys, and you continue to inspire me so much
So impressed with your strength  of mind and positive attitude.
Love you Bec!  Sending much love, prayers and positive vibes from KY!
You never know how strong you are until being strong is the only choice you have !! Get well soon !! Abundant blessings and prayers from Malaysia !!
You are so lucky, as my country people are not getting they treatment, and alot of hospitals stop for two years, I hope very go well for you, and after do a big detox will help too, hope you get better soon, and will be back traveling! 😂
Sending baskets of positive thoughts to you both, and big virtual hugs.  Also include you in my morning prayers.  Be as brave and as strong as you are able.
Please look up, "Crazy Sexy Cancer".
Are you guys keeping oso? He seems to belong and be happy with you guys. Btw you guys are so strong and positive with everything happening in your lives. It can’t be easy with the impact this has taken on y’all and forever y’all will be subscribed and be in my prayers🤙🏻
I'm so sorry and shocked at your sad news. Please check out what Dr. Gabor Mate  out of Van B.C. and Bessel Vanderkolk and so many others have to say about this...The body keeps the score. Quite interesting stuff
Bec and Eamon, sending love and positive thoughts and prayers to both of you. ❤️
💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕
Lots of healing prayers for you! 🙏🏻
Do research on soy. Its worst than microwave.
Bec, I am praying for both you and Eamon. You have such a beautiful way of looking at life. I wish you the best, sweet girl.
I’m so amazed by you two. That you are sharing this journey is deeply inspiring, because although it seems to be difficult for you, you also want to help and inspire other people. I’ve been inspired by you from the start, but seeing you go through this and share it gives me a whole new level of respect for you both. You’re gonna make it through this! Good luck and lots of love and positive vibes!
Best wishes to you. Check out Dr. Berg’s video on intermittent fasting, autophagy and cancer. Wish wou well.
Bec you are such a formidable beautiful person and it's very important for you to continue to find those things that make you smile. Eamon you are such a strong partner to stick with Bec and take care of her in such a loving way.  It is nice to see what real love is through you guys. I know that you are both going through the good and bad emotions but just know all of us that have been following you from your van days are sending prayers and blessing thoughts your way. You are a strong team, you got this and it's ok to have all the emotions you need to get through this. And thank you both for being real with anyone who might be watching so they would possibly find hope and strength to get through anything that comes their way. I know you both have given me strength to keep fighting for my dreams even in my older age. Blessings and Love to you both!
Thank you for sharing your journey with us ❤️ I keep you both in my prayers and am in awe of the love that shines through the video❤️ It broke my heart to see Eamon watch Bec have to go to her first round of liquid sunshine on her own! Although I know you must have moment of sorrow, I am impressed by how strong you both are facing this situation. Sending you my positive thoughts and will be there for the rest of the journey ❤️❤️❤️
You can do this Bec!! You are strong and you are loved!!! Take care!!!!
Thinking of you guys a lot.  Continued strength to you both.  You guys got this!  Powerful vlog.   Can you tell me the music you used?  Music was powerful.
❤️❤️❤️
Sending you love and hope ! 💙💜💛💚 ... side note ,  bear is a good name for the pooch...that dog is huge , good thing he's mellow 🐶💚 and awesome !
Thank YOU for sharing YOUR journey with us~  Cancer Sucks, but you are fighting back with grace and positive thinking.  I wish the best outcome for you and that you and Eamon make some fun plans when you are recovered~
Bec, When you're ready for support, try Young Survival Coalition. It's for women with BC under 40. Lots of love ❤️  Ps. Love that you call it "Liquid Sunshine"
Much love to you both💚💚 we're here with you
Healing thoughts to you Bec ! 🤗 hugs to you both !
I am so thankful you are sharing your journey with us. My loved one has had cancer twice, I never got to be there for them, this helps me understand their plight. Thank you 🙏
Three day fast before chemo is a miracle way to prevent feeling sick. Your body is in healing mode.
26 years ago. Only advice is to manage your expectations, stay positive. The rollercoaster of chemo is tough, emotions all over the place.
As you know we are ALL on your side... that means with everyone Pulling for ya " you have got this"    Also I just wanted to say a BIG thanks for showing me these guys-->>>--https://youtu.be/mWziPCrfjfw--  <--   Laughter is the best medicine and they are dripping with it!! :)
Bec you are beautiful inside and out. Keep up the amazing positivity, and thank you for keeping it real with us! I can imagine how badly you want her here with you right now. But I know Lee is looking down on you, protecting you. I know she’s so happy with how strong and how great you’re doing.   Eamon! You are truly an amazing human being. I can’t imagine how hard it is to remain positive and strong 24/7 for her. But you can and always have been able to see how genuinely you are in love with Bec. How you care for her no matter what you’re in the middle of. You’ve always stopped and made sure bec is ok.   Love you guys!
Prayers and love from my mom, myself, and our dog Millie from Michigan.
Praying for you 🤗
❤️❤️❤️
Love, prayers and postive thought and vibes to you, your family and your medical team . You look so pretty with long hair and now short hair!!   #FCANCER XOXOXOX
Your short hair looks adorable. Sending you healing vibes. Try ginger or mint tea on the rough days, (not too hot or too cold.)  You can do this.
❤️prayers
Good luck, I was diagnosed with breast cancer last March. Surgery, chemo, then radiation. I have 5 more infusions of immunotherapy. I start taking a pill for 5 years soon. If I can get through it someone  young and beautiful like you can do it. There is a breast cancer support group on Facebook that has been really supportive. I am 69 with stents in brain and heart, just got over Covid. You can do this!!!!
Hello from Ottawa! Im sending you positive energy daily at noon. 🌞
Your journey reminds me of my daughter Bec’s journey of chemo and radiation therapy for brain cancer. She is 31years old and living a healthy life with her cancer at bay since surgery and her treatments 3 years ago.  You will be ok Bec!  It’s a long road but one day you will look back and see how far you have come.  Your honesty in your videos brings me back as a mom watching the journey. God bless you and Eamon, your parents and family and friends who are there supporting you. Lean on them 💕💕💕.  😊😊😊
Darling Bec, just remember,  one day at a time. Dear Eamon, be strong. I'm a Jersey girl (
I will say it at every video, you got this! I'm sending so much positive energy your way, even tho it's okay to not feel positive sometimes 💕
You've got this Bec, So proud of you for your strength & your positivity helps the healing  & Eamon for being your rock.....our daughter is an Oncology nurse and also is a chemo nurse,  its so much more complex than anyone would ever believe  "love your name liquid sunshine will share this with her maybe she can pass this on to some of her patients to help them🌞
Eamon and Bec, you are amazing, and I’m so grateful you are sharing this difficult journey with us. Bec, I’m sending you lots of healing love and joy. As hard as this is, you are stronger then you know….we’ve seen it, we know!! Eamon, take time for some self care. This is hard for both of you. I treasure you both. Paul
Keep hanging in there you two! My thoughts and prayers are with you Both!
Bec, you got this. This is something that is super scary. It is good to know that you have a good support system. Family and all of us. I am 5 years cancer free. I didn’t have to do chemo. I did radiation. You got this girl!!!!!
My heart breaks for both of you.  Your in my prayers ❤️🇨🇦
A dear friend is celebrating 7 years breast cancer free this month. I share the sentiment and faith that you will thrive from this treatment Bec 🖤 thank you for sharing your journey, the good and bad, you are so powerful ☀️  On a side, I'll be shocked if Oso doesn't end up staying js 😂🖤 dogs truly are angels and he is clearly here for you
Thanks for sharing your journey with us. You are so brave! Sending love and prayers for you from Maine. 🥰
So happy you have Osso during this time! Thank you for being so brave to share your journey! 🙏
In my thoughts and prayers.
YOU’VE GOT THIS BEC!!! 💜💜💜
Sending healing love to you both💕
God Bless from Ohio
This is scary altogether.  Yet, my Mom, sister, and brother are survivors.  Mom lived to an awesome age of 91 years.  My sister and brother are cancer free and are doing great with positive life changes.  Bec and Eamon got this.  Sending hugs and love.
Thanks for such a beautiful video. The love that shines through the two of you is going to get you to the finish line. All of my memories of chemo came to my mind as I watched you. If there is any time to dislike Covid19 it’s now when you can’t have Eamon with you. I had friends drive me to all of my treatments except the first and the last. Having a friend with me helped to keep my mind positive. The Cancer centre in London was always filled with older patients. I got my strength from their strength. Each treatment day I was also blessed with emails from my cousin who is a retired minister. She would send a picture of a flower or just something beautiful yet simple. Her messages also kept me positive. I would also have dinners brought to the house from neighbours or from our hockey families. This was so thoughtful since my husband was working (self employed contractor). Also while I was getting my Liquid Sunshine, my youngest was in grade 12, trying to maintain the grades and studying and get applications out for Uni and plan for prom. She was so strong for me and I was strong and positive for her. I think she realized that she wanted to study Nursing because of me. She didn’t go into Oncology but she does work in the ICU/CCU departments at Kingston General. So I hope you never get to meet her but if you happen to see my mini-me, her name is Jamie.  I love how positive you are because it really does work. Journaling is an awesome idea - Gratitude Journal. I had that too. I shared my whole journey on IG because I wanted to encourage people to get a colonoscopy or at least see their doctor about it. I made so many friends who were on or had been on the same journey. It was great to read their stories, their recipes or just about life.  You’re well on your way to kicking cancer to the curb! 💕💕
You are so brave to document your battle with cancer! Thank you! You give hope and courage to others. Eamon, you are amazing to be such a solid support for Bec! Our prayers are with you!
Sending all my good vibes your way! And your hair looks adorable..
I want to watch and support both of you through this, I will try.  Cried most of this video having recently lost my partner of twenty one years to  cancer.  I so relate to both of you.  Your positive attitude will carry you through this.  You both got this.
I highly recommend trying compounded phenergan you can rub on your wrists for nausea. Mine is for migraine nausea but some cancer patients use it. Also, there maybe a THC prescription you can also either rub on or take. Will try to get more info.
Sending you lots of ❤️ and light Do know that some of you being positive throughout this process is the cute little angel Lee is with you 😇😘😘😘😘
🙏🏻❤️🙏🏻
Fasting is really good for helping your body to repair itself after chemo. A New Earth by Eckhart Tolle,  great book. Best wishes mate.
that's the type of dog you need around during tough times! I hope treatments are going well for you.
💕💕🙏🙏
Listen to Eamon and Run from big Pharma…..Chemo is poison ☠️  Love & Blessings on your journey 🙏🏻
I'm so happy you have a dog in this part of your life. They give so much joy even when you're at your lowest 🥰🐶 stay strong xxx
Thank you for being so open about your cancer journey. I know this is hard to share, but it is helping so many people! <3 PS Turkey tail mushroom is great to pair with chemo!
walter white
I  praying for the both of you!! 🤍
The far reaches of our universe expands into an unknown realm, yet to be defined or discovered by our consciousness. By the grace of the Hubble's telescope, launched 32 years ago into space, we recently discovered a black hole that creates new starts. When we look into the start night we see endless lights...galaxy's uncountable. Clouds of gasses swirling in the reaches of dark matter unknown to you or I.  The cosmos. You exist of the same stardust that all of these miraculous entities are made of. You are miraculous. This infinite cosmos and your intimate experience intertwined. You are powerful. You are love. You are the infinite and the intimate.  A pinpoint of this beautiful experience, important and poignant.  Sending love you two. Sending so much love. The center of all. The reason the cosmos and you exist. Love.
The love you and Eamon share will get you through the hard times and rejoice in the good times.  Bec and Eamon are in our prayers for Bec to beat cancer and Eamon to stay in good health.  May God hold both of you in the palm of His hand.  Walk in Peace.  With our love.
You are so strong Bec! You’re such an inspiration, a beautiful soul inside & out!!💛 I live in the Kingston area on a small hobby farm so if you guys ever want some fresh air you’re more than welcome to stop by and visit my miniature horses & big horses! :))
Thank you for sharing your journey with us, Bec. I’m putting you on my calendar every two weeks to pray especially on your chemo day. I hate that you’re having to deal with this, but I see your determination and hope and I know beauty is coming out of this even now. You are safe, you are loved, you are okay. May you feel the embrace of the One who created you and know you are loved beyond belief. ❤️
I would wish y’all good luck but I know everything will be Ok ( knowing that you’re the amazing emon and beck). You’re both so strong and you will get through this ! Much love to y’all.
لله وفقك يرب العالمين 💜💜💜💜💜💜💜😕😕😕
I’m glad y’all have a home base for hard times like this. I think this would be a lot harder in a van for sure.
Have you guys looked into the Rife machine?
I feel like the only one crying watching this because I have been watching you guys for 3 years now and you have showed in every video how strong you guys are and I'm so proud of all of you guys! You guys are soooooo strong! I love you guys and wish u the best of luck!
You all should really adopt Osso/Bear; he makes the perfect addition to your family and you can tell he genuinely cares about your health. Dogs are God’s greatest gift to us. Continued prayers from North Carolina! Also, Bec is still as beautiful as ever!
Bec, You are so strong I am so glad you are getting better.
Wow, this video sure touched my heart tonight! You are so beautiful and inspiring Bec💕
excess estrogen from a copper imbalance is what is causing these types of cancers... there's a great supplement called calcium d-glucarate that helps pull out the excess estrogen naturally. you could add it into your routine.... bc its not that you aren't a healthy eating, healthy lifestyle person but its a copper imbalance that most of us women have. Its not something regular doctors know anything about bc the copper imbalance is hidden deep in the tissues. its the way the body protects itself by hiding it. I'm so very sorry you're going through this. Sending good vibes to you!
YOU BOTH are inspiring. Sharing your journey with us. You will get threw this because you both are amazing with your love.  Don't let the really REALLY bad days make u falter in your faith. You can do this.. we love you guys. 🇨🇦  My little guy Chase says..."MEMO tell them to, JUST KEEP SWIMMING, JUST KEEP SWIMMING, and NEVER GIVE UP. This is what I've taught Chase his whole life. Never give up and just keep swimming.... he really likes you guys and I love that he sees what a loving relationship is all about. So, Eamon... on those bad days, whisper in Becs ear....just keep swimming just keep swimming... I bet she smiles.  From London, ON. We love u ❤️
What a gift Bear is during all this. Such a good boy! Sending you both all the good juju from Seattle.
seven more to go.  good luck Bec!! Be strong Eamon.
my dad was diagnosed with a brain tumor on dec2 and it has been relly hard and now we aere geting kick out will yall plz pray for me thx you i love yall
i know its not much, but if you've never eaten bittermelon that has been known to help people prevent cancer; and fight it. i'd say adding that to your diet every once in a while is good, but of course you know the foods you eat are good; and are trying to do that as you go through this. my prayers, and hope for good results!!
Oh you guys are so beautiful
Nothing but love!
My Thoughts are with you as you traverse this challenging time .. Love being sent your way ..
Bec…you are a Goddess Warrior Divine and I am awed by your positivity, grace and determination. It is a beacon of strength to other women going through this. Your only job in the coming months is to follow your body’s cues, rest, hibernate if you need to, feel what you need to feel and get your body healthy. You’ve got this.
my dad ant that sick i will pray for you love
Blessings. look into turkey tail mushrooms.
You are so brave Bec. Both of you are. You got this! Hugs and love to you both. See you next Sunday! ❤❤❤🌹
my dad has a brain tumor so i no how sad you are um wil yall plz pray for hm to thx love yall
Good onya both for sharing this hard time.  Sending oodles of healing warm fuzzies from Noosa  :)  X
You got this Bec.. your strong and an incredible women.. may our Lord be with you.. I'll have you in my prayers.. God bless you both 💜💜 much love😄
You both are so generous to share this experience with everyone. I'm sure a lot of people will be able to identify with what you're going through. We have a close friend who got breast cancer, in spite of having a very healthy lifestyle, including being vegan for many years. Sometimes, life is just a bitch, and things happen beyond our control. I think it's important to  try to stay positive (which you're both doing), but also, not to blame yourselves if that isn't always possible. I'm a newbie here, sending you all my best wishes.
🥺❤️❤️❤️🙏🏻
I do relate to both of you as I went through this with my best friend who had colon cancer.  It’s rough, your young, together you both will make it.  Ramon take care of yourself so you can take care of Bec, my best advice 😉
Sending lots of positive energy your way. Take care, you've got this.
You folks are in my prayers. I have every confidence you will get through this well. It is going to be tough, but I am positive the outcome will be good. 💚
Hang in there kid.  We love you and we are all behind you.  You got this.
Every few days I’ll check your pages to see if there’s any new updates (please don’t worry about sharing often!). Thinking of you often and continue to send you lots of positive thoughts and vibes 💕
You got this, Bec... my mom in law did alot of chemo for breast cancer too. Stay positif and do something fun every time you are off chemo (every 3rd week).. plan ahead, this will keep your mind off chemo...
Sending you all the best wishes!
Prayers sent your way Bec..I know Eamon is taking great care of you..Don't forget Bear..God bless🇺🇸🌹❤️
😘😘😘😘😘😘
Sending you guys healing vibes and warm hugs. Stay strong. You're both amazing.
💛
Praying Praying Praying for you both! ❤️❤️❤️
Just letting you guys know that I'm watching all the ads. That's the only way I now how I can support. Well that and prayer. I'm praying.
My boss had the same cancer as you and she said she lived off pickled okra on her nauseous days.  The salt in pickles helps with nauseous.
You got this Bec!!! ❤️💛❤️💛❤️ Your pup is the absolute cutest 🥰❤️❤️love him and so much love to you ❤️💛❤️💛
This video is so BEAUTIFUL, REAL, and RAW… THANK YOU for sharing it all. You guys are so strong 💪 sending you the highest vibes ❤️❤️
I send prayers out for both of you and your families. God please heal and take away the pain from Bec and please ease the pain for Eamon and the family. Thank you God
It was only the first pee that came out red for me. I believe that’s it.  Just use the meds given to help with the side effects. Hindsight I wish I did. I always try to tough things out and not take drugs but there is a middle ground. I had a nulasta injection the  day after each chemo and I think it was that that, that put me in the most pain, at least that’s what i thought the pain was from since one side effect was bone pain. I wish I didn’t try to tough it out like I did.  I was Dx at age 44.  I was healthy and very active and now  still healthy at 60 and very active compared to most 60 year olds. You’ll be amazed how resilient most of us humans are and how you will be.  No denying it will suck but you will get through this and realize more than ever, you can do anything. 🙏☀️☀️☀️ sending a little sunshine your way.
My Mom is 33 yrs. on after her double mastectomy.  Blessing is you found this early.  Stay hopeful knowing millions walked this path before you and continue living this  beautiful gift of life today.
Found you through sailing la vagabond. Sending prayers and love.
Hey girl, look up oxalates.  Spinach and almonds are the worst offenders.  Completely changed my mammogram findings changing that
Hey Eamon and Bec ,  I have been a follower since before the beginning of the pandemic , you guys have made me fall in love with the minimalist life , seeing how creative you can be with little . I have seen you guys from go from place to place to remodel into casa B to the cabin . It’s been amazing you watch you grow . I know this new journey isn’t easy but you are showing other people who are fighting the same fight .The raw beauty and ugly part of this and I love how authentic you guys are . You might never read this message out of 1000 that you get but know that I love you both and you are not walking alone . Eamon we feel your pain to see Bec going through this but know it’s okay to not be okay . That you don’t always have to be the strong one . Bec we love you !!!! You are so beautiful inside and out . Long short or no hair your smile is what lights up every video I have seen . You got this ! We are here for you every Sunday !!!
❤️
Survivors are Invincible.   In 6 months or so, you will understand and celebrate. Be well!
I haven’t been through what you are going through, but I have struggled with chronic illness for the past decade - two things that help me a ton is the Spoon Theory and having a “day” bed. The spoon theory is a way of understanding your emotional and physical energy with illness, and just moving to a different place for the day and keeping it separate from where I sleep at night (even if I sleep all day, it’s in the day bed) helps my sleep quality and mindset. Praying for you both!
You guys are doing great. Hang in there love you got this. ❤️
Bec go to Dirt Road Discussions on Telegram.   Just listen. You asked for someone to tell you something. Let Danny tell you something Bec. Let all the testimonials tell you something. I wish you well... Under God guys...
That takes alot courage. It is scary. You did very well. Can you try ginger for the nausea
You have done everything that is humanly possible to live a healthy life and it doesn’t seem right that you have cancer.  Cancer just has so many causes- it isn’t your fault. Think positive knowing that it is a blessing you have a healthy body that you have prepared for such a moment as this and is strong thanks to you and you will make it through this treatment. Your body can handle it! You got this!  Hang in there Aemon! You are her rock and You are awesome!
Sending prayers and positive vibes your way. Thank you for sharing your Liquid Sunshine journey with us and know that we're with you spiritual as you go through this. Luv you both!!
I just want to send you, Eamon and your families so much love, prayers and positive energy 🤍🤍
all my prayers go to you, god is with you. He will not let anything happen to you. I love you ❤️
Hope treatment works and happy you are pretty positive
Check out the book Can’t Hurt Me by David Goggins. Really helped me to keep a strong and positive mindset so might help you too!
Oh Bec. I’m so sorry, I had no idea, I haven’t logged on for a while.  I know how strong you guys are and I’m sure you’ll get through it. I’m not religious so I won’t say you’ll be in my prayers but you’ll be in my thoughts.  Stay strong!!!
My wife was diagnosed with stage three breast cancer on October 26, 2016. My heart goes out to you both, I send you support and my prayers. Many have walked this road before you, you are not alone and I hope you feel the support as you read through all the comments. One day at a time. Sending much love and encouragement ❤️
Bec is the most gorgeous, kind and wonderful woman I know on YouTube. I think I wrote a comment like that about 8-10 months ago and I believe in that all the more now... There is no way Bec wouldn't come out stronger from this! You got this beautiful lady!
🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
My prayers are with you guys during this time.   Also, I think you'd look so cute with a bob!
We love you both. They say the brightest stars shine brighter in the darkest times and this is so true for you both ❤️ you’ve got this 🙏
HI  Broken my heart see you guy going to that, but I  know with the faith and, positive mind you goint to be fine. With God, Universer and Nature Bec is going to be fine. God bless you
Eamon and Bec, Thank you for sharing your journey. I’m praying for both of you and sending positive vibes your way. I have been watching you for many years and you are both so inspiring. Bec, you are very brave, beautiful and insightful. Keep your spirits up and know you are being thought of daily. Grace and peace!🙏🏻
Sending good vibes to you guys! I enjoy watching your videos and appreciate everything you give us! Big hugs to you Bec you are a strong beautiful woman and I’m so glad Eamon is there to help you through this. Much aloha!
Dogs sneezing like that is dog laughing. Your Mom is right, they are very happy when they do that. So glad that you are finding the joy in every day, so important to health. I'm sure your haircut is darling. I'm sporting a bob myself. When my Mom went through chemo, she was also the most beautiful bald woman my sister and I had ever seen. May the Lord continue to be with you, comfort, strengthen and heal you. God bless.
💕💞💗
You will be in my thoughts and prayers bec you have such a good and beautiful soul I know you can get through this
So proud of you Bec.  You two make such a sweet couple.   I really hope Eamon gets over this problem with the pharmaceutical industry. Hugs to you both.
Don't take tensions dear I pray for you soon u better..God bless all of u.. love you from India
Having live plants in the bedroom is not good for you. It could be Portuguese folklore but it's better to be safe.
Thinking of you both every single day. Wondering how you’re doing and sending so many good, healing thoughts your way. 💛🧡
Fuerzas from Cordoba, Argentina! 💪🏻
You are strong. You are going to get through this and come out on the other side. Just take one moment at a time. Even when you feel like you can't do it. You go through this rough moment and it will get better. Praying for you and I'm so very thankful you have your love to go through this with. Both of you take care of each other.
You are so strong Bec! 💪 I can't imagine how hard it feels for Eamon to send you in treatment alone, but you got this guys! I pray that the treatment work its magic. And you'll come out of this stronger 🙏 Sending hugs and lots of love 💗
Thank you for sharing this journey, sending love and positivity your way ❤
You two are an inspiration! Bec your inner (and outer) beauty shines! 💕 Thank you for sharing.
Healing healing healing - coming your way.  You both are so special in sharing this journey.  I just love your positivity - keep it up. Love.
You are so strong and amazing and inspiring. I will pray for you.
You’re so so strong Bec ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Becca stay strong by resting, taking one treatment at a time, and thinking on how much Eamonn and Oslo love you. Oslo  is just loving on you and he will stay close by. What a special dog.
Sending love and prayers to you.kia kaha my friends
I am so sorry that you are going through this.  Once the chemo is over, you are going to feel great.  Hang in there.
Sending love your way!
❤❤❤❤❤ courage.
Bear looks like he gives you so much healing. He is like your giant furry angel. I am so grateful he came into your lives when he did💗
A pretty and short roaring 20s bob would look beautiful!! 💕🔥
My Mother was Diagnosed with Breast Cancer 68 years ago. She lived to be 97 years old. Do not give up and don’t worry. Her doctor said worry will effect your immune system negatively. I am sending you prayers for healIng , strength and protection. Love and Hugs Nancy
Praying for you! I think it’s amazing that you are sharing this story.
Sending love…you both are very inspiring 🙏🏻🙏🏻💪💪🌞🌞🌞🌞🌞🌞🌞🌞
Both of my parents went through two pretty difficult cancers, my moms being lung and my dad being prostate. Both went through surgeries and chemo and hair loss and both are alive, well and enjoying the heck out of life still. Going through these things gives you such a unique and special outlook on life. It really does put everything into perspective. You’re going to shine from this experience and appreciate every single sunrise and sunset that much more. Many sweet blessings as you go through this journey. I know your going to come out so much brighter at the other end ☀️
💙❤️💜❤️💙❤️💜❤️💙💜❤️
Bec, Scopolamine, it's a patch you put behind your ear for 3 days at a time, it really helped control my son's nausea with his Chemo  treatments.  You got this !!!! Sending you all of our love, support, prayers and hope!!
You are both so amazing. Bec I have you in my thoughts everyday you are a rockstar!!
There is medicine in beautiful skies. 🌅
really inspiring and heart warming on how you guys are handling this tough period in life, its so inspiring and gives me strength and restores my hope in life, you guys have been fighting and winning and can do it, I am so sorry that you all specially bec have to go through all this, but I know for a fact that yall will succeed. If Lee was here, omg she would have given you one of those genuine therapeutic hug and reassurance that everything will be okay.
Sending prayers your way. You got this the both of you, it's going to take it toll on both of you but you can get through this with each other and the love of Oso aka Bear,. Beck you will find that bear will be such a cuddle comfort to you if you let him. Send love to all of you.❤️❤️❤️❤️
Get well soon and wish u have more good news hugs and kisses all the way from sabah❤️❤️❤️❤️
Praying for you Bec!  And for Eamon as well!
Beautiful Bec and Awesome Eamon. Thank you for documenting this part of your journey. These videos are going to help others and their breast cancer journey. Dogs are so healing in our lives 🐶
God bless you both. Prayers.  Hugs
Is always good to know about you guys. Sending tons of good vibes, blessings and love.
What if you tried eating fish or some meats? We are considered carnivores & I can’t help to think that somehow that has something to do w/something?? We’re not supposed to just eat vegetables, my opinion & definitely not an educated one..I’ve known more people on your type of diet that have issues than not
Hello you two, wanted to let you know we are thinking of you both.  Bec because what she is going through and Eamon for the tough soldier by tour side. It won't be easy but all ready one treatment towards healing process. Thank you both for sharing, it is beautifully done and so generous of you. This will help many people going through this journey. Sending you love, courage , strength and all the positive thoughts you need. All the best from the oldies but goodies from Quebec. Xxxxx
This is the strongest Bec I’ve ever seen 💛
Please tell me you guys are gonna adopt that pup. He seems to fit right into your little family so well! ❤️
Yayyyy Bec!!!! I love seeing you make the most of a not so fun situation! You are so strong and a warrior! Stay positive love! You got this! And cheers to Eamon for being such an amazing support system! ❤️🌈☀️
You got this!!! You can do it. Will continue to pray for you. Stay strong
God Bless!
I'm a stage 3 survivor (11 years) and I know that treatment can be difficult but you got this!
Praying for you and sending positive thoughts your way.
❤️❤️❤️🤍🤍🤍🤍✨✨✨✨
you need to adopt that smuppy full time for sure! 🐶🐶
Prayers for you, and your strength is amazing, as well as your attitude. You've got this!!
Thank you for sharing your journey. Praying for strength as you go through treatment and for complete healing ❤️‍🩹
❤️
Bec, I can hear you lean into the *_yes I can_* mantra.  *YES* you most certainly can.  Bec you hit on something that will be so important in tending to yourself during this --- that cycle -- the times when you are well vs sick, when you are strong vs weak, tired vs energetic.  Mastering that cycle through your treatments is what will you give you a much needed sense of control.  It will lessen disappointment that can come with planning something at the wrong time only to have bow out.  Also, I have suggested to people I have worked with that they try to revisualize what is happening when they are feeling really bad after a treatment.  Chemo is like a terrible best friend, right?  It is absolutely going to purge your body of these disruptive, unwelcomed cells --- and it will pound on some good cells in the process --- of course you want it to pound like mad!  But it's crazy to be saying _please keep doing this wonderful thing...that makes me feel _*_so_*_ not wonderful_ .   But Bec, picture it doing its work.  Creating this type of visualization helped them (some of the women I worked with) to start feeling like -- when they were feeling their worst, was when the chemo was working the hardest.  These subtle shifts in perspective, aided by strong visualization work, can be remarkably effective.  ...continuing to send so much healing energy your way.
Hey guys, I’m so glad you have such an amazing energy to go through this, even though some days are harder than others.. My family has also gone through the same (diferente women in different levels of cancer) and all I can tell you is that through treatments they are all cured and doing great, and I do believe that the same will come your way… not the most amazing message, just wanted you to know that I’m rooting for you! Sending best energies, always!! 🇧🇷🥰
I am 14 years cancer free after treatment. Thoughts are with you both xx
Sending love and happy thoughts...
Love you 💕
Hope you will feel fast better after this chemo, love ur dog 🐕 he is so soft and happy 🌸🦋
Thank you for sharing.  You’re awesome.
Is this beautiful dog yours ,
Here's the thing about cancer.... It doesn't care if you're healthy or not. If you eat only organic, or not. It's so easy to say, "science will fix this" or "science won't fix this". In the world, as we know it, science is the best resource we can ever rely on. Keep pushing. Keep fighting. Because in the end, we can only do our best. Tomorrow is never guaranteed. 💙
❤️
Hang in there, you're young and can beat this!!! I had colon cancer in 2003 so know you can survive this and have a great life. In 2020 my wife and I visited Antarctica, just wanting to let you know there can be a great life after this battle.
Continued love and strength on this journey ❤  I love you both so very much ❤  You're both going through this, and we know this. Together this huge family of yours/ ours is going through this process as well 🙏 🙌 💪  Together we will carry you through this.
Imagine if you and Eamon didn’t remodel this cabin for yourselves? You would have either had to recover in your van or in someone else’s home. That in itself is a blessing. That is definitely something you can add to your list of things to be grateful for. 💕
And this too shall pass♥️🤗
Glad to hear your first treatment well. Sending you lots of sunshine from California ❤️
We used the tote hack when we lived in Alaska - best way to transport groceries.
Sending healing vibes and loads of love.xoxoxo
Do you ever get the feeling like you want to crawl out of your skin? I would be so on edge knowing there was this mass in my breast. Just there under the skin. What have your thoughts been on that part of all of this?    Also. So much love to you. Keep sharing. Keep talking. Do what you need to do that helps. We’re hear to listen. To be your shoulder. We got you lady. Arms across the water. Arms across the sky. 🥰🥰🥰
It’s not right for Bec to have to go in alone … she needs you beside her and it is crazy they won’t allow you to go with her
Hi Bec, you are going to be fine,  I was diagnosed 20 years ago. My daughter was 13 and I just wanted to survive.  Chemo is tough but you'll get used to it...I promise. You'll be sick, you'll cry ....you'll get better and get on with your life. Much love to you my dear. I am so grateful for my life.  Much love you to you and Eamon.  Best B
Thank you !! I recently been diagnosed with cancer and what your talking about is real and true tons of emotions
You got this Bec. I had a friend that said that frozen watermelon was a wonderful thing after a treatment when your feeling sick. Even if you don’t swallow it, it is cold sweet water.
Hope your doing better
I love your hair! I am sending you positive energy. Thank you for documenting something so personal. You are very brave and Eamon is an exceptional human. You both are!
I've dyed my hair Pink Warrior in solidarity. Our hearts and prayers go out to you. We love you!
Oh Bec, so wish you were her to give you a hug.💗
God Bless you both! What a beautiful and supportive couple. ...the perfect balance. Oso Bear is precious and he fits right in .  You are going to get through this Bec  with a great support system at home with family  and in this community. Healing Prayers. ❤️ 🙏
I have been watching you guys for a long time. You can do this bec. I believe in you. You guys Will get through this. You both are so strong.
I’ve been so worried about you! So good for the updates! All the prayers strength, hugs, good positive vibes sent your and Eamons way!! We can’t even fathom the miracles he is capable of- He’s working them, in his own time, for you!!! Instead of letting difficulties draw you into worrying, try to view them as setting the scene for my glorious intervention!! Some of My mantras that got me through! Wishing you everything good!!!❤️
I´ve been working for a while with cancer patients (I reserve my position) but the way you cope amazes me, the way you see chemo and the fun you bring to your chemo sessions look great! Hope you get better soon
Love you Bec… you’re in my prayers.
Becs new fringe is sooooo ❤‍🔥❤‍🔥!
🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏❤
THERE ARE NO ALIENS; RAPTURE  |  02/22/2022  THE RAPTURE WILL OCCUR ON FEBRUARY 21/22, 2022, AD, THE YEAR OF OUR LORD JESUS CHRIST. CHILDREN WILL DISAPPEAR AND THE EVERLASTING GOSPEL WILL BE PREACHED TO ALL NATIONS.  DO NOT TAKE THE MARK OF THE BEAST OR ITS HELL.
Keeping you guys and your family on our prayers ❤️🙏🏽
Praying for you....
U stay on my mind the both of u. I lost my mom to cancer n watching your videos bring back so much. I'm thankful for u sharing this hard journey with the world. I'm praying for both if u. Keep up the fight. I have literally gone to utube just to see if u have posted n how u are
Eamon, I can't imagine the helplessness you are feeling.  I know Bec will have a ton of support and I, of course, send a ton of love and caring.  I was happy to see that Bec's oncologist knows how hard this is on the partner.  You are in my thoughts and prayers daily.  Be strong.  It is ONLY 4 more months.  3, 2, 1...
That's so cool you can have a wig made from your own hair! Also being from Australia minus 20 is a bit hard to fathom haha. Best wishes B&E hope it's going well
Sending you both love and prayers. Stay strong ❤️❤️❤️
Both of your mindsets a truly inspirational even in a very challenging time thoughts go out to you guys stay strong 💪
Your hair looks sooooooo cute 👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼
It’s like mountain climbing @Eamon - you plant one foot after the other until you and Bec get there together. Been there and wishing you both a successful summit.
Hugs to you both. You are in my thoughts and prayers. Sending healing vibes your way!
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
You guys are so inspiring. Stay strong. Praying for you both.
I don't know if I'll watch this video because this kind of stuff shakes me up. You've got my love and prayers!❤
💖💖💖💖
i’m so proud of you Bec keep being strong, i’m praying for you
We love you Bec. We are praying for you! Also, who edits your video?
You’ve got this, Bec and Eamon! Sending you an outpouring of love and light.
Prayers. I love you Bec and Eamon.
Eamon busting out the Kathmandu Down jacket.. Odd to see a Strayan brand on the maple syrup channel 😆😆
I love you both so much and pray for fast healing and know with the love and strength you both have this will be a small memory yall talk about later In life ❤ ♥
Love and prayers to both of you! Such positivity in the face of adversity! You lived such a healthy life and seems unfair but you are doing the best that you can. Kudos to you both!
Sending love and prayers!!!
You both are so VERY loved!
You guys will always be in my prayers. My heart goes out to the both of you. Stay strong you got this together. It's so tuff when you do medical stuff alone. This i definitely know all to well. Be blessed.
Healing thoughts, good juju and huge love for you all!❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
When I hear Canadians say its really cold then I figure it must actually be really frickin' cold lol....best wishes and prayers.
Imagine thinking only fat unhealthy lazy people get cancer….thats probably why the universe brought it to ya. Feeling superior is the worst disease.
Thinking of you both your in my thoughts and prayers  Take Care your amazing xx
Best of Luck, Feel better soon!
Sending big hugs and love they the screen Bec 💕💕 you are amazing and strong but also it’s okay to not be strong sometimes doesn’t make you any less amazing 💕💕 love you guys
Bec,  You are such a freaking inspiration! You are so strong, beautiful, loving and just an amazing human being. You out of all people do not deserve this. To see you fight this and have such a positive view and motivation is so freaking inspiring. We all love you and wish you the best!  Eamon,   Thank you for taking care of Bec for us. We also love you. Happy Sunday ☀
I'm sending you strength and courage!!! Love and positive vibes for both you Bec and Eamon!! Much love from Arizona. ❤️
Believe it or not some of the symptoms get less severe in some of the later treatments. It's like the body learns and adapts to the chemo. I had 6 rounds of chemo for stage 4 Lymphoma over a 4 months period. The energy drop became more severe but some types of discomfort became less. Best of luck!
I love you and I hope you are doing well
You are both always in my thoughts and I know you will beat this 100%. Stay strong.
Love and positive energy hugs on your journey. Shout out to Eammon! Being a caregiver is rough. You got this bud. 💕
sending you guys so much love
Praying for you and weeping over here because what you all are going through is so hard. Love you guys❤️
Hoping everything works out! My comment is too late as I would have suggested really investigating chemotherapy
Sometimes the universe gives us things that may look we cannot control but it is not given for us to fail but for us to conquer. Goodluck in your journey. Im 4years in remission from cancer hope that's help.❤️
Most people survive cancer nowadays.  We have come a long way.  All the best to you Bec.  Hang in there girl!  Everything will be fine.  Eat lots of pure organic virgin oil.   It helps to get rid of cancer cells.
You have been on my mind so much and praying you will kick cancers ass ……I know you will!!🥰♥️
I’m just sitting here sobbing. Praying for you both 💛💛💛 you’re both so special and I’m SO happy that you have each other to go through this journey
I'm so appreciative of your open-mindedness to integrative medicine. you can take great care of yourself, and also avail yourself of up-to-date, science-based care. Hand in there.
Sending all the best wishes , Love and hugs on your way! Hang on there!
Thank you for sharing your journey. Pray your vulnerability helps others that are going through a similar situation. Also, love the short hair! So cute 😊
stay strong sister ;^; <3
hell yea. put that war toxin in your body!!
Bec DETOX is the answer including  WATER FASTING and NO MORE FAKE VEGAN PHOOD like so called "nutritional yeast". You are REALLY naive if you think there is anything clean and natural about chemo.  Check out the channel "Chris Beat Cancer".
Hi I love you both so much. KEEP ON BEING POSITIVE THIS SHALL PASS SOON🙂🙃
You are modelling how to cope, not just with cancer, but with all the illness and struggles life throws at us. I know how hard it is to be stuck in bed feeling sick but so glad you will have reprieves in between treatments and also that you have a treatment end date to look forward to. Thank you for sharing your story with us. Sending love ❤️
Sending good vibes your way! You are gonna kick cancers butt! On a completely other note I think y’all may need to adopt Oslo. He brings you both so much joy! Dogs are truly good for the soul.
Bec can pull of any hairstyle I swear and you are doing so strong GO BEC!!!! ❤️
Oncologists make  commission off the drugs they sell/use on their patients.
Sending all of the loves & HUGE Hugs! to the both of you.
Sending prayers of health and healing
Watching every video guys. I cannot express how “with you” I am on this journey.  Sending my love from Australia. 💚
Sending positive healthy thoughts to you both.  You both are an inspiration and do strong.  ❤❤
You got this! You have so many people rooting for you!  Imagine how things may have been different if you guys were still out and about and traveling and didn’t have this amazing home base that you created over the last 1-2 years. Everything really does happen for a reason. You got this!!
I cried watching you both go through this, and I am so impressed with your positivity and resilience … I love watching you guys. Thinking of you both as you journey through the hard days ahead. You’ve got this❤️ Much love and hugs from PEI ❤️ PS. Your hair looks adorable Bec 🥰
If anyone can do this you can. I’ve never seen anyone eat so healthy. Your body has been treated well. On top of all the healthy life style, you fight for your joy. Go gettem girly❤️ And your honeydew  is pretty 😎 cool too.  ( just please heat the car up nice and warm before she has to go on a trip. Brrrrr!🥶) Blessings
your positivity is inspiring.  may God be beside you, always,  on this healing journey.  Together, with Eamon, you can do anything!  Youre in my prayers..  Stay safe...Vickie
Bravo Bec. Somethings remain a mystery. Faith wise..sometimes our maker throws us a ball curve to bring us back into the fold. Eamon you are a true team player..and  your thoughts count too..they resonated with me today. Dog parks are busy in the morning 7=830 and later around 4-5pm..just a thought. Love and prayers to you both. xoxox
You two are in my thoughts and prayers... 🙏❤️
Sending love, prayers and healing energy to you both.
Continuous prayers!
Sending so much love to you both and to your families. Tough times, but also so much to be grateful for as you have said. The dog is your healing balm... so sweet.
One day at a time, sweetheart. Sending ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Bec, it is so hard to watch you go through this after the year that you had last year. I cannot fathom what it is like for you living it. However, all those incredible, INCREDIBLE memories and experiences you have been through prior to this, is what will get you through. You know what life can be like when it is truly amazing and you will have Eamon there by your side, as per usual, supporting you 100%. You will see the darkest days and that is going to fuel you for living your absolute best life when this is just another part of your past. You’re so strong, even though you cry a lot 😆 (I’m crying with you honey ❤️).
I hesitated writing to you about this, as it may not be the energy nor information you need right now. But what the data is showing accumulating around the world is the huge spike in cancers in the 2021 year the year  of the vaccine roll out. Dr Ryan Cole has noted it and in Thomas Renk lawsuits which the data he has been given by the US military Doctor whistle blowers, the numbers are astonishing . Just the neurological injuries and disease increase alone is  1000% and with cancers it is over a 300% increase. Im not sure if you have had the vaccine. but if you have a chance to put off the boosters you would be wise to do so. THe spike protein is targeting the killer T cells, the same cells that target cancer cells. I suggest you do your own research and for ways of getting the spike protein out of your body. Much love on this most difficult journey
Lots of love and prayers from Philly. You got this Bec!! You go girl ❤️❤️❤️
God bless you and your health, your both such champions. 😊
While a difficult journey l can only watch and imagine what it’s like.  It takes some major guts to share it here. Your courage, strength and love offers every one of your followers the encouragement they may need to drive through whatever may be happening in their lives.   What a beautiful gift you’re providing.  Positive vibes thoughts and prayers going out to you and your families.
Sending prayers and positive thoughts. Love Oso- so cute. Such a good boy.
❤❤❤
Sending love and positive vibes your way💚
You can do this. I am 5 years cancer free. I opted for chemo and a double mastectomy. Chemo sucks big time. Dont think about how many more. take one treatment at a time. Your hair will fall out in 19 days. get lots of cute hats and earings. I got my long hair cut shor. I'd never had it short. it was cute! Then it was gone.. It grows back. You will make it!
Sending you healing thoughts.   🙏🏼💪🏼. This is so powerful.  Thank you for sharing your journey with us.
Toxin overload is from vax ines. 100%. Sending you all the love and healing vibes. Just think about this.. if a jab is designed to protect you long term, couldn't it negatively effect you long term? Please look into it and stop.
🤎🤎🤎
Ramon and Bec. I know this is a difficult journey . Thank you for sharing your personal life. I believe Bec is going to fight this . She's got such great support . Hang in there Eamon. You got this . My thoughts and prayers for you 🙏❤️
Bec, you are such a warrior!  You will help so many people by posting your journey.  Thank you for sharing your story,  Eamon and Oso will be there for you along with your family and online family.
Sugar feeds cancer.  Cut out ALL the sugar you can, natural too.  Check out Dr. Sten Ekberg's Youtube channel.  My mother-in-law had reconstruction and ended up with a horror story afterwards.  She had to have them out and they cut her completely around her body.  She has been facing pain and meds for the rest of her life due to having reconstruction.  I would not wish that on anyone.  Please research it very carefully before you elect to do that.
Sending you guys so much love and strength! You've got this Bec because you're strong and you have Eamon by your side. <3
You're in my thoughts and prayers. 🙏♥️ A good cancer documentary to watch is Crazy Sexy Cancer with Kris Carr.
Thank you both for sharing, think of you often
Sending  u much love
Xoxo praying all goes well 🙏 ❤ you got this Beck
Why you treating cancer with cancer do you know what chemo is but anyways your doing a great job with going with all organic foods but look more into soursop ect it’s natural better than chemo
Having stage 3B breast cancer did not make me sick, but the chemo did.  The chemo is also killing the cancer cells so it is powerful.  Don't give up!!!
Large amounts of vitamin C and primrose brakes down lumps that form in the breasts.  Very effective! That and I will pray for you🙏. Feel better soon!
Toxin overload is from vaccines. 100%
I had six rounds of chemo including red devil. None of it was a bad as the worst thing I imagined. Not much discomfort really but energy drops, which is inconvenient but not horrible. Good news it totally eliminated my cancer after just 3 rounds. Hope you get good results!
We love you Bec and we are praying for your safe recovery and fight for this nasty cancer.
I know you don't want to hear it, but the covid shot has a lot to do with it. I know Canada forced most of you all.
Can you imagine people going through this who are not privileged or may not have family (or cute dog & partner)? It can cause bankruptcy. Its sad that so many people are getting cancer these days. The rate in Australia is 1 in 2 women, 1 in 3 men, and its similar in other Western countries. I can appreciate how you said, you're glad you're going through this in 2022 because there are better treatments, but cancer rates were not so high 20 years ago... you may not have had cancer 20 years ago. Also, I noticed you drink tap water, unfortunately glysophate has gotten into everything now, it is water soluble. Not saying thats it, but look into it. Bayer says they are phasing it out, but they will just replace it with another toxic chemical. Also, now there are studies showing the va c c i ne can make cancer return. We live in a toxic world :/ can't escape it even if you try.
I can't even imagine what you are going through Bec and Eamon also. Love ya'll so much - From USA 💚☮🤟🏻- Jeep
Bec my sister that has the same name as you back in 2002 had stage 4 lung cancer and to this day she is still alive and doing fairly well. She went through radiation and chemo. So you will do just fine. There is not a day that passes I don't think about you. Sending you lots of hugs and love. So proud of Eamon too. Love y'all
One day at a time and sometimes one moment at a time is all you can do. When my husband was in his first round of treatment, we learned to let go. We are almost 4 years since his diagnosis. Every moment is a blessing. I found you guys when we were in NYC for his first treatment. You helped me escape for a bit. I totally understand what you are both going through. Allow yourself to feel tired, angry and scared. Honor those feelings. Then the love and grateful feelings can rush in because you are not focusing all your energy on being brave. And hold on to each other. There is another side to treatment and a start to what we call our new normal. Thank you for sharing all you journeys. You are both in my prayers.
Big hugs. Thank you for sharing this journey
lllooooovveeeeee yoouuu guuuyyyyyss :)
I’m really hoping you will get well and conquer C. I had my breast biopsy last feb 15 and i almost had a breakdown of stress and I just prayed so hard. I can feel how you felt. Hope and prayers for you also. Goodluck!
Love you Bec an tell eamon to keep those hugs coming!!!! You guys got this best team ever!!!
You both are not alone . Cathy and I are both cancer survivors and can relate . You are doing this together and through the up and downs your bond of love and strength will endure . I cannot tell you both how much we appreciate you let us follow your journey . The largest strength you have is a positive attitude and your love for each other . We care deeply and wish you strength and love . Cathy and Gord
This episode had me a little teary eyed. While I don’t have cancer or know anyone who has gone through it, I do have type one diabetes, and I am going through a little bit of a rough patch when it comes to motivation to keep taking care of it. You guys are so inspiring in your journey to look at the bright sides of situations and still acknowledging that it’s tough. I love the whole idea of liquid sunshine, making the term a little brighter in this valley of life. Long story short, I want to say thank you for being an inspiration to all viewers no matter what’s going on in their lives. There’s always something to learn and people to lean on when times feel almost impossible!!💗❤️
Hey Bec! I have been keeping you in my prayers! I just gotta say YOU GOT THIS GIRL! Keep on doing this! Were here for you guys! (PS: Kara and Nate are Telling us to help! and they say hi)
Thanking of both of you and many blessings and much love ❤❤❤❤
Remember, one day at a time. 🥰🤓
We love you xxx
Being thankful for something small everyday… wow that’s beautiful!  Rest well so you can fight this fight.  Thinking of you!💕
How much soy do you eat? I’m not trying to be an expert but perhaps your body has issues with soy?
💪❤️
I hope someday I can meet an Eamen. Guess I have to be a Bec first.
Thank you for sharing! The raw and real emotions are bringing me back to my diagnosis 2 years ago today. Know you are not alone, your feelings are valid and real. For you both!  Sending my love and good vibes 💓
Love you guys <3 stay strong
Thank you for sharing your journey. Prayers for healing.
I can give you no more than my prayers! Health, healing, love!
Seeing these videos just breaks my heart! Yet by the end I always have a warm feeling! I just love the way that you both try to remain completely positive! I love you guys! keep your heads up 💛
My Nan went through chemotherapy at the KGH as well and let me tell you the nurses there make the experience much better and so much easier. You’ve got this Bec!💛
Stay strong!
You are a very strong, beautiful women inside and out...to share such a difficult journey shows your strength...you may not know us but we are there for you in whatever way we can help.....stay strong....
BEC, I am amazed at your strength and positive energy.  I came across your channel about a year ago,  and I have enjoyed going on the adventures with yall. Thanks for sharing your journeys.whether good or real life. Praying for yall.
Must have missed the episode when they got Oso....is this same dog they previously had and why do they have him again??
You guys are in my thoughts every day. Sending love and positivity your way. ❤️
Harriet and i have been with you for awhile as subscribers and as patreons and haven't missed a video. It's hard to put into words how we feel about you guys. We feel a bond and connection 💖💖 with you.  As always, our thoughts and prayers are with you both .We are a community . Sending you lots of love 💖💖  Jim and Harriet. Richmond, Va.
I'm more amazed by you every video. You are so special. Thinking of you each day and sending all my love <3 You got this!
Laughing with you and crying with you. You’ve got this and there is nobody better positioned to beat this than you
I love your disclaimer about how you’re feeling and how you’re getting through this phase of your life. When I was going through chemo, I felt so overwhelmed. Instead of being proactive, I just trusted the doctors and got through it one day at a time. I tried my best to just pretend like it wasn’t going on. I guess denial worked pretty well for me lol. There are so many different ways to get through it, and as long as you keep fighting, you’re doing it correctly 🥰
Don't worry about how you share your story mama, you are already such an inspiration to us all. Peace and love.
Both of you are so strong! I am so sorry that you are going through this..<3 Sending you love and support. You got this!!! <3
You're a rockstar. I know everyone who goes through what you do is a rockstar, but thank you for sharing your journey. I wish you the best of health and spirit
Praying for you love❤️❤️❤️
Sending you guys love, strength and positivity to get through this challenging time. We’re always here for you
You got this! 💪🏻❤️ you can beat this!
Eamon helps
Poor thing 😢😢
This is crazy
Chemo is the furthest thing from “liquid sunshine” unfortunately.
Say I got cancer
Keep your head up because bec you got this!!! Your gonna beat it!! I’m praying for you both!! Love you guys!!💛 🙏
Thinking about you guys often sending all the good vibes ❤️
Sending all the prayers, love and strength to you guys 🥺🤗
You’re both so strong and I knows it’s inspiring so many people who watch these videos. I’m so glad to see some positivity in your week after your first round and I hope it’s been able to stay that way as you’ve had your next round! sending you love and kindness everyday and I hope you can enjoy many walks in the snow even if they are only short ones :)
Thank you for sharing your journey with us. This is hard enough but yet you pick up the camera, I admire your strength to keep going.  I've heard to chew on ice while taking your chemotherapy, that it helps reduce the nasty taste and helps prevent your glands from swelling. God bless you and your husband.💜
Sending love.  ❤️💜💙💛🤍💚🤎🧡
Sending positive vibes
Hi. I just binge watched all your videos. I could not believe you have cancer Becca! I had gotten side tracked by Lee and started watching her videos and felt horrible about what happened to her. The one thing I keep thinking about is a lot of woman I know that did fertility treatment got breast cancer after it. Don’t know if a fact or not. Just something to check out. Sending you lots of healing energy and lots of love. 💖
You should choose to have a double mastectomy so you don’t have to go through all of this again if the cancer shows up in your other breast.  One and done.
Big love and prayers for you both ❤
🙏🏽💛🙏🏽💙🙏🏽💜🙏🏽💚🙏🏽❤
I love your hair short…you’re so cute!!!
I'm glad you got a dog that make you happy and give good hugs it all helps
My aunt had an aggressive rare form of breast cancer almost 3 years ago. She went through chemo, trial medications, and flew all over the country for care. She’s currently almost a year in remission. It happens. You got this!!!
I just finished watching- just know that you are both in my thoughts everyday. We love you guys so much ♥️
Thank you so much for being so vulnerable & sharing this real, raw & extremely difficult journey with us. You two are so amazing 💛
❤
You are an amazing woman,  🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰 hi from New Zealand
You two are so amazing and strong. Also such a wonderful example of what a partnership should be.  I'm so glad you have Oso Bear. Puppy love is magical. (He is also basically my dream dog. So I'm super jealous. Please squish that boi's face for me lol)  Sending all my love and thoughts ❤
Thinking of you both every day. Sending love and support.   This will be tough but you are stronger than you know.  I believe in you.
Is oso max and Lee’s dog? Or did you just name him that for lee’s sake?
Because you are sharing the gift, of  this journey,  with your community , shows your true grit …. sending  you light and love 😘
Love the hair cut with bangs. 😇🙏💪we have great prayers & love your way. 🙏🥰
Thank you for sharing this difficult part of your lives with us. There is probably so much more that we can't even imagine going on. But sending love and positive energy. 💗🌌
So proud of you both for your strength and resilience. The love and support you have for each other makes me cry. I’m currently in grad school studying Biochemistry - my research is redesigning cancer chemotherapies. Watching these videos lights such a fire under my butt to do good work every day, even if it feels tough. So much love for y’all. Grateful for your videos but know there is no obligation to share.
Probably best to avoid the dog licking your face anytime, but especially during chemo treatment-  https://www.cancer.org/treatment/treatments-and-side-effects/physical-side-effects/low-blood-counts/infections/safety.html
Stay Strong lovely 😘 you are doing so well 💋
Keep it up Bec! I’m an oncology nurse and I’ve seen first hand how tough the chemo treatments are! You got this :)
You're a winner Bec, do whatever it takes to keep anxiety away.
You got this! We love you!
My mum has breast cancer, and she got her final chemotherapy. I really hope you make it through this, just like my mum is. God bless you.
Thank you guys for having the courage to share this with us..I wish you nothing but the best...
Life is so maddening sometimes. I’m glad to see you enjoy the little moments of life. I think travel makes you appreciate the moments of pure happiness even when things don’t go the way you have planned. I guess life can be like that sometimes. Continue to enjoy those moments as you have been and cancer doesn’t stand a chance.
As an old nurse, I find both of you amazing sharing this journey.
you look beautiful your so strong and inspire so many sending a hug such a pretty place you live another great video your dog made me smile the one thing cancer can’t steal is your shining spirit
Ondansatron really helped me with nausea on the 3rd after treatment, you have to pay for medicine not provided in the hospjital but oh so worth it.
Sending all of my love and light ❤️✨
Once again thank you so much for sharing your journey. The both of you are incredible! I hope you are both well and are taking care of each other on this difficult time. Sending love form Australia 💕
Sending so much love and healing your way Bec, you got this! You’re an angel in earth
Cancer is not bad luck it's usually hereditary. I had cervical cancer when I was in my 30's. I had radiation treatment. I wished I had done my own research on natural healing rather then taking radiation. I have had side affects from the radiation treatments that have changed my bladder since then. There is no way in hell I would ever put chemo poisons in my body. The damage chemo does to your good blood cells is not worth the risk in my personal opinion. Cancer runs in all the women on my mothers side of my family. They all went through chemo treatments only for a new type of cancer to develop months later. They all eventually died from cancer. My mom and my 3 aunts. I am not a Debbie downer just a realist who has been there. I am a cancer survivor of 30 years now. I am 66 years old. I take care of my body and eat organic, vegan foods. I am not on any medications. I believe in natural healing and the power of prayer. I will be praying for you that God will give you strength and your body will be able to over come the poisons that chemo leaves inside of you.
Troupers 💕 thank you for the share
Eamon you are an amazing partner being there for Bec but also I would say if you can also do therapy it's hard. so hard . You guys are very gracious for sharing your journey. I wish you only the best
Y’all have been in my thoughts and prayers this past week. So glad you have round one in the rear view mirror. You are consciously looking for the positive and that is so key as we tend to find what we are looking for. The short hair is adorable so rock on with it!
Some of the best advice I received from my breast surgeon when I expressed how afraid I was about being sick was you'll go through your 1st round of chemo you'll see what it's like and then that's what you can expect so you can prepare. From my oncologist it was eat things that you've never tried before because for about 7 to 10 days after chemo I would lose my taste and if I had never tried it I don't know how good it's supposed to be.
Sending you so much love guys, you’ve got this ❤️❤️
It takes a lot of courage to share this difficult time with us. Both of you are such strong personalities and when everything is over, you will be even stronger than you are now. The most important thing is not to lose your sense of humor and a positive attitude, even if it is sometimes it's hard. I know you can get through this difficult time together. I send you lots of hugs from Germany and wish you all the best......... and by the way, I hope you keep Bear,its the perfect Dog for you ,hes an Angel on 4 paws 😇  😘😘😘😘😘
Just remember you have over 1 million people that have not and will not stop thinking about you for a single day, we are all with you throughout this even if we are all scattered around the world 🌎! Sending lots of love and positivity 💗
Rest dear Bec. Please rest. Rest nonstop. Don’t worry about doing anything but rest and heal... your lifestyle will help you heal, your body will help you even if you don’t do a thing in the next months. A good diet does help though, specially with BC, but, don’t worry too much, eat whatever you can and feel like. You have done it all right and your previous lifestyle will help you. Trust me, I’ve been there, done all that. My cancer was a rare aggressive, non operable, horror story, more common in men over 70’s and I’m a woman going into my 50’s and I destroyed it with the help of chemo, radiation and the amazing Norwegian healthcare system. PS. The injections on the belly, for the immune system may cause some weird chest pain and it is normal. Don’t get scared. It means your young and strong immune system is fighting back. No one told me about those pains on the chest before they happened and I got very scared for no reason. Some pain medicine help control the chest pain.
Check out cannabis oil for a possible cure for cancer.  It cured some1 i know from stage 4 cancer.  The person i know had stage 4 brain cancer and after taking cannabis oil for 2 months, the tumors completely dissapeared.  Even the doctors could not believe it.  It worked very quickly- no joke.  Check out Rick Simpson cannabis oil cure on Youtube.  This is how i found out about this.
Including you in my prayers for healing and recovery. Ramon is very loving and a great big support. God bless you both🙏❤️🙏
Your diagnosis really shook me... I had this (naive) belief that if you were plant based and ate mostly whole foods you would be safe from disease or cancer... and when I heard about you getting cancer, it honestly made me rethink everything. How I spend my time, what I really want etc.. Life is so precious and we must savour it all while it's here.  I just want to say thank you for sharing this journey. I'm in awe of your strength and optimism through all of this and the amount of love and light you both emanate is truly beautiful.  Love you both x
youre SO incredible bec, so proud of u <3
Thank you for being so open and courageous in sharing your journey. This has such personal meaning for our family, and your strength and positivity is unbelievably helpful.
Bec, I am thinking of you and Sending hugs and positive thoughts to you… and Eamon is doing amazing too
Bec you look so cute with short hair!
I am honestly feeling so thankful you turned this journey into something we could go on with you. It is powerful. You guys are amazing and strong. Sending so many happy and healing vibes from GTA area 🇨🇦❤️positivity is everything
Thank you for sharing this journey with us. You both are incredibly inspiring and seeing you go through this really and staying so strong is beautiful & amazing.  We love you guys!
You’ve got this Bec! You and Eamon are a great team and together you will overcome! Continued healing prayers.
Sending all my love and positive energy Bec 💖 you got this girl 💪💪💪
Love your new hair cut. Bear is wonderful dog. He bas a good vibe. Good energy he Will give you both.. Hope that you will be is forever home. Very intelligent.
When Bec said “she was hoping there was more than just bad luck” and I can relate to that strongly. I have tics and they started as a sudden onset and haven’t stopped. The neurologists weren't able to give any real answers. Although we are going through something completely different I feel as though I can relate to the frustration of answers. I pray for healing for you and peace and comfort to cover you 🤍
Hey guys. Bec, I'm sure you're hearing everyone's story about going through this journey with someone they know, or themselves.  You're right when you said you don't want to start taking on others' situations, however, listen to my story because it's the best one.  Haha. I was fortunate enough years ago to have found a lump in my boob and by the time all tests and appointments were done the lump was the size of a golf ball.  Yes, it was cancer but it was totally encapsulated.  I was in the Army then away from my family and that's all I'll say.  That was in '76' and since then my mom had boob cancer and my sister had what you have.  She is still here, bitch, with new boobs.  She had reconstructive right after.  She did lose her hair, but what came back is so attractive.  She lost straight brown hair, and it came back in as salt n pepper curly.  We didn't let her dye it, well that is only because I have had grey hair since I was 18 and I still dye my hair Purple Jam at 66, and I needed her to look older than me.  (she's younger)  Haha  Thank goodness, you have Eamon.  I won't say names, her husband was not a partner through her whole ordeal.  That's how he handles stress.  So seeing Eamon fight through his feelings so he can be there for you is nothing short of awesome.  You'll get through this and yes it will be hard don't hold back when you need to cry or scream.  Let it go.  You may feel like smothering Eamon sometime in the night when he's sleeping and you can't, don't do that.  Don't forget to ring that bell when you're done with chemo. Smash it!!   I'll be here pulling for you.  Love you 2.  Oh yeah, I've been drinking AG1 for 2 months now because of you 2.  Thanks.  Love Oso too.
Super proud of the both of you 👏 everything is going to work out because of who the both of you are .... you've got this guys 💪 PS  Does anybody know what breed of dog Eamon and Because have please  ?  He's bloody gorgeous.
Thank you for sharing your journey.
so proud of you loves! By the way, where is your comfy set from?
sending hugs and prayers for both of u, Ms. Bec u are always part in my day to day rosary, been praying for u! <3
Bec!  So glad you are able to have your treatments along side others.  I remember getting to know other patients in the "chemo lounge" and celebrating when each person finished their last chemo until before I knew it, it was my last one!  You got this and you were right just one step at a time.   Praying for you. ❤
Love you both ❤️
These vlogs have been so real, so beautiful. We love you and are thinking of you both.
Who’s dog is this
Please check with your Dr if they're ok with you taking additional vitamins and minerals (Athletic Greens). Some things are forbidden. Just mentioning, having had 2 cancers so far at age 43 :) Love you guys.
My mom had breast cancer and she shielded me and my sisters to her experience.  In some strange way, you sharing your story has made me feel closer to my mom in knowing what she had went through.  I have so much gratitude for your share and appreciate you sharing your journey.  If there is anything I can do to lighten this journey for you, please let me know. Sending so much healing love and light!
I’m just crying. So much love in this video! You guys are so strong and we’re all thinking of you 💛💛
Prayers you will make it through.  My fathers wife had breast cancer and after having them removed and treatments she later found she had ovary cancer, which was the cause of her breast cancer.
You are such a powerful strong woman Bec & you have the most supportive family & friends & fans behind you my friend. You got this if anyone can kick this in the ass you can . Love you & many many prayers are with you sweetheart. Buddy I’m so proud of you I know u are always beside her . Keep up the good work kids . You all are such a inspiration to all of us .
Bless you Bec and Eamon sharing your progress with the world, I cried when you were, your increadibly brave Bec, new hair style suits you cute xxx
You’re an inspiration to me, and eamon is just amazing … I’m from Montreal and the weather has been crazyyy! Stay warm you two xoxo
Sending healing vibes from Houston, TX all the way to Canada!!! Bless you on this journey Bec and much love to Eamon for his love and support of you! Prayers to your family and friends too for what I know is lots of support and love 💜💜💜💜💜
Can I just say you are so inspiring! I had to go through the fertility treatments but I cannot imagine going through that then treatments BUT I have worked with and know many of the people who work at the cancer clinic at KGH and they are amazing and you are in great hands! Please know I am thinking of you and praying for you. You are amazing and please remember you are so strong and an inspiration.
I love you all so much. You both are so strong, even on your difficult days. Stay warm!!
Sending love and light!
O breaks my heart to see you cry. My mom is a firm believer zero sugar greatly helped her.she went thru exactly what you are.and did fantastic.she is 2years clear.💓💞💕keep smiling 💓ya doin great.and thank you for sharing
I just spend like 20 minutes explaining about you all to my hubby and I am so crushed that Lee and now you are going through what your going through we love you guys so much and we pray every day for you and you will be ok and you will make it through this Bec have faith be strong Amy from Alaskan bush people had stage 4 cancer and she got through it you can too btw my friends dog is named OSO so cool and btw Eamon you rock your awesome being who you are my god your a blessing ty for taking care of our BEC
Picture all thoughts kemos  slaying and carrying all the dead cancer cells away!   And when your sleeping your healing!    And hundreds of thousands of people are praying for you! Across the world!
Prayers for a speedy recovery! 🙏🏻♥️
Bec and Eamon - Sending love and positive energy to you from Seattle. My wife Siggi was diagnosed with cancer in the fall of 2011, she visited her surgical doctor last week and was told she is officially cured of cancer (10 year checkup)! I was fortunate to be able to be with Siggi for infusions and try to help through the downs and ups of the whole process, you both are strong enough for the mountain you are about to climb!
Dear Bec.  I am so sorry you are having to go through this terrible time. I didn’t have to go through chemo but I did have to do the radiation.  I am thankful Emon is with you.  It is your body and only you can feel your own inside.  I played the game that as I was laying there for the treatment; it was all I could do to keep from laughing.  I just imagined God’s healing power coming into my body.  Saying to myself, ‘man thinks he is the one who is so intelligent.’  Yes man has learned to capture and use what the Lord has placed here on this beautiful planet.   I have much faith for you.  You are starting this journey as one very healthy woman.  Praying for both of you.  You are still radiantly beautiful ; even with your head in a bucket.💝🙏🙏🙏💐.   Also being thankful for all the hard work you put into your lakefront property to heal in.  Glad you are not in a van now.  Blessings.
keep going girl, you're doing great! you too eamon, your support is always there!!
Still praying for comfort and peace.
I love a doggie who's a good bear! My big boy is a very good bear! It's important to find the right home. 💛
Love you guys so much big hugs
Reminds me of when I lived in the Colorado Rocky Mountains in 40 below weather. We use to have to take the battery out of our truck and put a heater on our oil pan. And then there were days that the truck never did start because it was just to cold.
You are a gift from god to all women. You are a ray of sunshine to all who are suffering. You have reminded me to never take anything for granted and live each day as it’s my last. You have taught me to give to others and always try to be positive. I know there is divine intervention watching over you bec, god bless you, we will all be with you on the other side of this. - An Australian viewer
Prayers for healing.
I'm Praying for you Bec and Eamon.
Bec just take it a day at a time you can do this I know you can do this Eamon is a great support partner I’ve always been the support person I’m my marriage now I am my now support partner I fell couple weeks ago so I’ve seen Dr and now I have to have surgery so I get where you are imm70 not looking forward to surgery but I get it I’m strong and it is not my first rodeo ride you are doing great all things considered and I’m so proud of you both sending the love to you both and many many prayers 🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🌈🌈🌈🌈🦮🦮🦮🦮🦮
Hey, I know you're dealing with an unbelievable amount of stuff right now, and I'm sure you have advice coming from every corner. But I want to share that I got to watch and help my dad go through chemo, and pot helped him a TON. He was really resistant to trying it, but it helped his appetite and nausea significantly. If this suits your healing plan, I recommend talking to your oncology team about it. Thank you so much for sharing this with us, you're doing so much good for people who are going through the same or will in the future.
Love you too!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I’m sending you soooo much love and healing energy Bec!
Bec you're such a strong remarkable woman. Thank you so much for taking us on this difficult journey of yours. You and Eamon have brought so much joy and positivity and I only wish you the best.
❤
Thank you for your bravery to share your story. Your story is healing others who feel alone, and will be an encouragement to others who will unknowingly start the same journey in the future. I'm so sorry COVID is forcing separation during treatment. As a healthcare professional, I HATE this pandemic is keeping families apart when togetherness is so healing/helpful/supportive. Praying for healing and strength for you both!
Thank you for being so transparent with your journey. I am praying to God who is the Great Physician to heal your body and to  let you know He loves  you so much.
sending all of my love and prayers to ya'll ❤ all. my. love!!!
❤️❤️❤️❤️
I'm sending you all love and positive vibes you guys! I am so sorry you have to go through all of this. You are such a beautiful person with an even more beautiful heart, and you don't deserve this. I love you, and stay positive. ❤️ 🤗
Sending you love and warm wishes from Connecticut!  You are braver and stronger than you even know and I’ll be sending you strength and power every day throughout your treatment and beyond!  You got this Bec!  Love to Eamon too!  You are truly an amazing man!
Bec you are you are an amazing woman so sweet I hope only the best for you and sweet Eamon
Love you so much you both. I'm so proud of you Bec. Life is pracious. I'll be with you in this journée.
In asia we clear breast cancer in diffrent way with out chemo theraphy.  God be with you bech. All is well
You are a beautiful soul who is strong and brave and all the amazing things that make you you. If anyone can beat this it is you I believe that 1000%... keeping you both in my thoughts and in my Prayers.
Hope you get better and come back to your van life.
Thank you so much for sharing your journey with us! Just know that you have so many positive vibes sent your way every day.
We have the gene for ovarian cancer. We've all had our overys removed after we've had our kids! My hubby and I went thru IVF.     I messaged you about that though.   I think your smart staying away from the support groups. I went to 1 for the I V F  I only went once and that was enough.  Lol.       You guys are and keep your self so healthy . Keep that up and you'll be fine!  Lean on your man! I did and he was more support then I needed and my mother in law! She was great! I love that WOMEN,      love love love your new doggy!     Look into Orange oil!
Always thinking of you guys! As a side note, Vitamin B6 is a great vitamin to take to help with nausea.
stay strong and stay positive and keep fighting!
🌸 Sending love and prayers from Harts, WV. 🙏Thanks for sharing your journey. 🌺 Stay positive and Kick A$$. 👊 Love you! 💐
God-bless you prayers sent......
Found you guys years ago when I had a sudden fascination with van life. Stayed for the genuine human beings that you guys are. Praying for you, Bec. You are so strong and I know you will win this.
did you report this as an adverse reaction to the jabb ?
Being a person who's fairly unhealthy but understands teh wanderlust, it's tough seeing (who I perceive) to be one of the healthiest people still get cancer.  You will make it! And yes, feel blessed to have all of the opportunities available to you at this time :) It takes great courage to share yourselves this vulnerable.
I was diagnosed with breast cancer at age 36. That was 23 years and 10 days ago. Bec, you will find your balance between strength and weakness, and grace and grief. Continue to write in your journals. Twenty years from now, you will find such an unexpected gift in those written words. Know that forward is not always a straight line.
I have prayed for you, Bec. I'm so sorry you're going through this ordeal. I admire your positivity. I believe trusting Eamon's distrust of the medical industry is HIGHLY advisable. People get cured of cancer, not because of their toxic treatment (many die from it), but in spite of it. Stats show that most die within 5 years because the cancer returns elsewhere in their bodies eventually. Chemo and radiation actually cause cancer and destroy your immune system.  It's no wonder you're confused as to why you got cancer in the first place after such a healthy lifestyle. One thing to consider if you've had the Covid shot: Doctors are reporting dramatic increases in cancer cases in vaccinated patients. Rates of other illnesses in the vaxed have also soared, esp. clotting issues.  It's so good you're eating healthy, but at this time ramping up your diet to radical juicing and eating 80-85% raw is paramount. (Cooking food kills the enzymes your body so desperately needs.) Please consider doing a Gerson-type diet which has cured many from cancer as well as other illnesses. I urge you to check out Dr. Lorraine Day's webpage and diet.  I wish you well from my heart and will keeping praying for God to continue to give you much strength and courage through this challenging time! Huge kudos also to Eamon who seems to be such an essential, admirable support for you.
Thank you so much for being so open and courageous to share this with us. Sending lots of healing energy your way.
Oh thank you
You both are unbelievably special. Sending all the healing prayers your way!
Bec you are an inspiration and so brave and strong to be sharing your journey, red pee and all.  Your determination and positive energy is palpable.  Eamon you are there for Bec every step of the journey, as I read in someone's comments you two are Sunshine in human form.  Always enjoy your content and have great respect for what you are currently sharing.  Love and light to you both. 🥰
Hang in there. My  Thoughts are with you all.
you both are amazing! You got this! And can I say, your doctor also sounds like an amazing person! :) He has such good energy, just like the two of you :)
Do RICK SIMPSON OIL & CRUSHED GINGER ROOT!! I have a friend that has eliminated his stage 3 cancer doing so... YOUR going to kill urself doing chemotherapy..Not a good idea
One day at a time, kiddos. You got this.
God bless and hope things work out. Just finished radiation and chemo 3 weeks ago. I hope they worked. I won't find out for 3 more weeks. Did they give you a port? Makes things easier.
I have been through this with my brother, nephew and dad.  No one has the same path.  Do you.  What ever feels right for you.  Prayers for you everyday.
I have only experienced this with my late husband he passed it will be 26 yr soon but he opted not to do chemo he did radiation and working in healthcare 48 yrs I don’t feel he made the beet choices … but watching you share your journey with all of us is s beautiful thing just as you are beautiful and you have the Bert partner I see do much love there my thoughts of love ❤️❤️❤️❤️and prayers 🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾are with you both right now just know I respect you so much for what you are doing and this is a scary time ❤️❤️❤️❤️🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🌈🌈🌈🌈 may the blood of Jesus come to you and rid your body of this invader and that he give you the strength and guidance to get you through all and your journey in Jesus name god bless you 🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾❤️❤️❤️❤️🌈🌈🌈
How are u my close friend just from vlogging? But you are… and you are a champion. You help motivate us to deal with our hard things. Thank you. I cried several times thru this as i hate that you are suffering. And to think people deal with this constantly. I am sorry you have to deal with this. I love you, Bec. Hang in there. This will pass. So proud of you.
I love you guys!! That is all. ❤
Continued prayers ❤
Heal Heal Heal 👊👊👊🌞🌞🌞☀️☀️☀️ light and love ❤❤❤❤❤❤
So very proud of you Bec!  What a great example you and Eamon are for all of us!  Prayers for strength as your treatment continues. 🙏💟🙏
I love you guys! I literally went out and got bangs to help support you guys in the best way I can.  I’m praying and I know you will conquer this!
Oh Bec, I know you don't know me but I say prayers for you every night. I am sad you have to go through this. I am glad you have family and Eamon to take care of you through this. I train dogs and Eamon is doing a super job training Oso.  Thinking of you both and saying lots of prayers for healing.
Hey! Just wanted to comment to caution you about the footage where your health card is visible. It's pretty sensitive information so just wanted to make you aware.  All love and best vibes to you both on this journey :D ❤
I'm praying wish I could give you a hug.
Healing prayers are with you and Eamon
You are such a blessing to this world! I can't imagine anyone watching this and not feeling so inspired by you guys! Keep it up,everything is going to be alright!
Thank you, Bec! Thank you for your bravery & your strength to share your journey.  Thank you, Eamon. Thank you for being a stand-up man and being real about your journey.  Thank you, Osso.  Thank you for the snuggles (even if you DO lick your butt). ♥️ #BecTheBrave
I have been struggling with mental health ever since my childhood, at 26 years old, (i'm 44 now) I got really sick with depression and ever since I have had to deal with depression, anxiety, stress and at times, panic attacks.   I cry at least ones a day and my boyfriend can't hardly make a sound without me getting startled🤦‍♀️🤷‍♀️  But every day I find something to laugh, or at least smile about, and I do my best to be the best I can be with what I got. Life can be so brutal, I know you know ❤  I'm not quite sure why I telling you all this,  just wanted you to know that if this old fart can find happiness and strength in this mess of a life, then so can you, but you already knew that 😉 Kiss&hugs all the way from Årby, Denmark.
honestly thanks for showing the pee lol i was curious 🤣 much love to yall!!
God be with you....not many people know what your going through...god bless
🙏🏻 for you. What a courageous couple, riding this storm together. Bless you both! I pray for your full remission to be as comfortable as it can be. ❤️LOVE❤️
Grace, style and strength; both of you are amazing. Thank you for sharing your journey to health.
I know so many good people including you guys who's going through rough things like this. . And yet I know plenty of horrible people who never go through anything bad. I'll be honest . It gives me the bloody shits that life does that.
Eamon you are a great caregiver and husband for Bec! Lots of love and healing prayers for you two. I'm Mexican so I would be making you burritos every day! 😘🙏❤,
I came across your video today. I am a retired RN and a breast cancer survivor. I have great empathy for you and everyone that loves you. Accept the love offered. Be gentle with yourself. Write your questions down so they all get asked and answered. Be hyper aware of changes in your body. Do not hesitate to contact your health care team for any suspicious changes.  They don't have a crystal ball, you will be the first to sense a change. Best wishes
You are so amazing Bec. So brave for sharing your story.  Eaton you are the best support system she could ever have. Love and prayers for both of you.
prayers for you
sending you love and prayers <3
Sending you big hugs 🤗
Keeping you both in our thoughts and prayers❤️
So inspiring! Sending light & love from Central Texas! 💜💜
I don't know you but I love you guys, the way you handle things and take time to share and show us this journey, it's amazing and it's healing in a lot of ways. Hopefully everything good you give, will come back to you. Hugs from Argentina
We are with you Bec (and Eamon) every step on your new journey of healing…sending you both much love from sunshine California.  💗💗
Great job Bec. Eamon you are amazing taking care of Bec. The love that shows up on camera is beautiful. I am praying for you guys. Stay strong.
Prayers and more prayers for you Bec, and also for Eamon and the wonderful support he gives you! Awe heck, even sending one up for that beautiful awesome Oso Bear! TFS! 👍🏻🐶🐶💕🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
Thank you both so much for still putting out videos I'm sure it hasn't been easy I was also wondering if Bec has looked into using marijuana and or THC to help with the nausea and to help with her appetite much love and light to you both
You don’t know me, I’m proud of you. That’s all, carry on…
I had to pause the video halfway and have a deep, long cry with you, Bec. I’m so grateful for your perspective throughout this experience. I have so many thoughts that I want to share so I’ll just spit them out. Chemo might feel slow and daunting but before you know it you’ll be looking back at all you’ve accomplished. Next, I really hope that Eamon has somebody to talk to about how he is doing with this. I can’t imagine how helpless it must feel to see your love struggling. Third, your haircut is so adorable. Finally, I really hope you consider adopting Oso. I can see how much he lifts both of your spirits and he clearly loves you both. Sending 💙, thinking of you constantly and sending little wishes into the universe for your speedy recovery.
Take care. Sending it lots of love and good wishes on your journey. 💕💕💕
Hey Bec & Eamon (You, Bec have drawn the short straw for a while so you deserve to be mentioned first now ;-)  )   Lovely Bec, This is a challenge like climbing a mountain.  You can do this. You are in a perfect healthy body except for the lump.  This is a fight in stages and you will get to know the stages and you will be able to prepare physically and mentally.  Use the good days to celebrate!  Rest enough and don't think about what people might expect you to do.  It is now all about YOU.   Eamon is a great support and your medical support are no doubt a great support.   Eamon... please know the pharmaceuticals is what Bec needs to fight this disease.  It saved a lot and I mean a LOT of lives.  Survival rates have gone up year-by-year!    This chemicals and the immunotherapy (herceptin and other monoclonal antibodies) will destroy the bad stuff (and true also some of the good stuff).  And if you get radiotherapy (some doctors do and other do not.. not all breast cancers are the same) that will be part of the battle.  Rest a lot! And drink a lot (as your body has to excrete the garbage breakdown products from the treatment)  !  Eat proteins as after breaking down your body also needs to build.. proteins matter!  Proteins is the stuff your muscles and organs are made of.  And you need carbohydrates!  Because this period your body is doing double duty and needs the energy.    Big hugs from a Belgian Biotech nerd-fan.
We want to shower yall with love, support, gifts, cards and positivity! Love you both so much....and so thankful for Oso!!
5 months of a zombie for 40+ years of life to live after.  You got this honey ♡  we love you!
Bec first off there are this like hard candy that will help with sickness while doing liquid sunshine. It is mainly for women who are pregnant but can also be used for when people are going for liquid sunshine to help deal with the sickness. The brand name of the one that I know is called Preggie Pop drops, if there is any maternity stores or you can order them online. You might be able to find others, I just know of these as my dad and grandfather used them when they were dealing with their liquid sunshine and it help them. When I was expecting my son they help with my all day sickness. It might be something to look into to help.
God the roller coaster of emotions while watching this. Constantly wiping tears away.
The words heard deep in my soul...."I'm really proud of myself." Yes, Bec, you should be so, so proud of yourself! You guys are doing great. Keep a sense of humor if you can. Back in 1989 my mom went through treatment for lung cancer and her chemo contained a substantial amount of platinum. My dad used to tell everyone she was sitting on a million dollar a$$ 🙂
Sending you lots of love 💗
I want to add my good thoughts and supportive vibes to the thousands that have your back.  It will have to seem, I am certain, that you both are walking a path alone, and in some ways that might be true because it is your special life after all.  But, when you need an ear or a support to lean on ... your people are here and this is for both of you, you are only alone if you need or want to be.  Power on.
The hair is SO cute. But then, Bec, you are so spectacularly beautiful anything works for you.
You both are so beautiful. My heart smiles and also hurts for you both. Prayers for you both and stay strong! You got this! We all love you❤️🙏🏻🌞
I’m so inspired by you. You will be in my prayers and thoughts. You are so brave.
Wow throw power you both have is felt by all of us. It’s become so much more that just following my absolute favorite YouTubers. Love you be strong
Bec,  I am a liquid sunshine BC warrior myself, and I’ve taken the same medicines you are currently taking. The first is the worst but you will find a new rhythm. I promise! You will absolutely find your joy while doing hard things. Big hugs!
You are both stunning examples of love and kindness.  Your journey is one of grace... and we should all feel privileged to come along with you.  Thank you for sharing.  May you continue to thrive.  Oso... too.  What a good dog.  <3
You are continually in our prayers for strength, peace and calmness and healing! Hugs and love to you both.
You got this Bec!
I’ve been through “liquid sunshine” for triple negative breast cancer in 2015 and 2018. I lost my hair the first time but used a cooling cap on the second one and mostly kept my hair. I recommend it if you can find a way to access it. If you take some treatments that risks neuropathy (numbness from damaged nerves in hands and feet) I really recommend to ice your hands and feet during administration as this reduces blood flow just to those areas that don’t need treatments anyway which reduces exposure to the chemicals. It avoids pain and a weird numbness in your feet that can sometimes be permanent (I mostly avoided long term problems but had to reduce my treatment dose part way through) and in your hands it avoids numbness and clumsiness. I kept dropping my knives and forks after my first treatments. My coordination hasn’t come back 100% but I went from really good beforehand to average now. Second time around in 2018 I iced them and avoided the problems. I just used ice packs but you can get specialised cooler gloves that I know others have used in another hospital that I didn’t go to.  I had the “red devil” first time with another drug at the same time. I don’t think that causes neuropathy but other drugs that come later probably will. Well done with the exercise. As hard as that might be I discovered it’s one of the most important things you can do for yourself away from the doctors for long term recovery.   Good luck with everything. You’re doing really well. You have so much support. It’s great to see.
Love positive postulations shrinks guardian angel sending it out in the universe for you
I hope they adopt this pup… They all seem to fit so well.
Bec, you are a beautiful person and incredibly strong!!! You are going to beat this thing! There is no doubt in anyone's mind!!!
I've commented  before, during your Morocco vid. The way you guys were able to connect with the locals, pure magic! There are a lot of " influencers" out there", yet not many, are actually able to offer something of true value to others. Your storytelling, humbleness, and ability to convey your emotions , wherever you are and whatever you are experiencing... in such a way that always inspires others, ( even while you're working your way through this dis- ease) is powerful. This is TRUE story-telling!. Thank you. Sending healing energy your way.
You make me cry. I'm a guy that was brought up not to cry, but I feel like you are my family.
Sending so so much love. And I love you are calling it “liquid sunshine”. Whatever helps you get through is beautiful. Love the new clothes and fun video watching you have planned - going in to the room each time with such positive cosy vibes 💛💛💛
This is so inspiring. Thank you for sharing your journey with us. Sending you both all my love and strength.
🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻😘
"Liquid Sunshine"! Much love for you and Eamon! Mind, body, and spirit are critical on this journey! You are the true light with your efforts to heal your body! It's exceptional that you are sharing your journey and truly helping so many in the process! Healthy and natural foods are healing and aiding your body in this fight! My prayers and good thoughts are with you all the way! Keep smiling! 🥰😍😘🙂💟💐🌹💐🎉🌞🌠❄☃️❄🌈🌞🌈
Chemicals (chemotherapy) can be a huge asset on your journey toward health. But it is a balance!  Your veganism, your fitness level, and your overall commitment to a healthy life WILL SERVE YOU WELL in your journey to blast that f-ing cancer out of your body.  Girl, you're going to be just fine.
Watching your journey and keeping you in my prayers.  Our daughter-in-law went through what you are going through and she had the same type of attitude.  God bless.
You guys are some brave. Thank you for sharing. Praying for you guys🙏🏽
Something very superficial to start; Bec you look adorable with short hair!  Really stunning.  I feel like you have the optimal circumstances to be going through this and the two of you are doing just beautifully - so conscious and mindful.  So much wisdom in the way you are handling it.  I'm assuming that Oso is now a permanent part of the family?  He is so beautiful and such a perfect fit.  So glad you have his unconditional love and joy at this time.  Thank you for bringing us along on your journey.  Oh, the funny friend videos were brilliant!  What a great idea.  Much love and blessings to you.
you know what would be kinda fun is if before you lose your hair you cut it like Emon's. sending healing vibes your way!
Thankyou so much for sharing your difficult journey with us all! You both are so brave and support each other through your love for one another! If love alone can heal you Bec, then you got this….Stay strong sweetheart, even though times will be very tough, your positivity is amazing, and for other women who may be going through the same, wether now or in the future, you truly are both inspirational……Thinking of you both everyday, and praying  for you both! Lots of love from The UK……XXXXXXX….By the way your doggy is soooo cute and lovable! 💜 xxxxx
Go Bec go!
Aww Bec your positivity is inspiring, even though some days are rough just remeber we are all rooting for you with all of our prayers and positivity. We love you guys so much <3 and I'm really grateful to have the opportunity to get to know you guys. May God always give you guys the strength, courage, and the healing that you guys need each and everyday <3
Sending you strength and light.
Hard to watch, but beautiful at the same time!  Love to you both!
It is gonna be really tough for you. I know this from my own experience. But hang in there Bec! Love from Norway!😍
BEAUTIFUL BEC.... you got this!!!! know that it's ok to not be ok through all of this, but you are strong and you got this regardless. Eamon, you got this as well! you both have each other and you both are going to kick the living sh*t out of this crap!!!!! You may feel horrible but know that you sharing your story is going to save others lives. Of course cancer sucks, it's not fair for anyone to go through and it's such a depressing thing to hear about and see others go through but something about you and this journey, idk... you are going to crush it and it makes me smile to have that feeling. YOU GOT THIS!!!!!
Hugs!
https://youtu.be/dcdAj0e86aw This is a powerful book. It access is the power within us to heal anything
Your energy and positivity through such a hard time is inspiring your a beautiful soul
You guys deserve the best. I hope everything works out for you.
Hey I just wanted to let you all know that God loves you tremendously and that Jesus Christ is the way to healing, deliverance and salvation. Whatever your going through Jesus Christ has the answer to your problem and wants to help you. “For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.” ‭‭John‬ ‭3:16‬ ‭  May God bless you all❤️✝️
Oh sweet Bec! I wish you the best recovery. I can't imagine why someone like you would get cancer but the light you bring even in the darkest times is admirable. Proud of you and sending you a big hug!
Wishing you an easy journey with your chemo. I hope you have a lot more really good days than not so good.
Thank you so much for sharing and being so vulnerable. I know this is a long and scary journey but know you have a whole community of people thinking of you.
❤
I was my mom's caregiver when she was going through chemo, surgery and the shots she got later, most of them I had to give her.  So I empathize with Eamon on that.
The love and strength that you both share is blowing me away. I’m sorry fortunate to have come across your channel. Love you guys. Thoughts and prayers💕
Hope the best for you guys.
May God bless you 🙏 and by his will  you will get well soon.
Sending love and light! So proud of you both for the humans you are, inside and out! You got this! Xoxo
1 John 2:16, NIV: "For everything in the world--the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life--comes not from the Father but from the world."
Some of the hardest things in the treatment of cancer is the fear of the unknown and the wait for treatment to begin. Our instinct is to want that tumour out asap! You are going into this as a healthy, fit, well informed young woman so you're already in a better position than many others. However, this is your experience and your feelings and they are real and valid. Your attitude to chemo will make a difference, just keep visualising that cancer shrinking and dying. You have all the love and prayers holding you up.
1
You look beautiful Bec! You got this Bec and Eamon 💪🏼😎 Sending positive thoughts, good vibes, and lots of love to you both!
Stay positive! You'll beat this. My mom luckily didnt have to do any chemo, or radiation. She decided to do a full double mastectomy, but it was still a long road. Just make sure to pace yourself. This is a war of attrition, and staying positive will help alot.
I just want to say may good be with you throughout this chemo journey. Get well soon!
Our body is an incredible, super complicated machines. You can do your best for it, eat well, organic, drink the best drinks, be active, mindful and all the good things but sometimes something just goes wrong; see it as a short circuit and it’s not your fault, there isn’t anything you could have done better to avoid it, it just happens. You can continue doing what you do, adding the medical help and eventually and hopefully it will recover with time. All the best to you.
I am so very moved by your story Bec. You both are beautiful people. The power of your vlogs for me is that I truly care for you both, even though we will probably never meet. It feels like always checking in with a couple of good friends. I send my love to you both. ❤❤
To Bec... you are a strong woman... facing something scary.  god bless you both... you both have beautiful souls
Your so brave guys! Im so proud of yall such a beautiful couple......also once i was a kid and we where on vacation in Central America i was sick with a stomach bug or something and i went to pee and my pee was that orange/red color it was crazy
Cheering you on Bec and Eamon!! thank you for sharing such a vulnerable journey with the world. In some way, it makes us feel less alone even when we're not going through the same thing. All my love <3
I agree with all the comments about how a dogs love can be healing and encouraging. Let him nap with you when you want to. I am a believer in the Almighty God and I am asking Him for healing for you BEC!!!!
Honestly I wanna say something positive but I hate that you are experiencing this. Wishing you strength as you go through this rough situation in your life and you see the end of the tunnel soon.
Sending Love and Healing always. I think about you guys through the week and can't believe how much a couple from Canada I've never met have captured so much of my heart.   I know you can do this! You have such a beautiful soul and the positivity that you express is going to be be returned to you. Shout out to Eamon for all his support. You're not just the guy behind the camera. We love you both ❤️
I admire your wonderful support Eamon. Lots of men leave at this time. Hang in there baby.
🥰😘
You both are such beautiful souls !! Thank you for sharing your story. Try ginger chews to help with the nausea.
🙏🏻💕🤗
I’m balling my eyes out watching you go through this!! You have such courage to post your journey online. I’m sorry Eamon can’t go into the hospital with you.  My mom passed away from breast cancer 25 years ago so this hit home for me! Stay strong Bec 💕
Prayers for all of u! ❤
I am so unbelievably proud of the both of you. Sharing this type of content is seriously beautiful, but I know it must be difficult at times, so thank you a million times over. I have been dedicating my daily meditations to you guys, so I am truly sending you all of my love ✨
❤️
I commented on your first cancer video, and I will try to leave a little message on each week's video, in case it helps you to know that I can relate to many parts of your experience. ❤  I mentioned that I have been largely bedridden and housebound for the past 2 years with ME/CFS.   There are some days where I feel less weak / fatigued and I can stand up and cook a meal and I have to agree with you... it's one if the BEST feelings to be able to do simple human things that make me feel productive and not so useless! I have been having an exceptionally good week, and have been able to do lots of things that bring me joy, like getting organized for gardening (I just planted my first round of winter seeds!), working on an acrylic painting, getting my own groceries (a VERY rare occurrence), and cooking lots of fresh food!  I can also relate to that lingering thought of this will only be short lived, and soon I will find myself back in bed, riddled with pain, unable to open my blinds (due to severe light sensitivity during a flare), sleeping and resting, and being cared for by my loved ones. 💙  It takes so much mental and physical strength and perseverance to go through these types of experiences, so just know that I see that and recognize that, and applaud you for getting through each day with so much gentle compassion for wherever you are in your journey.
You both are amazing!   We are here to lift you up and give you the strength to get you through this road to healing!
What do you mean when you say "less screen time more book time?"   like is it to believe that technology caused the cancer? idk what you meant by that?  Or is it that due to the chemo and radiation you can't be using any technology in those appointments, etc. and therefore you need to have items to occupy you that don't include technology?  because I'm like you, I haven't been to a bookstore or even a book section in a store for SO long. The last books I bought were Twilight and the House of Night series, that were physical books. I absolutely love digital books and the digital Era. Less to lug around.
Sending bug hugs to both of you. Oso seems like a great therapy doggo <3
Eamon & Bec - thanks for being so vulnerable and sharing your journey. Prayers & hugs from San Jose, CA!
Thinking so much of you. I struggle from nausea but like y’all try to keep the processed food minimal. If you want ginger ale for nausea try zevia sweetened with stevia of Olipop cassava based!!
Thinking of you both.
May God be with you.  You can handle this with the help of the Holy Spirit. Prayers sent your way.
stay strong !!!!!!
Loving you. My mom just finished one year of treatments...for cancer in the lymph nodes... It was a long tough journey... And we are still waiting on ne t steps.... Please lean on others as much as you can... We are all behind you. My homecare nurse recommends 1 or 2 boost meal replacement drinks as a suppliment to keep weight on and energy up. They're high in sugar... Maybe blend with ice and hemp seeds? Be brave... And if it's an option.. If your team ever suggests it.... Consider breast removal if it's only in the breast tissue.... I had a friend do double removal over 15 years ago.. And no more cancer since... Fingers crossed. Your heart, brain and your Beautiful smile... are precious... Boobs are just a perk.. If it keeps you safe... Maybe just think about it if it gets suggested by medical team?  Hoping and wishing for the best for you now and always... Xoxo... And on a blue day... Remember your friend Leigh, is always with you... I am very sure she will be with you every step of the way.
Warm hugs to you both.
We love you guys, too❤️🙌🏻❤️😘😘😘😘
I love sleeping! I feel as its my body’s time to heal. Bec I know these things you can’t control are scary, YOU are terrific inside & out!
Get well soon!🇧🇩✌️
Im so proud of u, i will say it everytime but u are such an inspiration to girls who watch u, keep up the amazing job<3
Dear Bec, I just want to tell you that you're strong and yes U are Strong!! I know that Eamon is by your side and helping you get thru this journey!!  You really are stronger than you think cuz you know first women are Rockstars & your mindset is strong! I remember sitting with my Mom getting her chemo and wondering how in the Hell is she doing this! My Mom at that time was 72 and she had small cell lung cancer! She was a longtime smoker! She unfortunately didn't make it but 6 months from diagnosis, she had a lot of other health problems and her 22 yr was yesterday  being gone,Feb.19,2000! But I know you're in Excellent health and strong so YOU GOT THIS GIRL!! Side note when did u get ur dog? I don't think I missed a show!! But I know that our pets can get  us thru all those bad & good times!! So whenever or however your dog will help you!  Take care hun and we'll see u next sunday!  Debe from  Va 🥰🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗😍
You are healing those of us who survived & didn’t have the support or the validity of that darkness. You are incredible for sharing this
Wishing you all the best . You are inspiring let us in to our journey .
I've mentioned before that you look very much like my niece Kaity and when I'm watching you on camera it's often like I'm watching her. Your recent trials have maybe been more emotional for me than for most of your other viewers. I have been praying and sending positive energy your way since you had that previous health scare. As much as if I were praying for a close family member.   The good thing is that with your channel you have probably the biggest cheerleading squad cheering you on.  So, "Bricka Bracka Firecracka Sis Boom BA! We know Bec can do it! RAH-RAH-RAH!  I've written a lot of messages to you today but I have one last thing to say. Be like the Little Engine That Could, don't 'think you can' come through this in flying colors 'KNOW you are!' going to come through this feeling great and being cancer free for many, many years to come.'
So so proud of you Bec 💛 I love you so so much and liquid sunshine for the win!! Xx
Bec I have been keeping you in my thoughts and prayers 🙏❤ This isnt a easy journey you and Eamon are on but its a journey that you guys are walking out together with group of ppl who adore you and support you. Blessings friends
Sending you both soooo much love!!!
Spending lots of light and love.
So glad to see your vlog. Praying for you!🙏❤
You have a beautifl soul and you will get trhough this!! Sending lot of love
Sending you positive energy 💖   Not as good as an Eamon hug I’m sure but the best I can do under the circumstances.
Sobbing the entire video 😭.  Cancer is my worst fear.  You're doing amazing Bec! You're positive attitude will aide in the treatment & healing.  Eamon... You are such a great partner & supporter.  I love you both.  ❤️❤️
It’s not my place to say, but maybe you’ll see this and think about it. I know people personally who follow a super healthy lifestyle, but got cancer. The only thing that that they know is that they had severe emotional trauma they never released. I’m rooting for you and I know everything will work out. I hope you are able to release any trauma you don’t need to hang on to anymore!! Hope to see you in Colorado one day!
So proud of you Bec 💪🏼 prayers for you both 💕
I think it is really great that you have that dog
Prayers for God’s healing.  I know personally Chemo sucks!!! Organic Bay leaves are helpful  bowl like you would tea.
Sending so much love and prayers ❤️. This community love you Guys so very much ❤️
Eamon, Bec…you two are such incredible people. Just the way you are reframing your situation, calling it a journey and your treatments Liquid Sunshine is amazing. I’m truly inspired by you both. Eamon, the way you’re so brave and supportive of Bec is so beautiful. Bec, your courage and bravery…not only battling cancer but sharing it all (ups and downs) with the world is amazing.  Been praying for you both and your families and will continue too!! ❤️❤️
Youve got this bec!
Bec: I can't tell you how much peace of mind your videos bring me. I have my biopsy next week and i am finding so much positivity and calmness watching you going through your own process. Thank you so much for sharing your journey. It is helping so many...including me. I continue to send you love, healing, and lots of positivity. ♥️
Sending much love and positive, glorious  vibes to you, Bec & Eamon. ❤
Thank you for the update, Everytime I think of you I say a prayer. You are so inspiring!!, I love that you are sharing your incredible story and how you are not only taking care of your body but your mental wellbeing as well.  Your haircut is so cute!  Looking forward to seeing the next video. Take care and. Continue to stay positive. Emon you are a rock!
i just hope you kick the ass out off this bec you are both an inspiration to so many people around the world and i hope you remind yourself of the people you have inspired. Bec you can beat this and we are here all the way for you both
I wish all the best Bec to you and Eamon you are so strong and you’re very inspiring. I love your videos and I’m looking forward to next Sunday.  I’m sending you love and light.  By the way you look amazing with your haircut and even more beautiful.
Standing with you both ....in solidarity with the creation of laughter liquid sunshine healing and grattitude....supporting your EVERY moment laughter joy grattitude and tears ! Wrapping you in love and support
If you’re losing you’re hair , I am too, I’ll cut it off #fuckcancer
❤❤
☀️ 🫂 💕 🙏🤟
Bec, or Eamon. There's something you need to be aware of when having your surgery. That's the chance of developing Lymphedema afterwards. Most likely in one or both of your arms. It causes swelling and a lot of other stuff you'd rather not know about right now. You should talk to your doctors about this now so if it should happen you can get on top of it fast so that it won't have as big an effect on your lifestyle or health. The problem is most doctors don't know anything about Lymphedema. Surgeons are more likely to know about it. I wasn't so lucky and years went by with me asking doctors about what was happening to my legs and getting no answers. When I finally found a vascular surgeon he took one look and sent me to the local lymphedema clinic for treatment but by that time I was already at stage 3 (worst stage for lymphedema) and my life and health are miserable dealing with it for hours a day. Every day, non-stop. So, I hope you'll take heed and educate yourself, keep an eye open for any signs and get therapy asap. IF it happens and IF you catch it early you will thank yourself for forever.
so so proud of you both..you'redoing great...keep holding on to the little things and releasing the yukkies
Oh my gosh, you take me back. I used to go to chemo sessions with my second husband after his diagnosis of brain cancer and after his surgery. I was there for the surgical recovery, but he thought I was a fat man with a cigar and because he couldn't smoke, I pissed him off. And I went for the radiation but you can't go in because, duh, it's radiation. But I loved all the markings on his now-bald head where the radiologist would color differently and I would imagine that had to do with angle, level, etc. We agreed they'd make some vicious tattoos. And then chemo was last, so we'd play cards while he was in the hospital getting his infusion. I would ask the nurse, "When is he getting the stuff that makes him goofy? I never win unless he's goofy." She thought that was hysterical because, I guess, it's a pretty depressing situation for most people but we were just this amazing team of young people, blissfully unaware and determined to just carry on. We did, he was cured, but he'd become quite disturbed by the ordeal so please do take good care of your mental health. He is gone now, and not from cancer, and the tears on my cheek should tell you that I am writing you from my heart. I want you to live, but I want you to be happy more than anything. Please don't just live your life, love your life. And if you don't one day, you can change it overnight. I've done it several times and as a Native American Elder, I will say, it's not easy, but it's totally worth it.
Bec, you are doing everything right.  One further tip from my mother, who had a lifelong heart issue and who faced three open-heart surgeries, is this.  When I asked her what she does to get through it, she said she envisions the time after, and makes plans, ie, this time next week I will be back in my own bed, this time next month I will be healing on the couch watching movies, this time next year I will be going on a trip.  She made plans for the immediate, medium, and far future and kept those plans in the forefront of her mind.  For whatever reason that my mother was faced with this challenge in life, it made her an incredibly empathetic and wise human that spread gentle understanding and kindness all around her.  It elevated her to a higher consciousness.  For me, I learned that pain and trauma is to be embraced for what it can teach us.  Easy to say, I know, and harder to do.  I think you are doing it.  Love and light to you, Warrior Woman!
1Peter 5:7 Casting all your care upon him; for he careth for you.  Prayer Love Bec 🙏🏻👼👼👼
Just to let you know Bec's that  you've been on my mind and I'll be here with you every step of the way, and Eamon your doing a great job looking after Becky. Sending love ❤ your hair looks so cute also.xxx
As a cancer survivor and true admirer of you both, thanks for sharing this very real part of your life. You will help a lot of people see the actual journey of a cancer diagnosis, treatment, and triumph of beating the beast. Because you will survive to travel to more destinations. ❤️ HUGS 🫂
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Hi, I’m a new friend to your channel. I want to let you know first of all your not alone in this fight, so many others including myself are fighting alongside of you. Im going to tell you about my start of my breast cancer journey. I was diagnosed with stage 2 triple negative breast cancer back Nov.5, 2020,..that will always be a day I will never forget. That day was a whirlwind and I think I was pretty much in shock because I let out a little laugh when the dr told me my biopsy results showed breast cancer and it was more than likely stage 3. It took a little bit for that information to sink in then it hit me hard. That day my life changed completely but even though it was a sad scary day I still tried to see the good into being diagnosed with breast cancer. This year has been a hard fight and I couldn’t imagine having to do this fight alone. From Dec 2020 to June 2021 I went through 14 hard rounds of the strongest chemo out there in hopes to kill out the cancer. My lump was 5cm which is about the size of a golf ball but they were hopeful the 3 different types of chemos I had to take would kill out the cancer and shrink the lump and thankfully it did shrink the lump down very small compared to what it was. The first two chemo I took was together in one setting and was Doxorubicin and Cyclophosphamide and I did 4 rounds of it. One had the nickname the red devil and met me tell ya it was! That chemo was the one that made me lose my pretty hair in just 14days after starting it.! Next was the Paclitaxel and it ended up making me lose the rest of my lashes and brows, it also caused me some mild joint pain and mild neuropathy issues but thankfully those issues are fading away thank the good lord y hair and all of that are now slowly but surely growing.  Anyway my cancer lump went from 5cm down to 1cm. During that time I was on chemo I lost all my pretty hair, and then the lashes and eyebrows and was so sick with severe nausea and weakness and all of that really took a toll on me mentally and physically. After I finished chemo in June they did a repeat scan of my whole body inside and out and there were no signs of cancer to be seen but that didn’t mean cancer wasn’t hiding in there somewhere so I’m now taking chemo pills for a few months as a precautionary things because the lump they removed from my breasts did test positive still for a small percentage of cancer but not as bad as it was so the chemo pills will help get anything that is hiding. So as for now I am in early remission and I hope I can say I am completely cancer free someday. Early august I had to do my first surgery for a double mastectomy then a week later I had to do a second surgery to have breast expanders put in to start the breast reconstruction process that I am truly grateful for getting to have the opportunity to do. Many women don’t get that chance because of where they lump/lumps are located and thankfully mine was located at the base of my right breast and I was able to do the skin sparing/nipple saving breast reconstruction. I will be doing hopefully my third and hopefully my last surgery coming up soon that is called a exchange surgery where they will exchange the expanders that has helped stretch the breast skin and replacing them with breast implants. I have been documenting the past 12months showing the good bad and the ugly sides of dealing with breast cancer and will be putting all those videos and photos into one cancer journey video and I hope soon to share it on my channel in hopes to help someone else with my experiences I had to go through during my breast cancer journey. Sending all my love and prayers your way and know you got this fight. Never lose hope and fight hard! God will help guide you through this journey. Sorry for the long comment but I felt in my heart to tell you or anyone else dealing with this awful disease that you have a forever friend here with me and you will not fight alone! Sending much love and prayers from southeast Kentucky 💙💗
Praying for you both.
Oh girl,  I had to do 5 types of chemo for a year.  Good luck! It gets very hard towards the end of chemo. Prayers for you.
One week at a time.. You got this!
You're doing great love!
My dearest Bec and Eamon I cry with you, I laugh with you, I console you with the words " this too shall pass", love you guys💕💐💕💐💕, hold on with the love of the Lord.
Stay strong Bec🙏🏼
You are so incredibly strong Bec! Eamon too! All the emotions that you have to be having are beyond difficult to manage yet you are able to do so. I think of you so very often and send you lots of love and good vibes for a completely healed body. Stay strong Beautiful and know that you are not alone for a second!
I Hope you get well soon..keep going...my prayers to you! God bless both of you and will grant you the courageto go through every difficult moment..also love your dog!! One of your Morocan followers and fan.
Prayers for strength for you and Eamon as you travel this journey.  You are not alone!
Sending you so much love :) hang in there beautiful
You guys are in my prayers. The journey you are on won’t be easy. Just always love each other through the process. ♥️
Thank you for sharing your journey, as a cancer survivor this brings it all back and so real to me. I sent you a DM in Instagram, sending you love and support from a chances survivor who knows exactly what you're going through.
are those packages made from recycled products or does it become? Because all those single use packets are horrible if not....
Praying for you to breeze through these treatments with minimal side effects. Thanks for sharing your journey. 💞
When I was going through 10 months of recovery from multiple knee surgeries in a straight leg brace, I would say to myself "it is what it is". Sounds too simple to be worth anything, but it did help having that mind set and having a way to express it, even if it was just to myself. Then when it came time to recover from having a brace on my leg for so long, which took, believe it or not, 2.5 years, to get rid of any sign of a limp and be able to walk without pain. I had to go through sometimes a lot of pain to get full range of motion again. I had to say to myself "I just want my life back" to push myself hard. My advise to you, is get outside as much as you can. You live in a beautiful place. Treasure nature and people that support you. It helps soooo much. I had to do my bit alone and It is sad to say (after I figured out a way to drive) that for me there were times when just parking in the Target parking lot just watching people was the event of my day. How sad is that. Eventually I could I would spend time next to the water where I would kayak a lot. That motived me to get that knee bent enough to figure out a way to get into a kayak. Anyway, enough of me. You will get through it and come out a stronger person after it all. It will go faster than you think. Keep that in mind. In the mean time I'll keep you in my prays and thoughts. Take care and stay positive. Lean on Eamon. He obviously loves you and is there to lean on, not to mention he can cook. Bonus!
Girl you're  awesome,  stay strong  stay safe,  and   support  is a two way street,  and you both have a handle on that. Prayers, good vibes and can we have some of your snow ❄ please. From a new subscriber,  after watching your time with nate and kara. From the  🇬🇧  xx
May God heal you and get you strength threw this hard time. God bless you with a loving man and family! Praying for you
Those kisses from Oso (sp?) they are the best right.  He is so dang cute and cuddly.  Great job Bec with the first go around.  Love the phrase “liquid sunshine”. You look fab with the new doo 🥰  Lots of love being sent from Massachusetts (USA) 💋
You got this bec! Thank you for allowing us to come on this journey with you guys. We love y’all! 💕
Bec, this doctor's video on the benefits of Near Infrared light is very technical but I think you'll get a lot out of it that might help. He's at Loma Linda Hospital, one of the best hospitals in the US and he's quadruple board-certified in Internal Medicine, Pulmonary Diseases, Critical Care Medicine and Sleep Medicine through the American Board of Internal Medicine.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5YV_iKnzDRg
You got this Bec!!!! ❤️🙏🏼❤️🙏🏼❤️🙏🏼❤️
Raman, you are being so wonderful for Beck, it must be just awful to see her suffer so. Respect to you man.
Hey Eamon and Bec, I have been following your journey for a few years now starting when you were still vanlifers. I bawled my eyes out when you shared your diagnostic. It seems so unfair, especially since you are taking such good care of your health. You are on the right path with nourishing your body with clean healthy food, exercising and keeping up a positive mindset. I’m very impressed at how you’re handling the situation. I wanted to send you a great book but I see you didn’t share your P.O. Box. It is from author Veronique Desaulniers, Heal Beast Cancer Naturally. She’s a Canadian doctor. I did a lot of research about breast cancer when my mom got diagnosed. She got surgery and she’s cancer free :). I wish you continue being strong and staying positive, and you will beat this!! This is only temporary, once you’re done with treatment and detoxing your body, you’ll be stronger and life will be even sweeter! I keep you in my prayers and sending strength and support to you! Thank you for sharing your journey! 💛
Sending lots of love your way ❤😘❤😘❤😘❤😘❤
My thoughts and prayers are focused on you and Eamon.  You are such a fighter so we are all behind you ready to kick it into touch. ❤
💗 sending continued thoughts of love and light to you both.
Nothing bur love and positivity for you both
Thank you for sharing what you are going through. I have been watching your videos for years. I have no doubt your truthful documentation of your journey will help and inspire so many. Wishing you health and happiness ✨
My friend just went through this and I told her about you and she said the number one thing that helped her was staying positive. She said don't let your emotions take over. I don't know if you are religious but I am and I pray for you every day. You can do this.
When your through trying everything else, try Jesus. He’s literally taken control of my body several times and just took away symptoms I couldn’t handle. I think He likes to prove He exists so...give Him a chance. I was so surprised to find out how He knew absolutely everything about me, even stuff I’d long forgot, before I ever knew Him. He told me He was always just a word away. So speak to the sky. Watch what happens. Cast all your fear into the fire. Dive in and get lost in the rush and flow of the river of life. It is the most amazing journey the human soul can ever take. I wish it for you.
Oso is adorable 🥰
You’ve got this Bec!
Namaste Bec & Eamon!🙏….I’ve been watching you guys since the Freestyle Friday days…Bec, I am so humbled by your raw vulnerability and Eamon’s nurturing side is so sweet to see!  Stay strong and Bec…if you’re struggling to do yoga just remember yoga is all about the breath so make sure to breathe intentionally every day & don’t forget to add your mantra of affirmation. You got this!🌺🌈🌺
Rooting for you everyday!
Thinking of you  and praying for you 🙏❤💛💓
As always, such a positive approach to this.  You will do great.  Sending love and strength from Rural Mexico.
So proud of you both !! Your both so strong xx ❤️
❤️
Love you Bec.  Sending you a virtual burrito!🙂
You two are always on my mind, I started bawling when you first shared this because I know sharing this journey takes a lot of strength. Continuing to keep you both in my thoughts and prayers xo  Much much love and blessings ❤️ I believe in you bec, you’re inspiring alot of us to find gratitude midst our own challenges as well.
You go girl ! I'm 17 years strong and you will do well. Your attitude is great and that's half the battle. Prayers going your way and positive thoughts 🙏
Eamon, you’re a great partner and we all love you too. 💜🧡💙💚
You can do this.  I've been living productively with active cancer for five years and still going strong.  Reach out if you need any ideas. Prayers to you guys!
#SUPERBEC&EAMON            ❤❤
We are PROUD OF YOU ❤️
Prayers for healing!🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
The shorter hair is so cute  on you ! Bec the beautiful
Incredible story you are sharing... so authentic and inspiring. Love you guys. Keep those positive vibes flowing x
Vid is definitely triggering. Thank you for being so raw in sharing your experience. So proud of you Bec! Keep on fighting girl.     Eamon, Don't know if anyone has asked you, but how are you handling all of this. We see you being so strong and supportive on the surface, but how are YOU doing/feeling?
No Words can describe how i feel for you guys. All prayers and love for you Bec, our hearts are with you <3  Be safe, and strong <3
Love you guys. Keep up the good work. Sending virtual hugs
I went and had genetic testing done about 2 years ago. I have Lynch Syndrome,  I got it from my dad's maternal side. I go every year now for cancer screenings like colonoscopy and endoscopy. My dad had colon cancer back in 2013 and had to do chemo and radiation therapy he also has his right side of the colon removed. In 2020 he had to have surgery again on his duodenum as there was a pre-cancerous lesion. My dad was upset when he found out I had Lynch Syndrome but like I said to him I am not mad as actually I am happy to know I have it and I can be proactive with my cancer screenings.
The first chemo is the worst 1 but it does get a little Easier I had stage 3 breast cancer with some off my lymph’s affected to I had a mastectomy I chose not to have reconstruct but I’m jst over 5 years cancer free and chemo is ruff I wish you all the luck in the world I’m shour you will do jst great and come out the other side great…xxxxx
I wish you a speedy recovery  I pray for you
💙
I knew something was wrong as Kara mentioned something on the Kara and Nate channel. So fortunate, you are in Canada because of our health care system. You can focus on healing rather then thinking about racking up bills, not to mention our amazing Doctors. I love your positive attitude. Many blessings to you. EDIT: dear, if you haven't been prescribed it already, ask the Dr. For the anti nausea pills called ondansetran. Very useful for chemo nausea. Nurse of many years.
My wife was diagnosed with appendix cancer a couple years ago. It was for me a very hard pill to swallow. For us chemo was not a bad experience. My wish for you is Bec's body to kick cancer's butt. Since chemo my wife's cancer has been dorment and has not came back. There is hope. I want the best for you guys.
I’ve been vomiting for 6 months every time I eat or drink I’m sick. I’ve lost 5 stone anyway I’ve had some scans done to find out why. I just got a call from my gastroenterologist they have found two lumps in my bowel I have a colonoscopy on Thursday only problem I can’t keep anything down and you have to drink two litres of fluid ( laxatives) I’m hoping it’s nothing bad but if it is I will be strong like you.
Wow that was powerful,  thank you for sharing.  Sending love and  positive thoughts to the 3 of you ❤ ❤❤
Sending you so much love and positive vibes. I’m also so excited you are fostering bc dogs have amazing healing powers.
You two are amazing. Thank you for taking us along the journey even though it may not be easy. We’ll see you in the next one. Take care. From a fellow Canadian.
My cousin just beat cancer yesterday and I truly believe you will defeat your cancer too!!! I’m rooting for you from California !! (:
Oso is a brilliant addition. He makes Bec laugh. It’s difficult, Baby talk by Bec.  Wishing you the best. I hope Bob can come visit soon ! Miss him in the vlog!
The way you are both handling this and the mind set you both have (at least what you're choosing to show) is mind blowing.  It's inspiring 🔥
Thank you Bec!!! Thank you for sharing this. You’re an awesome/super strong lady!!! Eamon you’re a great dude!!!
I hope you keep the dog. He loves you guys already. You are both very special!!!
Bec, I mentioned this before but my doctor recommended this book by Norman Cousins when I was going through a very rough time with my health. It's called 'Anatomy of an Illness as Perceived by the Patient.". It's a short read and I'm so glad my doctor recommended it. You can probably pick it up at your local library.
I just thank Goz , that Eamo. Is so good to you . Love y’all . Love the pup too .  We are praying for you , down here in  Mississippi USA ! Lots I’d people who don’t know who you are , are  loving and praying for yall !
I am curious when did yall get a dog? Also I am definitely praying for both of yall and complete healing in Bec's body and all cancer must leave right now!!
I was diagnosed with cancer age 22 and I’m now 13 years all clear. I see the strength and determination in you Bec. You’ve got this 💪🏻
sending love
So good that you got such a sweet doggo. He will help so much. Hope you can feel okay ish further after each of your chemo treatments. I’ve heard from others that the first week after sucks but you feel a bit better the second and third week. But I’m sure everyone is different. It such regardless. Wishing you peace and happiness.
You got this Bec. I just know it.
I heard it’s sometimes due to the ultraviolet radiation and black ug’s are not to be worn often
My sister was a nurse at Stanford hospital for 25 years in the radiation department and helped many patients that also had to have chemotherapy.  One thing the doctors and nurses observed was that patients with a positive attitude always did far better.  You’ve got this Bec. You and Eamon have the positivity it takes.  Take care and be safe. Ciao 👩‍🌾❤️
You are both so brave and so inspiring. Sending you strength, positivity and love!
Wow!  You both amaze me.  Sending love and strength.
You are brave by sharing your story and I do admire you both. Sending healing thoughts your way. Lots of love and hugs from the Netherlands.❤
Praying for you Bec (and Eamon too)! As a recent breast cancer survivor of bilateral stage 4 breast cancer who’s now cancer free, I know from personal experience the power of prayer. May God be the giver of all the strength and peace you’ll need to get thru this next season in your life. Be still and courageous. Stay strong Bec 💪🏼💕 you’ve got a lot of people rallying around you and lifting you up! 💪🏼🙌🏼💕🙏🏼 Much love being sent your way from San Diego, CA.
I’m keeping you in my prayers 💕
It could be stress? The death of your friend would be a reason for a body to "collapse". Please, read Doctor Peter Levine. Being sick is extremely hard. I wish you a safe journey with all my heart and soul. You are very lucky, dearest beck, you are not alone, and you have a lot of love around you. It is easy to forget, but, please, make the effort to be very conscious about it. All that love is your force. ❤❤❤
Thank you sharing this journey with us. Praying for BOTH of you. Your hair looks cute short.
How I admire you both! 😊❤️ You are shinning now and will shine incredibly more when all of this is over. You will blind every single one of us in the best way possible.  ✨💫   Every week I'm learning something new with you guys It's amazing. ❤️  I'm thinking of you everyday. Lots of hugs & kisses.  P.d: I'm really admiring that you keep recording every single thing, all the highs and the lows, It's even more worthy of admiration and respectable.
Hoping that every positive vibe being sent your way is carrying your strongest self through this. ♥️
Bec you are amazing. You’re such an inspiration and I’m looking forward to another video. 💕
Praying for you bec!!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Eamon's love for you is so pure--I'm crying over here!
Bec, you have a million plus people praying and rooting for you. How great is that!!!  Try to stay positive but even on the days you don’t, it’s okay to cry and be scared and sad. You will eventually be on the other side of this, all well and happy. We love you girl 💕💕💕💕💕💕💕
Sending Love n Prayers! 🙏🙏🙏
Hi Sweetie.  As rough as it feels some days, you’ve got this.  Some helpful and fun advice, watch funny movies.  Seriously, laughter IS fabulous medicine!  (Eamon, you’re on movie duty) Bec, Collect 3 things every single day in your journal that you love.  Ex: the way the sunlight sparkles across the snow, a big sloppy dog kiss, Eamon’s morning hair.  Little things heal.  Order some soursop fruit juice 🧃 and drink to your hearts content.  I’ve read some pretty impressive things about fighting cancer, and it’s fruit.  Crazy huh.  I get the kind with real cane sugar, but you might like the straight up kind with pulp.  Your choice.   I know y’all are vegan, but if you can work in some organic bone broth into your soups or whatever, it’s really helpful.    Bec, Thank you for allowing us all to love you through this journey and for teaching women (and men) that they can beat this too.  Eamon, I know this breaks your heart but keep showing guys out there what love truly means.  You are both amazing and cherished.  Take care, my darlings and all my love. ❤️
Hugs, Prayers and TONS of  good VIBES.
Sending love and prayers to both of you.  God bless.
Also❤️❤️❤️❤️
Did you end up asking your doc about drinking alkaline water and testing your PH?? ^_^ it can't hurt!
Continued love and prayers ♥️🙏🏻
Bec and Emon you guys are amazing a you guys will get through this. We are all with you!
If you are looking for a reason, Have you ever taken birth control for a long time?
One down :-)  I'm so proud of you and Eamon!  My thoughts and prayers are with you both during this difficult time.  You can do it!!!!
Hugs. Love. Strength!! From Oregon.
❤️❤️❤️
I am sure these are too many comments to read. I cried during your video and I don’t usually cry. You’re in my prayers. On another note, I live in So. Calif and it seems so odd to see you walking on your lake. Oso is such a blessing for you both.
The love you two share is beyond beautiful, so many times a tear fell from my eye overwhelmed by the positivity and gratitude you have through this hard time. I am praying for you Bec! I know everything will be okay you have so many people rooting for you. You are a very strong and beautiful soul I can feel it the world has so much more to offer you.
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
My heart hurts for u going through this.   I am praying for u both
My father in law had a really positive mental and emotional attitude about getting Chemo. He would say to himself “God is in the chemo as he watched it enter his body”.   Over ten years later Chemo has destroyed his kidneys and heart and now he has prostate cancer. His drs flat out said his issues are a direct result of the Chemo. He says getting chemo is like trying to get rid of weeds by cutting them at the surface leaving behind the roots.   A dr I work for says “Chemo is the gift that keeps on giving”. His wife went thru Chemo treatment over 10 years ago for colon cancer and now has vaginal cancer as a direct result of the chemotherapy. Her hip is destroyed by the chemo and she needs a hip replacement at 55yrs old.   Chemo comes with a lifetime of damaging health repercussions. Please watch The Truth about Cancer docu-series by Ty Bollinger. There are other options.
You two are just light, bright and warm. That is all.
It’s amazing what a dog can do to someone’s life. The joy and happiness that a dog can bring is like so other.
I'm surprised no one has told you about the connection with soy and cancer.
Been watching you for years. Praying for you and sending you healing vibes. You are amazing.
What happened at 28:42 with the audio. It’s almost like the sizzle sound is fake
Sending so much love ❤️, strength and courage and all the best vibes this world 🌎 has to offer!  Thank you for being so brave in sharing your journey with us.  We are here for you guys!
I want u to know beck that Jesus loves u too and wants u to lean on him in ur time of struggle. He's there for u, trust in him. My mums favorite saying was "one day at a time sweet jesus" And that's so true just take it one day at a time beautiful beck. I will keep u in my prayers.❤
be positive// you are  a warrior
Prayer for both of you. I've been through this and staying positive is great but the anxiety for me was high. Do you know of a holistic medical clinic They do blood tests check for deficiencies and have natural remedies for anxiety it's just a thought love you Bec and stand strong but rest your body without guilt Eamons got you that's a blessing.  My husband is my rock I'm now years later chronically ill nothing to do with the cancer its RA and Lupus 😆 🤣 😂 he's a great cook. God bless you always
Sending lots of healing love your way from norCal.  💜
3:25 in the netherlands we have these foldable shoping crates everyone uses which fits the shopping carts perfectly🛒 do you don't even have to switch your food from the cart to the boxes👌🏼 BTW Love u guys wishing you all the best ❤ sending hugs across the world 🌎  Lots of love, Janneke
You are my favorite channel! I love y’all and pray for you, Bec, every day 🙏🙏🙏
This will touch so many lives. Sending prayers 🙏 ❤
It brings back a lot of memories for me when I see you. I have been there and I am here on the other side for 14 years now. I pray for you every night, because I know how hard it is to do. The best advise is take every day as it comes it makes it a little easier. Big hug to you and Eamon. You have got this❤️😘
i really hope you guys keep bear…my step mom and my dad just got a puppy because she is going through chemo for breast cancer herself, and it is the best form of therapy, and bear seems to be such a gentle loving boy 🥺
so proud of the two of you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! have literally been crying every episode!
Wow Bec,  just so afraid for you and me .... you may recover, I will not from from cll. Rock this SHIT.
Bec just in case, your hair starts to fall, just accept it and let it be. The hair will come back. I just used castor oil. I would wet cotton balls using the castor oils then rub it in my scalp and eye brows for 30 mins to 1 hour before my shower. Anyway, I lost my hair on my first chemo in 2018 but I didn’t lose it on my second chemo this 2020
thank you so much for sharing this journey and exposing your vulnerability. You and Eamon definitely need to adopt Oso!!
Your honesty through this is gonna help so many woman.  I’m thankful for you today.
Oh bec.   I’ve lost. Weallhave  Life can feel mean. Unfair. Scary     Your smile though! Your strength.  Is. Helpful. To. All your. Peops.   They,we,I.  Love you  The negatives of this thing no matter what happens of course I’ll always leave you thankful for the people who stand by your side and watch lovingly as you go through poop in life  Best wishes all my love times five and I’m proud to see you sharing your trials fearlessly well and sharing your fears you are a giant amongst all men women and an inspiration to many children I do not doubt this current chapter is just another example of how strong and I and I don’t mean oh she’s strong I mean you have a presence of will..  Very. Very. Proud
Feeling all the feels.   I’m thankful you have your house and it’s ready to hold you, hide you, comfort you on this part of your life journey.
I’m so so so sorry you have to go through this. Keeping strong mind and soul. Rest your body.  I’m sure you have a guardian Angel watching over you. (Lee) 😋💕
You are both so strong!  Hoping things will get easier after the first weeks!
That is a beautiful video and a touching rendition of what you are both going through.  Thank you for sharing.  Praying for you.
👁💜🐾 Oso
Sending you love and positive vibes. You can do this. The whole youtubeverse is out here cheering for you.  And your hair looks perfect!!
I am so moved by your honesty, integrity, positivity, and willingness to share your journey. You are a strong and powerful woman who will rise up to the challenge. Eamon is strong and sensitive man who is your pillar of strength. Together you are a force to be reckon with.  My prayers are with you.
😘😘😘😘😘💞💞💞💞💞💞🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
Sending love from Saskatchewan!
How incredible is the healing energy of a dog. They literally make everything feel ok in that split second your cuddling them. I’m so glad you have him and Eamon to keep you going Bec. Sending all of my love you incredible woman. ❤️
Thinking of you both, thank you for sharing your journey
Be healthy fast💪🏻
You are so brave your positive is amazing. ❤️
I think it's beautiful that you both are being real......and I'm sure there will be ups and downs......but you both have been such good examples!  Praying for peace and healing!
I have been in a similar time as you, at 23 I was told I had stage 3b Melanoma and might have had a new spot found on my liver (at 33) going through the process. You are both handling this so amazingly well. You didn't do anything wrong to cause yourself to get this, you are so strong and that will go a long way, the support you have is going to be key. I know everyone is different however if you do experience any anger don't hold it in. Rest up and when you're up for it don't stop living your life. I wanted to also thank you, as I might be going through everything again you have given me the want to fight it again. My thoughts and prayers are with you and if you do need outside support friend who has done this but don't want to go to a support group I am happy to listen.
-13 you guys are brave. The food looks delicious. Such a beautiful couple. You WILL be OK!
Prayers and happy thoughts for you both through this! You are so amazing and strong.  Keep positive as much as you can and it will see you through this!
Hi Bec, I already had my chemo for two cycles due to my ovarian cancer. The first one was last 2018 in the Philippines and the second one was here in Oregon, USA last 2020. Before, during, and after the chemo, I would just eat a lot of fruits, vegetables, boiled eggs, and hot and rich soup especially beef soup with vegetables. Healthy food is very important. You can do that! Okay?! Avoid thinking negative things if you are feeling tired and fatigued, just take a rest then after few days, you will be fine again.
Prayers for complete healing and no nausea along the rest of this journey.
bec, please just know you are not alone in your journey. you have soooo many of us thinking and praying for you as you go thru this. i stuck right by my bff’s side as she battled breast cancer - from the diagnosis, to the chemo, the dbl mastectomy (her choice), surgery, post-op filling up of her expanders, reconstructive surgery and now her post-cancer life. i pray you will be given the best chance for a cancer-free future like my bff. while we collectively shed oceans of tears, we are now getting to the point of realizing what a truly amazing journey this has been - a true roller coaster of emotions. i wish there was something i could say to take all your fears away, but just be the warrior that you are - the warrior that you CAN be - it will truly surprise you. and once chemo is a thing of the past, and cancer is but a distant memory - you will look upon your journey as a distant memory of a dark place you once stumbled upon and fought your way thru - and came out the other side the STRONGEST, MOST INVINSI
you are so amazing and inspirational
So proud of both of you, you got this Beck
<3
Bec, I am SO proud of you.  It is so important for you to share your experience with everyone.  Just hearing “chemo treatment” doesn’t really give you the true lowdown.  Hopefully this hits home with your female followers who may think it won’t happen to them.  Get regular mammographies, check yourself when showering & most important is not to ignore anything unusual.  Nip it in the bud, bud!  LOL. Eamon, you’re the rock that rocks!  Thank you again, both of you.  Bec, you can do this!  We are standing by your side.  Love from ON 🇨🇦
I have no idea where you two are spiritually, so take this suggestion however you need to: Look up the various analyses of the Shroud of Turin. Take it from there.
❤
Love you guys! You got this Bec 💐
Eamon and Oso are both angels sent to you for such a time as this. Bec you are an amazing women with strength that you haven't even tapped into yet. God speed.
Stay strong bec🥰
You are in my prayers. My heart is right there with you as if you were my family. <3  I feel honoured that you are sharing your journey with us, your community. <3
❤
I love that yous are keeping bear. 😍
♥️
Hugs and prayers for a complete healing ❣🙏⚘
I have been following you guys for awhile now. But I have been checking for your videos weekly for updates since Bec's diagnosis. I dont know what to say but sending you prayers and love from Singapore. You'll get through this❤️
❤️💞💞💞❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹
Your hair looks awesome!! It really suits you short, Bec. Also, thank you for sharing your experience. I love that you are trying to find the positive in chemo and the process you have to go through. I wish I could do something to help you, but know that with Eamon you are in the best possible hands. Love to you both xx
Keep being positive, but also acknowledge all of your feelings, great relationship between the two of you  I was a chemotherapy and radiation therapy nurse..you are coping with everything beautifully and both of you should be admired for taking care of yourselves as well as each other. God bless you in your journey. You got this!!!
So happy to see you.🥰
Bec just know you have so much love and support from your followers 💖 you are so brave to film and share all of this. I hope others will see this and know they don't have to go through their journey alone. Sending healing vibes and many hugs to you and much support for Eamon as he takes care of you! 🤗❤️
Hi Bec, I just wanted to that I'm very proud of you.  I don't know you but I feel like I do and I'm on this journey with u. God Bless you and Eamon and Bear. Keep strong and positive. U can do this. 💜
You’re so strong sharing your story with all of us strangers. You have many people rooting for you! Also very happy you decided to foster another pup in this time. Animals def help with healing, imp, and Oso is such a babe 😍 You got this Bec!
You are doing so remarkable Bec and I am so glad you have Eamon as your partner in life.  I love your short hair cut. It looks adorable. I love your attitude that you are going to find one positive thing everyday no matter how your day is. So glad liquid sunshine #1 is done. You guys can do this. 🙏💜🙏
🌻
You are doing amazing sending lots of love ❤️
Are you still fostering Oso or did you decide to keep him? I think he's perfect for you and you should keep him!
Sending kisses hugs and loves.Be strong guys 💕 we are all sending positive thoughts and support.
Bec, we are here for you! I wish someday I can find a pure love like yours! I can totally feel the love through your videos! Love you guys!
Sorry that you are going through such an unexpected health battle and we are all rooting for you but if you are struggling to find something to be grateful for, here are things that I and people I have known, have not been fortunate enough to have : a partner who cares and is willing to take care of you, a circle of extended family and friends close by who are able to take time off to help you, a car and driver to take you to appointments, a peaceful home to return to, no children who must be taken care of and only you to do that, funds for plastic surgery and organic food, no job and income loss, you won't be evicted and on the street etc., etc.. In so many ways you are very lucky. You have a whole community of us sending you love and healing vibes.  With everything that you have going for you, I know that you will come through this beautifully. Who knows, maybe the eggs that you harvested will be the children that you are destined to have but wouldn't "ve if not for this. When we're young, we feel invincible and expect everything to come to us easily. Life's journey teaches us many lessons that will burst that bubble but the important thing is what you learn from it and that you find a way to carry on regardless.  Good luck sweet Bec 🙂
Positive energy sent to you Bec. ❤️🇨🇦
Bec, just wanted to tell you you are a fighter, things get tough you deal with them ! I went thru “ the sandwich” of treatments for breast cancer, radiation chemo radiation, I was told I’d loose my beautiful long hair, so my boys went and shaved their heads…… funny thing …… I didn’t loose my hair. When I was diagnosed, I was scared shitless, but my great oncologist told me to think of the chemo as soldiers marching thru my body getting rid of the cancer,  I’ve been cancer free for 25 years ! ( geez am I that old ???)  Sending much love and healing vibes 💕 Much love to Eamon to, my hubby of 55 years was and is my rock !
Been thinking about both of you. Keeping you both in my thoughts, prayers and positive vibes. Lots of love. ❤️❤️
Praying for you!
Thinking of you both...much light, peace and love.
Praying for you. This episode made me super emotional. You are a strong amazing woman. Thank you for being so vulnerable and sharing this moment of your life with me.
We believe in you as you go on this journey.
I just can’t even express how incredibly proud I am of both of you. You are both being so strong thru this and I can’t help but cheer you on from NJ. Sending you virtual hugs. Thanks for sharing your journey ❤️ love you forever!
🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🌺
"Finding something really small to be grateful" what a wonderful mindset you have.  Praying for complete healing.  God is able to heal you.
Please read the cancer Code for another perspective  Thinking of you, hope you are doing good
Sending positive vibes all the way from Panamá! I wish you the best and hope you can beat cancer soon. Hugs and kisses!
You are so strong 💜 sending you both love
I love it that u guys are staying healthy and drinking juice that are very important ginger really helps and tumric is also amazing
As always we will be thinking of yous all the time. Sending you both so much love, light and positive vibes. You are one amazing and strong woman Bec💗💗
❤️❤️lots of my family are part of the medical science industry and everybody in the industry put in so much dedication and love to make sure people are safe and healthy, you are absolutely doing the right thing 💜 sending strength and love☀️✨
Get well soon Bec! Thank you for sharing your journey with us, it will mean a lot to a lot of people. Xx
I'm with you emotionally on the genetic aspect. I lost my mom at 15 to breast cancer. Lost my father a 55 to one that started in his shoulder and went everywhere in months. Some aunts and uncles too. I'm currently living with recurring melanoma. It's a fact of life and it helps to know that skin cancer can be lived through for years. Catch 'em early and treat 'em aggressively. I also have two stints in my heart. My next birthday will be #80. Life is month to month but possible with joy. Hang in there . Life is ... life!
It’s truly INCREDIBLE what us humans can get through, Bec. 💝👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽🙌🏽
I send you all the love and all the happy thoughts of the world!
Sending so much love and allll the positive energy your way. You are truly inspiring and I'm so glad I found your channel. Have you thought about officially adopting puppers? I know you said you were fostering him, but it feels like he really fits with your family and will be a very big part of your (Bec) support/healing system. XO
Hugs to you Eamon & Bec 🫂 🫂 🤗.Everything will eventually be alright.
I am amazed by the strength you have to share this very personal journey. And how this has the ability to help even one person who is struggling with their own health issues. Stay strong together, praying for your healing.
Definetly in our prayers and thoughts!!!  Yous are the strongest couple I know,  xox
Ur ganna beat cancer ur so strong and amazing I love u so much hope u feel better ❤️‍🩹 U will get thro this I know ur amazing
All my love to you and Eamon also
You got this, I love both of your mindsets behind this, just keep leaning on those you love, appreciate the good days knowing the bad ones will be there and never give up, I only found your channel like 4 or 5 months ago but im so glad I did I love it, I'm glad I get to be apart of this community that spawned from your channel and I feel like I'm apart of this journey in a way, obviously from a outside perspective but you always give us such a honest look into what's going on it feels like we're right there, I appreciate that
♥
💛💛💛
Nu.mber !:  That's why my name has "Warrior" in front of my name.  You have to have a "Warrior" mentality which you do Bec!!!!  It's only five months & then you will be done.  :)
Ramon and Bec, I am sending you so much love, prayers, and strength with all of my heart! You guys got this. 💝 If there is anything we can do to support you guys and love on you guys in a practical way, you need only ask! You have a whole community here rooting for you both.
Blessings from a neighbour to the east (Ottawa Area)
20 years later I can still taste the metallic taste in my mouth when I think about it
Congrats on your first week, guys!  You got this! ❤️💪🤗
You are a warrior bec! And love to eamon too, it is indeed equally hard for the both of you and you are doing it sooo well! ❤️❄️☀️
I was able to get my hospital to stop calling the chemo “red devil”. I never liked when they told me they were injecting me with the red devil. You deal with so much mental struggle when going through chemo. Wishing you all the best!
Thank you for showing us your strength both of you
Bec, you are an absolute warrior!! 🤺🤺 Much love to you both!!! 💙💙💙
🙏🏻🧡
Please remember that it is also okay to not be okay. For sure be positive as much of the time as you possibly can, but it is also 100% to not be okay.
You will always get back to yourself before each treatment. Please embrace sleep as it is the best healer your body can ever have and it’s free! This journey will suck a lot of ass but I promise, you’ll be back to your Badass self this Summer!  When Eamon expressed his distrust of pharmaceutical companies is when I started sobbing and cried until the end. Praying continuously for you both and your new support doggy! YOU HAVE TO KEEP HIM!  Stay strong! Summer will be here with a clean bill of health soon! Sending Good Juju filled with squishy hugs and positive vibes!😘😘😘🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
Bec you are so brave and wondrous. I'm in awe of you. Thank you for sharing your journey with us, we all feel like we know you guys personally and it means a lot to us to come along this journey with you. And Eamon, you are doing great buddy, keep up that awesome partnership!
Look into Chris Beats Cancer.
]controversial - I disliked this video - take some time out.  Sometimes you just have to "do one' and drop everything else. Harsh but meant well :)
Sending a ton of love and prayers.
Lord please heal your daughter, please meet her and touch her body. Please God let your will be done through her life. Please bless her with talented doctors and Lord I pray that You keep her healthy through her treatment and that you please Lord bless her with Healing. Please open her eyes and heart to fully rely on You and run to You, and Your Word, and Your strength. Please comfort her family and, Prince of Peace, please let peace that surpasses all understanding rest on her and her loved ones right now. We pray this in the mighty Name of Jesus. We thank You and love You Lord. Amen.
Turkey tail mushrooms in combination with normal treatment has shown to have a 9% increase in survival in many cancer types, look into it
Keep strong positive thoughts I am thinking of you guys!! I can honestly say that all of the workers are here for you at you're liquid sunshine because I am a worker at a pharmacy that prepares those kind of liquid sunshine at my hospital and believe me everybody from the doctors the pharmacist,pharm assistants like me, nurses,etc... Are here for you to heal ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Go bed be strong I believe in you ❤❤
You guys are amazing ❤️ sending all my love and good vibes ❤️ Bec agree on the guys who cook comment 🤭❤️
My heart soo goes out to you.  Have followed you for a number of years, from Canada to Mexico to Morocco and bac. Now your  journey continues. Being an RN walking with people through variety of conditions. My heart goes out to you both.  Lotsa  Love for best outcomes  <3 <3 <3
Bec, you are amazing and super strong! Thank you for sharing this journey with us, it will help a lot of people to understand what the process looks like! Big hugs to both of you ❤️
Bec you’re such a champion ! Thinking about you two a lot 💪
Big hugs to both of you 🤗. Thank you for staying strong and sharing your story. Keep going strong Bec you got this. Much love to Eamon as well as he’s trying his hardest to be there for you but you can see he feels lost. I hope as time goes by you both find it a little easier. We will be behind you all the way ❤️
We'll take you as you come, wether it be strong and stoic, or just being human subjected to stresses that come as part of this 'being human gig'.... It's so good to see you being there for each other, you'll come out of this stronger than ever before.  We are all prayin' for you, and we'll continue to do so every day. God Bless you both.
I think I can, I think I can....you are The Little Engine That Could.
Bec, you can't be any cuter! You are strong. Even when you aren't sure that you are strong, you are. Don't forget it! Prayers and positive thoughts your way. Eamon, you are a rock. Love you guys.
Not one to comment on YouTube. Know that you are loved. It’s apparent on your channel!! Look after yourself too Eamon!
I see the La Vagabonde is with you.   That is not a small thing.     Put their wind at your back!
Praying for you for a full, complete and absolute healing! God doesn't put us thru things we can't handle - and suffering is the best way to grow.  You got this!
Brings back memories. I always told myself, each day of chemo is one less day you never have to do again. Some days it was one hour I never have to do again. It helped me. One down baby! Good work. 💕
Joan and I send our love from Olympia, WA.   can't wait to see you two back enjoying life after you beat this.
Hi Bec, I had breast cancer at age 34. I was like you.. I wanted to know why, and still do..  I have come with a few layers to the  reasons to why.  There is a reason. There's a physical, but also a spiritual. Yours will be a different reason to mine.. but as your journey through this, you will find many gifts in the experience. You will also gift humanity from the wisdom acquired from all this. You will heal, and evolve. Sending you love. If you want to contact me to mu answers on my journey, you are more then welcome. 🌼💚🌴☀️♥️
You and Emon are very sweet and so brave.  Posiitivity and catching negative thought patterns are keý.  Thinking of you and praying.   Your doggy is do perfect and sweet too.
I went through this with my Mom and remember her loosing her hair, but like you Bec, she was a very positive person and she just pushed through it.  I pray you will to.  You have the right attitude and lots of support around you. Eamon is a jewel. I will say a prayer for you every day. Love you guys.
Becca, though it's hard to see you tired and struggle as you begin your chemotherapy, I really appreciate your honesty and vulnerability. You are such an inspiration!  Sending Love and Prayers your way.
I am thinking of you all the time! My friend is also going through cancer and i am so proud of you!❤️
Everyone handle things their own way, I hope no one will judge you, all the best.
Sending you love and strength from Amsterdam!💕
I’m so sorry. I can’t even imagine going through this. Praying for you all. My heart hurts for you both. Your puppy is the very best medicine also 🥰🐕
Just know that the vast majority of your subscribers are here to share your discomfort, attempting to take it from you.    Nausea is the worst!
You guys have been in my thoughts and I hope you heal well and quickly.  One thing I hate to say -- your jar might be getting full from a completely plant-based diet.  After years of up and down health issues, I'm increasingly convinced that the more you go in the completely opposite direction, the better you can "empty your jar".  Starting this week I'm going to be eating red meat and eggs exclusively for the next 1-3 months on the theory that it eliminates almost all inflammation sources from the diet.
i hope this doesn’t come off the wrong way— but maybe you could do some research and look into how trauma and stress creates diseases within the body. i can’t help but to think that maybe the death of lee and some other factors could have played into this diagnoses. just my own thoughts though— sending you so much love & healing. you’ve got this 🤍
I love you both so much! Sending the most fantastic vibes I'm capable of. <3 <3 <3
Love and prayers to you both! I think about you both all through the week as I carry my mail route.
You got this girl! Easy peasy , did you ever tell us what the angels story is? Where did he come from ? Such a sweet dog
I really appreciate how you both still record videos even when you are going through your worst. Love you both xx
Why didn't this show up on the subscribe page? Youtube is dropping the ball on this video.
Your videos are the highlight of my Sundays! I rewatch your videos all the time. Bec, I want to let you know that you are in my prayers and my families. You’ll pull through❤️
I just don’t know what else to say but that I am just so incredibly proud of you and Eamon. Thank you so much for sharing your emotions, thoughts and actions with us but also with yourselves. Wow my respect and love goes far for you two, thank you for being so open. Thank you♥️
You’re so brave for sharing your journey. Praying for your healing.
I had my testicular cancer treated back in 2018 now lost a nut and allot of ability's men hold dear. My daughter will be 2 in august. this is just one more step in your journey. Lean in to your family and the magic team you work with, listen to your body it will tell you what it needs. but most of all know it gets better 🙂
Bec and Eamon you are the most admirable human beings! We send you all of our love and positive healing thoughts from Austria!
I hope yall adopt Oso. He just seems like what you both needed during this hard time. Plus he's fricken adorable
I think and pray for you guys every day and it was so amazing to see your faces again but at the same time so hard to see you having a tough time. I am so proud of you both...for everything. Sending you light and healing prayers from here. 💛
I wish you all the best 🙏🏻
You both are incredibly beautifull beings!! Love and light to you and your journey! And to be so open about it to share with others is amazing! Shine on!!
Thank you both for sharing this journey - I feel as though you are teaching us a lot, from patience, trust to gratefulness in our everyday. Sending you both lots of love and good energy from New Zealand xx
Hi you all, hope everything turns out well and you have an uneventful treatment journey, were did Oso comes from, he suddenly showed up in this episode, love you two and good luck.
Strength be with you
I'm a 63 year old colon cancer survivor.  Please look into cannabis oils - a very good multi-strain oil.  You can take it in capsules as a suppository (skips the liver and no "high" feeling) or swallow.  Very effective for the nausea and general discomfort - plus it supports all your efforts to kill the cancer.  Your oncologist should know about this.  Love you guys - been following you for years.
Sending you guys positives energy and lots of prayers!
I have watched this twice today.  My prayers and happy wishes r being sent to you and Eamon.  I admire your outlook on this difficult journey.  Hoping the next treatments go by very quickly and you feel better soon.  Take care.
Radioactive tracer for skin cancer removal had me peeing blue after surgery and they didn’t give me any heads up and I totally freaked in the bathroom
I remember when I had my own breast cancer scare and was doing research I came across a story of a woman who survived. She said the key for her was to view the chemo as a positive thing so I am happy to see you are doing the same. She visualized little soldiers going around knocking out the cancer cells while she was getting the chemotherapy. You both are brave souls and thank you for sharing this journey with us. I am sending you lots and lots of white light
Thank you for sharing your journey.
Bec you are incredible. Sending strength and love !!
Thank you for being so raw and real with us. We love you so many prayers
Take the zofran, let you tummy muscles relax so the muscles don’t contract to make you sick. I am praying for you so hard. I don’t know you but I know prayer is universal
Sending love & cheering you both on here from Austin, Texas! ☀️
Best wishes from us over here in Belfast, Northern Ireland. Stay strong.
Bec and Eamon you are in my prayers. I admire you for so much openness. You are truly sweethearts... Love you!
Sending you the hugest amount of love and light 💜 all will be well x
Cannot stop thinking about you both , Thankyou for including us . Positive energy sent your way x
Can't believe how strong you have been. Stay hopeful. Sending some love
The short hair is SO cute.
Bless you both and love 💕
Ginger ale helps with the nausea. Also get some candied ginger, take a small bite of the ginger and put in on the roof of your mouth. The ginger is too hot to just chew. But let it melt in your mouth.  You can also grind up ginger and make a tea. Anything icy will taste so good. There are ice Popsicles that are made from fruit.   You got this sweetie. You have an amazing husband and family and friends that love you. Keeping you in our prayers.
Salam blessings May you be healed Star Gods...
I don’t know if you know about this already or not but, there is a lady who studied the emotional and mental causes of why people get sick or have chronic illnesses and such. Her name is Louise Haye and if you google “Louise Hayes List” you can go through a whole list of “sicknesses” and what not. I know that cancer is on there somewhere and it’s also alphabetical. Just thought you might want to take a look.💗
Come on team Canada!  Eamon loves you so big, it’s really nice to see every Sunday but especially now. You guys will both make it through this. If you guys can go potty in the van next to each other, you can legit do anything!!
Hi iam wishing all best.my prayer for you get well soon.
Love and light coming to you from Brisbane Australia. 🌺🌞🌈
You are so much in my thoughts. You can do it, I know you can. Heck I did it with zero support being a single mom and having to take care of my kids alone on tops. And I m fine now. Your blessings are clearly you have an amzing team partner, do not need to keep functionning yourself to take care of small peoples depending on you on your own and having to keep going to work every day despite the chemo.
Keep smiling when you can, my eyes fill with tears when I see you upset. It’s lovely that you are keeping us all up to date. Look after each other 😘
Sending you Australian summer sunshine to heal and replenish all those cells. Well done Eamon on all that organic nourishment - Bec your smile when you looked at that plate - beautiful. This community is here for BOTH of you. Holding your hands.
Your going to be okay, you are perfect, strong and your body is powerful! Please stay strong, we love you!
❤❤❤ from Louisiana.
Sending love and light! 💫💙💫💙💫
I know that this can't be the first comment to suggest looking to the God of the Bible for strength, love, healing and mercy.
Every treatment is one nearer the end, that’s how I thought of it.  Stay positive xx
You are so brave and strong for sharing this journey with so many people around the world! I know it will be a lifeline to others in the same situation.  I have watched you for years and am always impressed by the way you live your life, as well as the way you treat those around you. You are an amazing gift to this world. Please know that my husband and I are praying for you and your sweet buddy as you navigate through this journey. Love from Springfield, Missouri USA.  💓💗
Sending 😍❤️
Positive healing vibes being sent your way Bec!!  Big Kudos to Eamon for being there for much needed support and love.  TY for taking us on your journey and I know it will help anyone going through similar struggles.  Also, Oso is OSOME!!!
🙏🙏💜💜
I’m so grateful you’re strong enough to share this with the world. Thank you for allowing us to laugh with you, cheer with you, and cry with you. You’re so strong and so brave. I am so proud of you. Sending you the most healing and positive vibes Bec and Eamon ❤️ you’re both sunshine in human form. I am filled with gratitude for you.
Iam praying for you❤️
Eamon & Bec, every week I look forward to these videos! I just want you to know how much happiness, joy they bring me, and even though the last couple of videos I've had to fight back tears I hope some day after this journey you decide to do a Youtube get together. I'd totally be down to make the trip from Montreal area to around Kingston for something like that!
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves.    W.S
The chronology of everything is confusing: the diagnosis, the traveling, the sailboat, the dog, the hair cutting stages, the embryo harvesting, the chemo. It’s like you’re living 3 parallel realities simultaneously.
Continued prayers and healing coming your way. I know it seems like 5 months is a long time but hopefully like me (19 years later) 5 months is hard but a short time in your over all life. You’ll be feeling good soon.
Cut your hair so you can make wig with your own while going through this...good luch☆
Praying for you both! 🙏🏻❤️
I'll say it a million times Bec, you are a shining light for so many of us, your outlook lefts so many people up. It's our turn to carry you for a while. You've got this girl, you are strong!
Hey Eamon and Bec jus wanna to tell u that u'll mean the world to us and we knw u'll r very strong even during the hard times. U r an inspiration to all of us. It's okay to be sad nd cry sometimes because at the end we knw its going to get better. U have all of us here with u including family and friends always by ur side. Remember to always do Wht u love nd dnt forget we r here if u ever wnt to share anything with us we all will b here to listen. Love u'll both, bear nd bruce❤️❤️❤️💕💕💕💕✨✨✨✨✨
🙏
Just sending love 💕 and high vibes! 🕯💓
Thank you for your video journal.  It’s hard enough to go through this but going through it on camera is so much more difficult.  Just do one day at a time.  Praying for you and Eamon too.
Love the bob on you! Thanks for sharing your story. Sending love, prayers and positivity!
Love the bob on you! Thanks for sharing your story. Sending love, prayers and positivity!
It's amazing you are sharing your journey as a chemo nurse I can tell you people love to know they are not alone❤
Sending you light and love, prayers, healing energy, laughter and hope. Take it easy and know that you are surrounded with love. You got this. Thank you for your honesty and beautiful words. Blessings and much Aloha 💜🙏🐾🐾🙏💜
A really lovely honest video. It will be very helpful to many people on the same journey. Sending absolute positive vibes and best wishes from Tipperary in Ireland. Get well soon, x
Sending love and healing y'alls way!
God bless you guys at this very difficult time ireland 🇮🇪
Be brave, stay strong, this will be over before you think..  estan en mis oraciones, DIOS LOS BENDIGA
Your hair looks so adorable
Stay strong! Love you guys 💓
You two are so inspiring with your strength and positivity, and this video has made my heart so appreciative for love. I can really see that between you two <3
YOU GOT THIS  ♥ ♥ ♥
My dad just did 24 sessions back to back im not exactly what his procedure is but he has prostate cancer
I can’t watch this. My mother died of Breast cancer. I will pray for you. I
Sending lots of love ❤️ to you guys
Be strong, best of luck. From Portugal
Dear human that's reading this, we may not know each others but I wish you all the best in life!✨
Thinking of you both you will get though it xxx
My sister in law finished the Red Devil the same week you started. There’s lots of ups and downs along the journey but know that you can make the ups much more plentiful. We are praying for y’all along this small bump in the road. Can’t wait to see many more adventures/projects after all of this.
❤️
Just find your strength and mindset so inspiring, yours and eamons! Wishing you both the very very best because you deserve it 🌻💛
Oh my goodness. Just saying a prayer for you both. Dogs make hard times better don't they? I live with a couple of chronic illnesses and my 2 Weiner dogs are a great source of comfort when I'm not feeling well. ❤️  Hugs to you sweet girl.
Hey Bec, I have been thinking about you a lot and seeing you so nauseous was very reminiscent of me. At Childrens Hospital they give out something called Queasy Aromatherapy either clips or stickers that really helped with nausea that may help you and are more natural. Another thing that I will preface is chemicals, is rubbing alcohol either the little wipes or from the bottle. I know chemicals are not preferred which is why I suggest the Queasys they really helped me, and hopefully would help you. I hope you are doing well, both Eamon and Bec, and I know that you will get through this. Have a good day, :D
Sending healing light and love your way!
I understand how difficult this must be for you both and your families, but I want to personally thank you for sharing the time with us. My family are about to take this journey and just from this last video I have taken on so many things and have more knowledge of what to expect. I hope your further treatment goes as well as it can and wish you both all the strength the world can offer. Take care guys.
You got this Bek, you're an inspiration! You've got th is too Eamon. Love you guys xx
This series is just so powerful, it makes me feel speechless. You both are so inspiring and it takes so much bravery to go through this all, but to share it too.
Bec, check out “Chris Beat Cancer”. The best juice you can have is fresh pressed (less than 30 minutes) made with a Pure or Norwalk.💗 Maximizes the enzymes and vitamins.
Great video, hugs to you both. Beck you got this.
Sending you lots of good healing energy from New Mexico. 💜💫✨
All love ❤
So I have a question. Knowing that y'all are very food/health/body conscious could you say why you picked conventional pharmaceutical treatment rather than alternative cancer treatment? ie fasting clinic or gerson therapy etc????
Hey guys! I just wanted to let you know you are both so loved by this community of random loving strangers on the Internet. I feel so much love and empathy when I watch your videos and I am so sure your healing with the liquid sunshine is going to be everything! 💛💛
Thinking about y’all ……you both are going through a tough journey right now.  This too shall pass…… praying that God gives you both the strength needed through these days.
So Proud of You Both... <3 🥰💪👍
Sending you both so much love. Eamon I hope Bear is looking after you and supporting you while you are supporting Bec.
You just gotta keep bear 😢😢
Sending love love love. Xxx
🙏🏼
You guys or your sister should adopt oso
You guys don’t deserve this, no one does! You are showing a very real, raw and positive side of this story. We are all with you guys.
Know that your the spirits of your survivor sisters are surrounding you. One day at a time sweetie.
God Bless you
You are sooooooo loved
You're in my thoughts and prayers.
💛❤️💛❤️✨💫 my prayers are always ongoing to help you heal
Dogs are so therapeutic.
Thank you 🙏❤️
love you both and Bec is amazing and thanks for sharing ❤
Bec,  have you considered seeking God?  He is our Creator, Giver and sustainer of life.  I ask this Question in Love.
Sending Prayers!!!
Btw: your cute little bob hair cut is ADORABLE!!! 😇💛
You got this Bec! Your boys got you! We all behind you all xxxxxxxxx
We're right with you Bec!!! You got this! And Eamon, you are the best partner ever ❤
When I did chemotherapy for 2 1\2 years my husband told me every day "you fucking got this"! So Bec " YOU FUCKING GOT THIS"!!!!!! It's hard I know. I love the liquid sunshine name. Aemon keep up the good work! Its hard for everyone that loves Bec!!😘
Thank you so much Bec.  The phone call (#2) to your oncologist and the discussion about Eamon was exactly what I needed to open up a dialogue with my husband.  I'm a tough Boston chick, and he's a tough Boston guy.  And I thought they "got it all" after my hysterectomy due to uterine cancer.  Thought it was stage 1, but it's a high stage 3 and now I need radiation.  I just don't want anyone else to be sad for me!  Obviously, my family and my husband ARE sad, scared, and super supportive.  I showed this to him... and he was crying!  Dear God, I had no idea how much he was hurting.  You taught me an INCREDIBLE lesson that it's not just me... it's everyone who loves me.  So, we won't give up, girl!  You and I and all women going thru this cancer crap will fight and love fiercely, for many decades to come.  2022 ain't gonna be fun for us.  But we have LOVE and SUPPORT.  Thanks for opening my eyes, and letting me comfort my man.  Stay great, Eamon.  And my "man with interesting name" will too.  Wish you men could talk.... Thank you for loving us. ❤😘
Sending you so much love and prayers and blessings of speedy and healthy recovery. I  just want you to know just how much you both are cared for and this to can be beat with all the blessings from all of us to you!
Sending love to you both, your so brave and inspirational. Having Bear around must be such a comfort, he's  a beautiful guardian looking after you . Xxx
Sending happy thoughts for healing and peace to you both.
Bec, you're going to beat this. Eamon, you will too! ❤❤
I'm just going to jump in and say this.  In Japan they have a very low rate of breast cancer.  The only thing that researchers can see that is different is women in Japan drink Matcha Tea 3x's a day.  I was researching for a family member with a different cancer than you have.  He has been cancer free for the past year and a half.  Prayers for you and your family.
Bec- you are AMAZING! Eamon: you are doing GREAT! THANKS for sharing- you are loved. And THAT DOG is sooooo cute and fuzzy! And THOSE PAWS!! 💜💙💚😘💛😇🙌 You've GOT THIS!!
Keep up the great work here, I am pulling for you. A moment that I really appreciated from this video was the connection you made between your healthy lifestyle and your cancer diagnosis. I have been following your channel for some time, and see first hand how health and wellness is a huge part of your way of being. Cancer is one of those diseases that can present in even the MOST healthy people. It sometimes just boils down to probability, and one cannot ruminate about what they could have done to try and prevent the onset of the disease. Your healthy lifestyle will carry you through this episode in your life, your strength and the medical technology will see you through to a future where this is just a memory. If you are lucky this will make the rest of your life seem like even more of a gift than it was before this crisis. Carry on my Canadian friends, put this behind you, and I will soon welcome you to the cancer survivors club. There are SO many of us out here.
Fruitarian Diet/Juicing and Fasting.
Yall's videos are already amazingly put together but this video was next level production quality
❤️🌺❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️👍🏼💪🏼
God bless and keep the faith!!!
I believe in the power of group prayers, together we rise.  You're going to be okay.  My intuition says you're going to thrive.
So, I'm Scottish and I know you guys have been to Scotland . . .   My wife and I have a sign above the front door of our home that says "Whisky is liquid Sunshine"  I'm not suggesting you try this - I am saying you're so very brave and we're all behind you on this journey Bec!  Also, loving the French bob as well ;)
I hope you find support and love through the process of sharing your journey. Thank you for being so vulnerable. Truly a great reminder to all about finding small wins and happiness.
Just want to say Bec and Eamon you are amazing. These video’s are so inspiring. Thank you for sharing. And can I just say.. This hair looks AWESOME on you 💕
Love you guys soo very much. Praying for you every day!  You are never alone sweet soul...God is always by your side with a host of angels watching over you! Thank you for sharing....I just got my Breast cancer diagnosis last week.   I will be closely following your journey!!🙏🙏🙏🙏😘😘😘
I wasn’t sure if I could watch this episode bc I thought it would be triggering for me but Becs strength and courage reminded me of my moms courage and it made me smile. We all can do hard things when we have people around us who love us. Sending you healing vibes from Winnipeg Xxoo
Well done you 👏👏👏👏
Sending love and positivity
Stay positive I am for both of you n family just saying thinking about you guys love 💞 Glenn from Massachusetts
Love and healing to you ❤
Thank you for your braveness to share your journey through this. I’ve been quiet since a while. Your story is touching an old healed wound. When I was 19 my mother died, who was diagnosed with breast cancer two years before. I wanted to hide this story from you because it’s no Happy End. And I don’t wanted to make you sad without knowing why something can hurt after 30 years although I’ve healed it. And know I know it. Your fears and emotions are allegedly exactly the same my mother had. But she kept them for herself and she protected me from this. I feel that your story can help me to understand what she felt during the chemotherapy.  Now I’m crying… I was too young to realise her journey. When she had to spit I went in my room, closed the door and cried. My dad didn’t allow me to speak about cancer, fears and all this.  Bec, you had such a good sunny start (weather) with your liquid sunshine. Your eyes are full of love. Everybody can help you heal with sending love. And you’ll heal. I promise… my gut tells me. And I thought two weeks about making a wig out of your own hair. But I’ve been too shy to write down my story, which couldn’t heal to the whole without understanding how fearful it is to go through this. I’ve tried to avoid to watch stories like this. But now maybe because of you lovely soul, I’m strong enough to lift the carpet and clean up one of my biggest themes and release it. I’m with you! Like all others. Sorry for my long text and for my story. I trust your team of healers! You are in good hands! ❤️❤️❤️
Seriously a sunshine godess Beck☀️What beautiful and positive people you are. Cheering you guys on and sending all the positive energy to your healing journey
You're in my prayers, you got this Bec. Oh by the way how lucky are you to have them big old bear to give you cuddles and kisses. Don't forget chef Eamon making all that good food and taking care of you, you guys are great for each other. Thank you for sharing your journey and thanks for this amazing video.  P.S I REALLY WANT THAT DOG never met him but I love him already where can I look into adopting him.
Sending hugs and positive vibes….
OMG...Hearing Oso share his thoughts and love was amazing. He truly is your Angel Bear.  I was sitting with my Sly bear Watching your video. At the end when Oso was talking  I looked at my dog Sly and he looked at me... I lost it.  You guys are so special and strong  Truly a gift.. thank you   I think my cheeks are going to be wet for a while
Praying for your complete and forever healing hugs from Florida love you both yall helped through the loss of my granny in 2020 grace and blesses‼️
I can honestly say I cried for most of this video. You two are so strong and I really admire your courage and bravery to post these videos to show us you at way feels/is your lowest and then be so thoughtful and self aware once you’ve gained your strength. You are a warrior Bec so much love and good energy sent your way!! Love you guys xo
Sending all the love ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
You are a super hero Bec, love how Eamon is looking after you so well. God will give you both the grace for this difficult journey. Thanks for sharing this difficult journey. Love ❤ you guys, and you are in my prayers.
Sending you alot of love. Keep going, You'll make it through this.
Thank you for being so real and open to sharing the struggles and the triumphs. You have every right to pull away and just privately walk this out, but you have chosen to share... such a gift and an offering of love and hope that will always be archived and available long after you have healed. Your story is and will continue to help others heal too
Is there any supplement you can take to add calories to Bec? I know here in the states, there is a place in Billings MT that sold a powder mix. I am praying for you both.
I'm currently reading, The Emotion Code. It's so good with healing. I'm listening to it. It might be the thing that cures you. <3
Delia Chatwin is going through this breast cancer journey as well.  She is also on YouTube documenting her journey.  She just had a double mastectomy and an emergency surgery from an infection caused by the double mastectomy.
I felt incredible anxiety when I saw you had a video up so I can only imagine what you were/are feeling . I’ve been thinking about you. We are all here for both of you❤️❤️❤️❤️
I look forward to you guys each and every Sunday past 2 years! Thanks for taking us along your journeys 🙏🏽
Such a wonderful role model for me Bec. Thank you for encouraging me to validate my own feelings. Shed a few tears for you today 🤎
I used to think I loved your both for your van life/travel content, and then for your cabin renovation content, and as much as I adore that side of y’all,  truly I just love you both no matter what your doing and I feel like I’m going through it with y’all! I’ll continue to laugh and cry with you both every week, forever! You got this Bec, your such an amazing human with the best support system around you!💗💗
This isn’t fucking fair. Nobody deserves to deal with this…but most of all people like you don’t. Bec….don’t feel the need to have to put yourself in the vlogs at your weak moments. Almost everyone knows someone that has gone through something like this…so we understand.  Allow yourself to have your privacy when you need it.  These vlogs are hard to watch but only because we feel like we know you guys and love the personalities and lives that you put forth…even though we’re strangers to you both…we care and we love you guys.  You’ve got this. And Eamon…you’re doing amazing taking care of your love.  💝
I went thru Chemo in 2020. I get this , love to you sister .
Sending you both all my love
Bec, your short hair looks so cute🤠❤️
That dog is perfect. I hope you guys are his forever home.
The both of you are so strong! hope I have the courage to be as strong one day. Stay blessed 🙏🏽
Stay strong Eamon and Bec❣️❣️❣️❣️
Sending so much positive energy, light and vibes your way! You got this girl, you can do anything!!! <3
My sister has been fighting stage 4 lung cancer since 2015. It is a long hard road you are on but remember you’re not alone and you have the love and support of your friends and family…along with thousands of your followers. May that knowledge bring you strength on your journey and, yes, each day you find something to be thankful for.
Sending so much love and light towards you guys. Keep. Strong and positive I belive you will over come. It  well. Done for being strong and brave 2 you both  the main. Thing is you got each other. ❤️🙏
Sending prayers, blessings and good wishes. All the best to you both!
Sending you all love and good energy.
Thank you for sharing.  Big love to both of you from UK xx
I survived large cell non-Hodgkin's lyphoma stage 3 all 4 guadrants of the upper body my chemo was every 3 weeks but I got thru it by saying that this would not kill me and I came out  the other side in remission and stayed like that for 14 years so far
Beck you beautiful and your going to smash this, eamon, your doing amazing and we are proud of you and you both. All our love	. Xxxxxx
Thank you for documenting this real raw footage to inform us! Keeping you in our prayers! Stay strong and know we are rooting for you!
I love you I love you I love you. You can and will do this! ❤
You really need to keep this dog. He is perfect xxx
🙏🏻❤️
I’m so glad you have chosen to share this journey publicly, not only to help others but also to keep us (your viewers/YouTube family) updated. We want nothing but the best for you, Bec. You are so strong, even on your weakest days. Sending you lots of positive thoughts <3
Do people not warm up their cars in Canada?
your guys are an amazing light in life, stay strong, you got this...
Sending all of my love and prayers to both of you! ✨ this video makes me feel gratitude so so strongly. We are all going through something in our own way and it’s so important to just go through all of emotions but also just trying to find a silver lining. I watch your videos because the positive nature, and the fact that you guys are going through something like this but I still came out of it with a positivity is amazing. Life is precious. ❤️
No matter what life brings. Life is better with dog.
Your future children are gonna be so proud of their Momma looking back on this footage. What an example you are.✨
❤
Praying for you both Eamon and Bec! Bec you're not far from our thoughts and I love how you're taking cues from Oso and knowing when to rest is so important.
Good vibes for you guys! Hopefully you healing well. Stay Strong #teamBec
Hang in there girl.  Keep going nurse bro.
Sending love. You guys are so good for each other xxx
I'm crying because of the love that surrounds you both 💜🙏🏽 , what a blessing to have such a beautiful team around you 🌹
Nothing but love and good healing vibes. ❤️
Sending the positive energy’s to you both.   Bec, you are doing great, keep up the walking outside.  Need to stay strong 💪 mentally and physically.   Eamon, you are doing an awesome job!  I know what you are going through, and how you feel.   Wife is in remission 2 years after diagnosis(July 2019), surgery and chemotherapy for ovarian cancer, and also multiple miloma (diagnosed Sept 2019).
💓💓💓💓💓
Is medical marijuana available where you guys are? Multiple people I know who went through chemo said it helped a lot more than the anti nausea meds they perscribe...wish it was available to everybody!
Well done Bec for showing us how you are at your most vulnerable and Eamon your love and support for Bec is so touching.  Sending you love and wishing you well for the next few months.  Sandi xxx
I’m so proud to be part of your YouTube family. Good thoughts and many prayers are sent your way. You are both such sweet spirits. Thank you for sharing your life. So glad you have gotten a dog - he will be your pal and comforter.
Just crying periodically throughout this because you two are so beautiful and your outlook on everything inspires. Thank you for that.
Go on Bec, to know you have to go through the same fire again and again for months must be one of the hardest things. And all the anxiety of the unknown… You both are so strong!  Last year my mother went through a Non Hodgkin Lymphoma with chemotherapy and radiotherapy afterwards. She was fighting like a warrior and she is in very good shape today. I can imagine how it feels to stand by for Eamon. To see how the beloved one suffers is hard. But after a valley the way goes up to a higher point. Always! Trust me! 💜
On a positive note, Darlin', you look *Radiant*
You are such a blessing to this world! I can't imagine anyone watching this and not feeling so inspired by you guys! Keep it up,everything is going to be alright!
Yall got this! I'm so proud of both of you and I'll be sending good vibes your way every chance I get. Much love 💕
My heart goes out to you Bec, & Eamon for being her rock. You will get through this. Be strong when you can, and cry if you need to. Wishing all the best for y'all. My prayers are with you both. Love the new Oso, he sure loves his new mommy too.
Just a tip honey, the reason for the symptoms after chemo is that it creates heat in the body (chinese medicine) google cooling food to eat during these 5 months. Heaty food will make you vomit more. Ginger, cacao.....are all vert hot and will add to symptoms ❤
Powerful experience, thanks so much for sharing. Btw I commented before on a video where you had bad signal and couldn't upload videos so you got a wireless booster. Noticed that Eamon felt bad for a day or two straight after that so there might be a connection. You might want to experiment with keeping wireless routers/boosters/phones with data off. I respect you so much, you inspired me to convert and experience van life!
Blessings on you. It's apparent that it's a team programme and you're both doing a great job. We'll done. Press on. You'll beat this!! Love and respect you guys
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️. And I LOVE that dog!
Sending lots of hugs and prayers ❤
Hey lady, and her gentleman, glad to see you really working as a team. What a precious gift. I wanted to share that my mom went through this journey. And she lost her hair. I always saw her with a scarf or hat. One day I came and said "Let's go out." So she went and took a shower and put her makeup on. And she had no head covering. I asked "Why with that perfect head are you wearing hats and scarves? You literally look gorgeous without it. Stunning!" So she stopped wearing them.  Do what you feel comfortable with, but I'm sure you also have the prettiest head. So enjoy the ease of not having hair. You're beautiful in many ways. You'll always be radiant!! ❤❤❤❤
💕
Sending prayers your way Bec!!! You’re awesome!!! Eamon!!! That’s the way to care of your woman!!! You rock!!! Prayers for you both…May God continue to give you both peace…health…and happiness…Stay blessed…👠🚌👠
I hear that  smoking pot helps!  and no I'm not making a joke!  I keep praying for you.  This dog is going to be helpful.  I am so sorry that you both are having to go through this, but you got this!  It breaks my heart.  I love you guys!
🙏🙏🙏🙏
You are strong - resourceful - smart - inspiring —- and the list goes on.  I’ve followed your adventures for years and have been blessed to do our own full time travel life.  You’ve got this!! You will be in my prayers for strength, resilience and healing.
The love the two of you share is heartwarming and inspirational. I'm so glad you have each other for the good days and the bad.
Thank you Bec, you’re a trooper. I’m hoping it gets easier for you and the hair loss is minimal most women think about is losing their hair😉. If you eat ginger will it help with nausea? Take care!💕
Sending so much love and positive vibes to you both. Bec you are so inspiring and just you showing your journey through this is helping so many people. You inspired me to start taking anti-depressants and to take it day by day. You are so much braver and stronger than you give yourself credit for <3
Praying for y’all! Bec I have heard that doTERRA lemon essential oils will help get toxins out of your body. For every four ounces of water put one drop. Just wanted to share that with you ❤️🙏
Big love to you both xx
Feel like life isnt fair. Thinking alot of you guys you are so brave.
Sending healing prayers to both of you.  Stay positive and strong.
No one truly knows how you feel except those who have experienced it as well.  You and Eamon seem to be handling this extremely well.  I wish more of that positivity for you and your entire family.  All my thoughts and prayers are sent out to you constantly.
I'm sorry you have to go through this--you are being a champ! There's so many different chemo treatments and everyone has different reactions. How often are your treatments? I had them once a month for 5. Hang in there! Time will go by and you will be done! Wow, a wig of your own hair--that's the thing!
Bec, I am sending so much love to you. You make me so proud. I will not stop praying for you. Eamon, I am sending so much love to you. I can not imagine anyone better to be by Bec's side. I won't stop praying for you. God, I thank You that You are so close. I watch as You move through Oso's love and attention. His watchful, loving eyes. His presence. I see as You greet them with frosty air, and a blanket of white everywhere. I see You in the beautiful food and loving hands preparing it. In the love of family and friends. In new friends. In caring doctors and nurses. In honest feelings and tears, and smiles...like a rainbow after the rain. I thank You for this beautiful couple and pray for healing and health, rest and restoration. Your Spirit, near and making things new.  God bless and hold them so close.❤
Thank you for sharing. You are both so brave. Send my best wishes and thoughts to both of you. I know how tough it is to only be able to watch someone you love endure and suffer and fight. Feel hugged, watching from Germany.
Sending love and healing vibes during this time
Bec you are so brave💪. And Eamon you are also holding up so well and being such a rock👍. So glad you have got through your first 🥤🌝. You've got this. And with your amazing family and 🐕 who knows exactly what's going on with Bec and just wants to be there for her 🤗.. I hope you keep him. Good luck🍀 with round 2🥤🌝.
Tou are such an amazing human, Bec! Thank u for being brave enough to  share your journey♡♡♡♡
I wish y’all could get a mail box for a minute so I can send something’s..please! ❣️❣️
When it gets toward the end, dream of recuperating out on the deck or swim platform. Hopefully by May and June it’s getting warmer up where you are. Love how you’re sharing your reality, never apologize for showing too much of what you’re going through. For those of us never touched by your experience in our own lives, it good to know what others may be going through. I love how well the dogs got along and still think it’s a blessing you have Oso. What a great emotional support he seems to be right now. Eamon you’re doing a great job in your new role as caregiver. Take care of yourselves.
Big love from Idaho!
Your lil bob is so cute!
It’s amazing how much we can feel for a complete stranger. I’ve added you in my prayers. Keep up that positive attitude!
I helped my grandmother during her bout w breast cancer. It was emotionally one of the most difficult times in my life watching her go through this. Cleaning her when she vomitted and soiled herself through bouts of chemo. This...in fact life isn't a one journey one road thing. You're doing the best you can for yourself and there's no standard or way to live life and the experiences that come w life. I pray that each day will bring you something to be thankful for. You have an amazing person by your side. You're a strong resilient beautiful person.
Sending you love and blessings and healing energy… hang in there guys - all paths lead to love ❤️
Hello Eamon & Bec! I just want you both to know the Oncologist is SO right on the money. This is all happening to you both. It's hard to believe sometimes but Eamon hurts when Bec hurts, is throwing up what seems like all the way down to the toenails, the depression, & all the aches & pain being felt. Cry, Baby Girl! It's cathartic.  Emotions pressure is released to some degree with a good cry & scream against the unfairness of it all when needed. When you get better you will enjoy all the life & good times again. Thank you both for allowing others to see this path you both are having to walk for a time. Think & make a list of all the things y'all want to do. Love to you both from one who walked that with my beloved husband.
Eamon you are the best, it 's amazing how kind you are to Bec. Bec keep stay on the line, you are really doing very well. I wish you all the best 🙏 Big hug to you guys from vienna 🤗❤
Excellent video!  You are doing all the right things.  I also had AC for my breast cancer treatment so I understand how you feel.  Stay positive and you will get through this.  Eamon is wonderful and so amazing.  Lots of rest and keep finding laughter in everyday things.  Sending lots of hugs and prayers to you.  🥰🥰🥰🌞🌞🌞
Healing hugs 🤗❣️
God bless.  You both are in my prayers.  Great idea on the hair.
EVER HEAR OF "SEA BANDS" OR "NAUSEA BANDS" TO WEAR ON YOUR WRISTS GENTLY PRESSING ON ACUPRESSURE POINTS?The latter are adjustable! Also I'm SURE you know about Diaphragmatic Breathing, Progressive Muscle Relaxation, Visualization, Autogenics (self hypnosis). I'm an Occupational Therapist who worked in a Cancer Hospital sharing these ideas with my patients. Also a Certified Lymphedema Therapist. Has anyone spoken to you about lymphedema? I am willing to share any knowledge I've learned over the years and have certainly enjoyed following you/Eamon for 2+ years. Sending HEALING LOVE YOUR WAY!!!
I am breast cancer survivor and all your questions about "What did I do to deserve this?" "Why me?" are ones that I dealt with. Fact is, it just happens.   It's nothing you did or didn't do.   My mom died of stage 4 breast cancer at age 54. She was diagnosed and passed away within 6 months.  So, when I was diagnosed, it was exactly 20 years since she had been diagnosed.  I thought that maybe it was because of her that I ended up with it. But nope.   I had the FULL genetic testing done on me. My grandma had been diagnosed with uterine cancer and survived. Breast and uterine cancer are related.   But my genetic testing came back that it was just basically a fluke that I had been diagnosed with breast cancer.   You've got this Bec! You've got this! It's like a grieving process. You're allowed to feel all the emotions. You'll have good days and days that you will want to punch a wall out of aggravation and frustration.   You have an entire community rallying behind you. And just think, these are people that you have never met! That says an awful lot.   With love and healing thoughts from Pennsylvania.
Keeping you both close in heart and mind and grateful for your ongoing courage to share your journey so openly with us!
I feel so selfish when you don’t post a video and I’m sorry. I have followed your journey from day one. I have literally fallen in love with you two and “daddy Bob”. I find myself sobbing during these hard times Bec is going through. So, when a video doesn’t go up I feel like I can’t be with you when I just want to “be with you”. I am sending Bec such love, healing, and prayers to keep her strong. Please know you have a huge support system outside your family and friends. We are all here and we look forward to seeing your beautiful face whenever you’re able to show us. 🙏🏻❤️
Hang in there, better (and some worse, then better) days ahead. It's easy to overlook the fact that Someone is watching over us, for our good, though at the time it doesn't appear that way. You will look back after all this, and it will come to you that, yes, that actually worked out for the best, and it was good for us in the long run to have experienced it. Have faith, and it will go well.
Thank you for sharing your cancer journey with us. Your story prompted me to do a breast self-exam and I found a mass. Then the doctor found another. So thankful God led me to your videos. You’re blessing others in the midst of your own suffering…that’s love❤️
You look stunning!! Love the new hair❤️🥰
I know hon, hold tight and breath easy. Love you ❤
sending love , prayers and healing thoughts from British Columbia.....
You should check out (in case you didn't do it already) Biodecoding, is an innovative approach to resolve the emotional and ancestral root cause of illness. Since you're sooo healthy and joyful and illness definitely doesn't come from lifestyle choices I thought it might be interesting for you to check this out.
Your strength and character define your incredible self Bec. You are strong and resilient. You are so in tune with your body and constantly inspire all of us. Keep going, we're all with you!
Sending you lots of healing light 💕
Bec I just told my husband after watching your post today that you are going to be a beam of hope of all young women facing this disease.  It sucks, it's hard and its scary but I truly believe  that If anyone can come out on the other side of this it's you.  I have so much respect and admiration for you and Eamon.  I have spent the past two years during covid following your story and can honestly say you helped get me through that.  If you ever need for anything please reach out and ask.
Hi there! Breast cancer survivor since 2015. Mine was found through annual mammogram. Stage one so i didn't have to go through chemo. I did have a  double mastectomy with reconstruction and multiple surgeries after that (7 total). I love your positive attitude and all the support you're getting. My  wish is that you have a full recovery with the least amount of suffering as possible. I don't know your religious beliefs but I know that if you put Jesus Christ at the top of  your healing  team, you will find a peace that you didn't know you could have. I'll be praying for you and Eamon.  God Bless you both!
Continued healing energy and prayers for both of you!  Hugs!
Just letting you know I've been thinking about you both. Sending loads of prayers your way. Hugs and kisses  Oh, I use laundry baskets to carry my groceries in 😊
Sending  you guys positive energy, hope, prayers and sunshine from New Mexico.
This had me crying the whole video I'm praying for you beck you got this
Your doing amazing Bec!  And Eamon you are the best partner a person could ask for. Sending love and well wishes.
January 26 was a big day for us both:  most importantly, your first chemo treatment and my 68th earth day ... Bec, you're SO blessed to have Eamon, he's the best ... continued prayers for you both .. p.s., your new hairdo is adorable ♥️
Thanks so much for sharing your journey. I just admire your courage so much!
You are so brave ❤️
I'm so sorry you are going through this. Sometimes we never get the answers we need when we ask "why me?" My genetic testing came back without any family link. I did everything to take care of my body and my health like you. Sometimes they say if you breast feed your babies you won't get breast cancer. But it's just not true. I'm a survivor and you are too.  You are stronger than you think. You are now a Pink Warrior. Take care of yourself and I'm so happy that you have lots of love and family around you. 💗💗
i already commented, but this for Eamon….having to watch your loved one go through this is so hard,  you feel so helpless and worry that not only about what they are going through, but are you doing enough for them.   If you can find someone to talk with and get support from for yourself, I recommend it.   I unfortunately didn’t have that much support and didn’t have anyone  to talk with and it has affected me.     I think of both of you and sending love.
I love your beautiful dog friend. Perfect for your healing expedition.  Xx❤️
Love and hope.
I have been thru cancer and the chemo and I know you will feel like crap but if you stay positive you will get thru this
You could always make a wig out of your  cut hair. Just idea. Stay positive
It's always amazing to see what human spirit is. I'm watching the story of a couple I barely know, from a country I've never been to, and yet I'm joining an army of followers with hundred of messages of support and good wishes. This is literally larger than life. You guys are NOT alone in this journey, and I'm hoping the best from Chile, South America.
One day at a time, one challenge at a time, one grateful moment at a time.  💪❤💪❤💪❤💪❤
What kind of dog is oso ?
big HUGS to you Bec,   you look fabulous as always.  stay positive and you will be absolutely fine.  You have Eamon by your side....that alone is your is your best therapy.....watch Eamon and the Hitch video and laugh some more. keep well a warm best wishes to you
My prayers are with you Emon
Hey guys, alle the best for you on this journey!! Have you heard of soursop as additional cancer treatment? I hope this is not intrusive eventhough I feel awkward writing this. Much love
Sending love to you guys! ❤
God bless you Becs you are doing amazing and not forgetting Your wonderful nurse eamon. Sending love and positive vibes from the uk x
My mom had multiple myeloma, she ate healthy drank healthy, but nothing is really organic, I pray for you and your family 🙏🙏
well I am on day two post op for my cancer and your video was awesome.  I'm in a good place mentally but I loved alot of the things that you said and are doing going to take some tips from you. Definitely going to order that book too. You got this girl!!!
Sending love and prayers 💜 your way everyday. You both are so strong.
If there's a silver lining, it was good you were diagnosed in 2021 instead of 2020 and good that you were situated in your beautiful cabin instead of living full time in your van! The only one in my family of five kids and parents to get cancer was my dad. He was diagnosed with prostate cancer in his 80's. He was too old for surgery so they put him on radiation instead. Being the only one of us five kids retired, I went with him to all 47 of his treatments. It worked and went on to live to 95 [passing last year from old age]. I loved this video chronicling your chemo treatment. Brutal but necessary. Being as young and healthy that you are otherwise, I'm SURE you will beat this no problem. PS: LOVE your new dog!!!
Hi Bec, you’re a nice person so just have faith in god and yourself, and this experience will just be a blessing in disguise and you’ll be good in no time :)
The love and respect I feel for you surprised me.  Your willingness to share this journey amazes me because you did not have to. Keeping you both in prayer.  BTW Oso is a keeper.  Prayers and positivity. 💜
I  been following your videos. Very sorry to hear the news hope things go well for you both i well say a prayer for your both God bless stay safe Phil&Peg  🇬🇧
❤
Sending you love 💕 light ✨ and healing ❤️‍🩹
Also please look into implant sickness
🙏❤️
Oh Bec! You sweet summer child! 😘💕
Hello Eamon, Bec & Oso, you all have such a beautiful family & I thank you for sharing your journey with us. I haven't experienced cancer myself personally but I have had immediate family that have.  It certainly is a difficult journey for everyone.  Please know so many people are rooting for you & wishing you recovery & good health & peace. I pray you conquer cancer soon Bec & your chemo & radiation journey along the way gets better each week. And I pray for Eamon & all of Bec's loved ones dealing with this situation.  I understand the anxiety & worry all too well.  Support each other & look after yourselves & know none of you guys have to do it alone. God bless you guys &  take it one day at a time. Sometimes looking too far in the future is overwhelming & can make someone feel defeated. You will get through this storm if life. Sending love from Michigan to you guys!
Sending you lots of love!! You can do this Bec!!! Sending you prayers for healing!
hoping that you feel better, my mom went through this, so i can imagine how your feeling, stay hydrated, i believe in you bec <3
Oso’s thoughts ❤️ you got this Beck!!!!
Been there done that, just hang tough and know that you're doing every thing that you can to give you the most options. Its likely to be a lost year, just be trememndously focused on being a great patient. I needed my boobs to be even after, I am so over bra's and it was embarrassing for my beautiful kids. This is your journey and while we expirience the same disease our journeys will be very different. Stock up on bites, three bite muffins, just tiny treats, nothing too big, but favorites.
I feel so bad for you....my prayers are with you always....🙏
Tearing up, you two have such an amazing love story.
Got the ag1 just for u guys! My lil bro had chemo when he was a kid, it's tough, stay strong.
Wow Becs, you are probably the stronger woman I have ever seen.  You are doing so well, and although we don't know each other, I am SO SO proud of you.  Sending you all my love from London, England. You've so got this xx
Thank u for  sharing your ups and downs with this.   You help more people than you realize.  We are blessed to have  comfortable enough to share this journey.  You  to are loving strong  coupland you can make it through this.  Stay strong
Sending love and prayers.
Sending peace and good energy in waves. Alternating as you need it, simultaneously if it’s necessary. Love from a small town in Minnesota!💕
Round 3 of chemo for triple positive BC for me this week. Working on that patience and acceptance (it's TOUGH!). You will get through this Bec, and you are making such a huge difference in sharing your story to educate (and save!) other women. Wishing you comfort and strength for the rest of your treatment
Stay positive !! as best as you can..... Many hugs and many prayers.... You're an inspiration to many..... We love you both...  :)
You've been in my thoughts and prayers since you told us...sending you guys so much love💟❤💟❤💟❤
How did Oso come into your life?
Praying for you Bec and also Eamon and the rest of the family.  I pray that God will be with you through all this and that he will bring you out the other end healed.  I’ve been a subscriber for some time and really feel a part of your lives.  Thanks for vlogging. We’re here and God is here.
Dear Precious Lady Please feel My Love and Prayers I'm sending to Both of You 🙏🙏🙏❤ you two are like My own Much Love coming to Y'all from the Deep South USA 😘❤❤❤❤❤
Love and support from here in the UK ❤️
You will be going through all sorts of emotional ups and downs,  both of you. How you deal with this is experience is personal to you and all your own. We all have different coping mechanisms. Love the hair and it's a great idea to save it for a wig. Personally I think you will look quite beautiful without any. Ask your chemo nurses about taking turmeric x
Thank you so much for continuing to update us. I think of you both often and am lending my prayers for complete healing to the collective. Also sending you reiki. Here it comes! Did you feel it? 💖
Omgosh!!! We love you Bec!!! Stay strong and sending positive vibes!! You got this!!
my heart and prayers go out to you both ❤❤big hugs to you both ! and Bec you got this hun 👍👍
You go girl!!! Thank you for sharing your experiences with us! You BOTH are amazing even when you think your not! Btw I love the cut, you look great with short hair.   Sending you guys lots of prayers and hugs 💕☺️
BABY GIRL   YOU GOT THIS .   GODGOT YOU .   SAY TO YOUR SELF    LIGT AND LOVE . OVER AND OVER IN GODS NAME  ,    LOVE MAMA  JOY  IM PRAY  IN FOR YOU  BABY .
Hi - Been following you guys for a while now. I had Lymphoma almost 15 years ago and went through 12 chemo's. It sucks. But it's something you will get through. Remember the good. Forget the Bad. But don't forget to live your life. Good luck!
Bec, I hope you'll find it in your heart to donate your hair to Angel Hair for Kids so they can make it into a wig for a child.
Continuing with prayers and sending positive energy. 🙏🏻❤️🙏🏻
Sending you guys so much love and strength. ❤
Praying for you Bec, I went through the same thing and I know what you’re going through, God bless you and Eamon I’m also praying 🙏 for you.
So proud of you guys and I am obsessed with Osos’ loving, healing energy. I started to tear up when he was laying on you, Bec, and giving you all the doggy love. They’re so intuitive and healing and I really am so glad you have both Eamon and Osos there to support you and love you. My thoughts and prayers are with you guys 💜✨
Watching brings back memories of watching my husband go through his chemo.    I pray for healing for you.
Your The Greatest Eaman ✌
Sending love ❤️
You are warriors how you handle it both of you and how you carry each other through it is so inspiring 🌟
You are so good to one another...a sweet couple. Hard time for you both, but wow you really take so good care of your self. Praying from Germany. May god lead you through this trial. Alles Gute!!
Allow yourself to feel how you feel. This time may feel slow, but will pass fast. Bear will be your guardian during this journey xx 💚
Your energy is beautiful, Bec. I have such, such faith that you will heal. Sending love from Ottawa
i truly cant express how much love i have for you bec. ALWAYS sending good thoughts and vibes your way 💗💗
I've always loved your videos but the fact that you're sharing this latest journey is so beautiful and inspirational. Sending you both all the love and positive vibes 💕✌
Sending you love and light ❤️
Love that you asked friends for videos to watch during your chemo. I asked for friends to listen to their favorite Rolling Stones song, and I had a playlist going myself.it was nice knowing people were having a music moment with me and wishing me well.
❤❤❤❤❤
Thank you for sharing with us!
Sending you hugs...Proud of you both.  This is a difficult journey.   But know it will be worth it when you make it through this!
Life is just so unfair! You (both) just don’t deserve any of this! You’re doing so well. You’re in my thoughts a lot and sending you lots of love.  On another note, life has such a funny way of working, without Covid and making you both stop traveling it gave you the chance to find and renovate a dream cabin so you can recover in a beautiful place to call home ❤️
Love & Prayers 💗🙏 I was in tears 😭 I love you guess so much~your an amazing couple. Wonderful positivity you guys have! You are so inspiring! I'm 52 but I find myself learning from you young ppl🤷🏼‍♀️☺️
Sending you three love, light, and much healing energy as you ride this wave on your journey.  I always have clients see “liquid sunshine” as little Pac-Man who gobble up any C cells.   Visualization is amazing and works terrifically with our subconscious as well.  💜💗💜
You got this. Both of you. All the sunshine headed your way ☀️ ♥️
It was really hard to watch you both going to something like that, when we've known you so positiv and adventures. So i can't imagine how it has to be for you. I love to see how you keep being positive. Sending you lots of love and strength❤❤
We love you Beck (meaning my wife and I)our prayers are with you  through your journey and Eamon we love you as well and so proud of you,your doing an awesome job with everything. Prayers for your well being and best health 💕🙏🙏🙏👍
Sending  lots of love for you guys!!! <3<3  You got this!!
Hi buddies  I just wanted to let you know .y thoughts and prayer are with you each and every day. I started watching your channel in 2 December 2019 just after major spinal surgery and fusion of my C4, C5 & C6. Your videos helped me to not focus on my self and allowed me to enjoy traveling again, even though I wasn't able to get out of bed. Two years later, I am happy to say I am working full-time again and even planning a van trip across Nova Scotia this summer. Bec, allow your body to rest and even when things are bleak, allow those around with positive energy to carry you and stay away from any negative Nellie's. 💕 you both. Dawn (from an even colder place..Winnipeg..lol)
Here with you two every step of the way. Stay strong and positive. We love you both <3
You are so strong Bec - I am so proud of you.  It’s hard to see Eamon so low - you guys will get through this. I lost my daughter to liver cancer 5 years ago.  We will always made chemo days a special date with tea, cookies and playing crib! Hopefully Eamon can join you soon. Continual prayers for you both ❤️🥰😘🙏🏻
😔🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
Hang in there pretty girl
You are my inspiration daily Bec!!! 💯💯💯 We're rallying for you... Love you both so much!!!
Hello, I just ran across your channel and want to thank you for sharing your life with us.  I am praying for you and trusting God to see you through this sickness.  Be blessed.
Girl don’t worry about what people think. Everyone reacts differently and that’s ok. It’s ok to be happy, it’s ok to be sad, it’s ok to be angry, it’s ok to feel. It’s your story. Thank you for sharing it.
Wow liquid sunshine is right. There was a glow to you the wntiew video. You are I'm my prayers.
Athletic Greens gives you cancer
I don't think I've commented on your channel, but I've been following you for a year or so now. Initially I was drawn to you two over other travel/lifestyle YouTubers because of your incredible energy and inspiring way of living. Hearing you two be so open and honest about this incredibly difficult journey, and to have the mindset of mining for the positive, especially now, is such an impactful gift to those of us watching. You're both incredible, and even though I don't know you, I'm sending you so much love and support. You're amazing!!
The song was “At Dawn” by CHPTRS from the album Chapter Six. Just in case anyone wanted to find it like me ;) Great choice you two. Sending positive vibes your way.
Does your van run on diesal, The EPA classifies diesel exhaust as “likely to be carcinogenic to humans.”
Can't help but cry watching these last few videos, no body deserves this. Especially not you guys.. sending so much love and healing❤
Thanks for sharing your journey with us. Know we’re here rooting for you and sending you so much love. 💜
Sending you both love <3
Sending much love.
Thank you so much Eamon and Bec for sharing this journey with all of us! You are deeply loved and thought of by so many around the world! I wish and pray for the best recovery! You both are simply, beautiful beautiful people ❤️
❤️❤️❤️
Love from Kris and Mike.... Portland Oregon ❤️🙏
Sending love and support!  Maybe consider upgrading your masks to n95?
Ramon and Bec.  -Best wishes -  My journey with breast cancer was back in 2012.  The doctors took very good care of me and still are.  Acceptance of your treatment is very helpful to your mental state.  I continue to be on tamoxifen for a period of ten years will come off next year.   Please remember there are some great nausea medications.  I used the Sancuso patch, it was left on for 4 days and I never was nausea.  The expense is worth it when you have so many other symptoms to deal with.  Keep your chin up you and your care givers are most important during this time.
🥺❤️
Eamon stay strong she needs you more than ever. Praying for you both. God Bless.
So proud of you bec ❤️
Sending you both love and healing vibes❤️🙏❤️🙏 you’re strong and capable of weathering this storm. I’m thrilled that you have a big loving pup to keep the days light. 🥰🙏
You are so cute with your haircut. 💕💜
💙
try to add moringa leaves or powder in your diet, turmeric powder in your curry or rice, garlic (raw is better) or slightly sauteed , black pepper is good too ...good for killing cancer cells and other toxins...  stay away from protein powders...eat as natural as possible...less spicy foods...less chemicals...
We’re here with you until you come out the other side, and thereafter.  Something else to feel positive about - the lovely home you built in which to rest, recover and re-emerge.
Im so happy you get to recover and be comfy in your own home. I can see you suffering but the timing of things has you being home
Can't wait to see you beat this.  I'm so happy you have a support system and the adorable Oso to lift your spirit. ❤️
Finding a little magic every day is sometimes the best medicine... I took inspiration from you guys and started athletic greens and their vitamin d I am really watching my diet and am now 90 percent plant based and what a difference... my walks up the mountain with my dog are now way easier and we go a lot longer... keep strong 💪
The mask slipped for a moment. Eamon as he watched Bec go inside for her first chemotherapy session makes me cry. He looks so bereft & worried.  So all my love to Eamon too. And Bec of course. You guys have got this. Project yourself into the future when there are five (they ALL took!!) little Eamon & Becs running around, paddling in the lake. The sun is shining & the smell of something delicious from the grill wafts down.  You exchange a look & hold each other’s hand. It was all worth it. It was just a horrible dream.
hey im lds can i put your guys name on the temple prayer roll just a couple more thousand ppl praying for peace for you xx
Hang in there Bec. So proud of you!!! Praying for you!
In our prayer ! SHERRY
Sending ❤️❤️❤️
Sending prayers and love 🙏🏻❤️
I’ve cried watching every one of these cancer videos so far I’m so sorry this has happened to you bec I just can’t get over this I’m here cursing at the sky asking WHYYYY why do the worst things happen to the best people :((((
You should eat extra food while you can. Before it gets too hard so you can keep your strength as much as you can. Bulk up on heathy eats. I’m so sorry you guys are going through this. You have a lot of internet friends sending positive energy and healing vibes your way. You’re a tough cookie 💜
Oops, and want a chair like you hanging one. Where did you get it?
💜💜💜, the three hearts are for the father, the son, and the holy spit. The Purple Heart is for BRAVERY!!!!         💜💜💜
Sending love to both of you ❤️
✨❤️
Love you both! Just sent a message on instagram after watching Bec on minute 3:12.
It is a wonderful thing your kids are coming to life after this journey. So that you can take care of yourself to be then able to take care of them with your real energy.
Praying for you both
Sending positive vibes your way  lots of love and encouragement I used to work for a radiologist  and my experience there showed me that if you have a wonderful support group around you  as you do that's half the battle much love and respect to you Bec and Eamon 💕💕💕💕
I pray for you both.  So sorry for your cancer.  Take care of yourselves.
Still praying and sending love
Your hair is lovely. Retired RN here and you are ROCKING IT. SHED the negatives with your tears and let them out of your body! I love you and Eamon SO MUCH. I’m 69 in March and building my house @ 7500 ft in Idaho Mountains. I’m going to have a reading, meditation, and positive vibe
Something you  said today really hit home about you know when your body is trying to tell you something I'm really bad about that I'm chronically ill and still work a full-time job and I'm always pushing myself because everybody else is doing stuff or people expect me to do stuff and I just need to listen to my body. So thanks for that. Yeah with being chronically ill people just don't get that I have lows and highs some days my moods are really good and some days are really low.
I’m watching the two of you in this video and you’re just such a beautiful couple it brings tears to my eyes. Prayers for you both, you’ve got this!
Please be honest with yourselves and your audience. Especially with all that is happening in Canada. SPEAK UP. You have to be considering the fact that the vaccine did this. Praying for you both ❤️
Thank you for sharing u got this ur body’s strong and so is ur mind
Eamon and Bec, Sending love and prayers your way! Love the re-frame of chemo to liquid sunshine! Bec you have a great attitude and you inspire me. Hugs from Los Angeles.
Bec.. sending you and Eamon Love, Light and Healing from Ireland. ♥️
Sending love, positivity, and prayers your way, Bec.  ❤️ I so admire your attitude of gratitude.   I had surgery Wednesday, and am now waiting on biopsy results.   🤞
Eamon and Bec, I just finished watching this video, my prayers are with you both, I will be praying to the Holy Infant of Atocha, he is miraculous, have faith it might be a wild ride, but it isn't anything you could handle, you are warriors of life.  Blessings 💕💖
It was the vaccine.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ATflA6WOy0I&ab_channel=M.S.Subbalakshmi-Topic   please save this link and let it play at your place nonstop... there is nothing religious about me sharing this link...  this creates good vibes...keeps mind calm ...please think of this as  a audiobook that works like calming therapy... please play this chanting....you will see positive changes...this cosmos is great and we are apart of this lovely multiverse... sharing the positive vibes your way... whether you are home or not, let this play all the time...you will realise positive changes pretty soon... God bless... take care...
Greetings from Chiapas, México. I've been where you've been, Bec. I was in my 40s when it happened to me, except it was duodenal cancer.   I've nade it to 67. It's an ugly treatment, but you'll be fine. It's good you have each other. Eamon is stepping up to the plate and being a wonderful partner. You'll be even stronger after all this passes.... and it will pass. Peace to both of you.
Watching Eamon having to say goodbye to you at the door for your first treatment was heartbreaking to watch!  You must both be so grateful for your beautiful cabin home during this time.  It is such a lovely place, and the timing of acquiring and finishing the renos before this illness was God’s timing and His watching over you!  Blessings on your journey.  You are strong together!
just keep pushing through bec! just wait one day you and eamon will be able to watch these videos one day when your all old and wrinkly❤️
sending love always guys :))
You are so brave! Thinking of you both! 🧡🧡
Love, Love Love
Sending our virtual hugs! Stay strong, Bec! Thank you Eamon!
Bec, thank you for sharing your chemotherapy experience❤️ Eamon, you are doing a great job of caring for Bec… you rock❤️
Bec, I’ve gone through three years of chemo for leukemia. Two relapses... and a CAR-T cell transplant in October that has me remission again and should be lasting without any more chemo ever again...   The chemo is bad and draining... but as long you can rest and do the things before treatment and after it’s also not as bad as it seems...  I always recommend drinking lots of water, the day before and eating light the day before and day of... eat as something light as soon you finish treatment before falling asleep. Broccoli cheddar soup got me through so many days when I couldn’t eat much. And organic popsicles like Outshine are a great way to stir your appetite and settle your stomach after treatments. I also recommend watching cooking and food YouTube channels when you feel too sick to eat to stir your appetite... pickles and olives are great healthy snacks to get rid of the icky taste in your mouth. And I recommend protein20 flavored waters... most of them like Watermelon Strawberry are really natural and delicious and help replenish electrolytes when you throw up.   ensures are lifesavers because it gives you the nutrition and protein you need to replace some meals when it’s hard to eat... the only downside is the sugar... but it’s the only sugar I kept in my diet other than natural sugars from fruits. But the Vanilla Plus Ensures are really easy to get down and can hold you over when you don’t have energy to make a meal or desire to sit up and chew anything but need something in your art that will satiate your appetite til the nausea passes.   I also highly recommend Aloha protein shakes and Chocolate brownie bars... natural juices and smoothies are good when you can get them in but I found it hard many days. It’s important to accept you just won’t be able to eat as balanced and healthy as you like but find the comfort foods and things that give you enough nutrition and protein to get by.   Also, please look up Dr William Li and his book “Eat To Beat Disease” he does a lot of podcasts and lives on his Instagram as well... very insightful research and information he’s collected...  Most of all, I know your positive and approaching this with a good mindset already, you have more direct support than I’ve had, but just keep your mind distracted when your sick with Comedies and Rom Coms and things that make you feel happy and thoughts in a lite place. Curate and cut out everything else during this time. Laughter is truly the best medicine, make it point to find something that will make you laugh everyday.   Distraction is the best tool when you feel sick. Music can be heeling, but again, I recommend making a playlist of uplifting  happy music and things like the Rocky Theme... anything too melancholy or nostalgic is not the best I find. Meditation music  and instrumental soft sounds and waves and stuff are the best I found.  I also recommend Sailing La Vagebonde to escape when in the hospital.  You guys, and them and kinging it all got me through so many long hospital days and stays getting treatment the last three years and allowed my mind to escape the hospital chair and travel vicariously.  Thank you so much for all the content and positive energy I’ve received from you on my journey.  You got this. We got this.  And rest rest rest like you said.  Rest, laugh, distract, hydrate, eat well, repeat. That’s all you need to focus on.  And look into the cold therapy and Wim Hof, though I think you’re already familiar with it in Canada. But it does more for your energy then anything. Just keep your mind meditative and and calm and focused on breathing when you’re in the cold and stay in it til it feels comfortable. The longer you stay in it calmly and feel comfortable and at peace with it, focused on your breathing the better you’ll feel when you get out of it.   So much love and positive vibes sent your way.   Namaste.
Youre the brightest soul I’ve ever seen
Lots of Prayer's, Love, and Thought sending your way. You're doing an Amazing job stay Strong you got this... 🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾❤️❤️❤️💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾
Oh bec, your dog is awesome. He is so pretty. I can see how much he loves you two. What a great family. Hugs!!!
Sending love from Louisiana. 🥰
You both are on my mind often!! Praying for other of you as a caregiver to my husband we have done two kidney transplants! I know the toll it can take on you as a couple!  Sending so much love and prayer!! You guys got this!!!
Love 💕 you guys so much and  feel optimistic.
Thanks for sharing your journey so inspiring ❤🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏❤❤❤❤
I’d love to buy the organic green but sadly can’t afford it but it sounds like a very good product x
Omg don't use that blue shampoo and conditioner. They have a lawsuit on them you should look into
May GOD bless you and give you both the strength to weather this storm. I am praying for your recovery. Much love!
You guys are so beautiful and strong. I’m sending all my love and positive energy towards you ❤️❤️ thank you for sharing your journey with us.
Thank you Bec for being brave and sharing your story. Not just the pretty parts. You got this and have a great spouse and family supporting you. Your helping more people than you know. Thank you.
Sending you love, strength & light. ♥️👊🏼✨
Much love to you both! ❤️
God bless. My spouse had breast cancers some years ago. I was a tough, tough time! Keep the faith! It certainly tested our relationship, but in the end it brought us even closer. My spouse is now a 17 year survivor.
One fellow Canadian to another .... you got this eh...!!!! Haha.. love you both,  be strong, cry if you need to. And there is an after this story. Hang in there peeps..🇨🇦❤
Eamon thank you for taking such loving care of your Bec. Becca your beauty from inside is so inspiring. By the way I love your bangs they make you look so youthful not  younger, your not old enough to say younger. I continue to pray and send you the deepest caring thoughts sweet Becca♥️🌹♥️🌹
So proud of you. Positive healing vibes ❤️‍🩹 ❤️‍🩹🤗🤗
Prayers and special thoughts for one very brave couple who are  courage enough to share such intimate details with us. ❤
Sending positive vibes from fellow ontarioan 💕 🌟 ☀️ 💕
Thinking of you, thank you for sharing with us 💛💛💛
you are both amazing i love your videos  bec you are too beautiful to go through this your young and fit you will succeed in this keep strong take care
Congratulations on your first round. Having been through this myself, I know exactly how you are feeling. I am sorry to say but it will get worse before it gets better.  Then one day you will look back on this and it will be a memory. I too got every single side affect possible...   but keep being positive.   Being positive helped me get through it. You also have the family love and support which is so needed during this. Celebrate the little successes.  Like getting up in the morning, or not throwing up, or being able to eat something.  Celebrate everything. When I got cancer I decided I could either roll up in the corner and feel sorry for myself or I could fight it and win.  I am 22 years cancer free stage 3 ovarian cancer.Yes it's bad luck when we get it....  nothing you did, nothing you could have done to avoid it.  It was just bad luck.Get yourself a positive cancer buddy....  the person you can lean on who understands what you're going through and how you feel.Remember it's only hair, it's only breasts....  you will be alive and be able to enjoy the rest of your life.You got this Bec...  it's a little bump in the road.  Hugs to you
praying and hoping that all will be well... on a personal note...it is not just eating healthy and exercising that matters, even though those are big factors...we are all energy and any negative and positive energy all around us can affect us...through food, words, action, etc etc.... when we eat at a restaurant and the person that cooks our meal is not happy ,it can affect that dish and in turn affect how it affects our body...we are all matter/energy...let us all be positive and strong... this could be God's way of telling the world, through strong people like you two...to motivate the world in the form of trouble in your life and the way you guys handle it with strong mind and soul...  instead of asking 'why me?'  please take this as a chance to show how we can all be strong together... (sending positive thoughts your way...God bless) just like soldiers(army people and their family) sacrifice so much for all of us to have a decent life, may be you are the chosen one to prove to the world  that  your life experience is a great message and lesson to millions that follow you... we are all praying and hoping for everything to be good.. trust in God... everything will be fine...all of us are born on this great planet for a purpose...stay strong, take care... God bless all...  all is well...stay strong!  bear hugs:)
💐❤
We are in lapland right now and standing on the frozen lake looking at the beautifull sky i was thinking of you. Wishing all the best of health.  I may be hearing the worst after our holiday next week. My health is not good for 6 weeks now. 2 march they will look in to my body for answers... all the best dear people💋❤
Keep strong. And keep your amazing attitude, perspective is everything in the face if adversity. I myself have been going through treatment on and off the last two years. I can completely relate to struggling to accept rest learning that it's okay to take it easy and let the treatment run its course is so hard. It gets easier as time goes on. Your gonna do great.
Ice pack on the back of your neck can help with the nausea ❤️
you all are love embodied. Thank you for sharing your journey. Cute bob hair!
I really appreciate how honest you've been throughout this whole journey. Even showing the red pee was very informative! We love you xx
You are both in my prayers daily! Always look forward to hearing how you are doing. Much love.
You are so incredibly strong and I admire your push to stay positive in such troublesome times.  Much love!  You got this!❤️
Sending you all sorts of good vibes from Ireland.  I just took a long walk in the freeeeezzzzing wind and rain in your honour Bec - you helped me remember what a privilege it is to be able to do so.  💚
I’ve been thinking of you Bec. Sending all my love to you 🌻
Sending positivity and prayers.  Take the sleep, it helps your body recover
Love hearing how you call it your sunshine juice. I had never thought of it in such a positive way. I know it’s going to be extremely had to stay positive for the next 5 months. We are all here for the good and the tears.💝🤗🤗🤗
Oh the love we get to witness in these videos. There's not a chance that anyone watching isn't partaking in your love and your strength, your beautiful way of storytelling your way through this is unbelieveable. As my dad went through his chemo-journey, he kept working. It was what kept him sane and busy The doctors were astonished when they found out he'd only taken one day off work throughout his whole chemo treatment, but for him it was just as big a part of healing as anything else. My point here is that your way of honouring your strength and ability to stay present and heal, is going to help you so much on this journey. I'm sure of it. As I've said before, I'm feeling honoured to take part in it. All the love to you three. (Cheeky sidenote: I think Oso belongs with you)
Watching your videos are really difficult for me as they bring me back to my own cancer journey…not something i enjoyed,  i am so in awe of your strength and positivity.  I pray for you both every night…hoping God hears me.  I truly do love you both..Not a stalker here, just a 70 year old woman to whom in days past you have brought much joy. Stay strong, and know we were all sending you positive vibes.  Love and Prayers !!!
i hope that someone has gifted you with 'the undying' by anne boyer!!! an incredible book by an incredible mind.
Sending love, prayers and healing to you.... Keeping both in thoughts ❤️❤️❤️❤️. You have a lot of rallying behind you. You will get thru this❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
So thankful for this upload! I haven't stopped thinking about you guys. You both are so incredibly strong! 💜💜💜
Bec, I’m a MD, future oncologist, and big fan.  I love your videos because you guys appear to live life with so much joy.  It’s kinda an escape for me. Let me tell you what I’ve learned from my patients fighting the big C.   You will find something inside yourself you would have never found otherwise, that thing was put there by the people in your life whom love you.  By your parents, by Eamon, by your friends, even your fans.  That thing will give you strength and confidence and faith and change you fundamentally.  Kinda like you’re a Pokémon and you evolved.  But mostly that thing will give you the power to inspire every single person you come in contact with… I think you’re uniquely ready for this challenge.  It’s not “bad luck”, its is a task you must accomplish… and you will.  I wish you both love and strength. ❤️💪
Keep all those positive thoughts ❤️❤️ sending you prayers and positive vibes for healing
Sending you both healing energy and love. You look awesome with short hair. My mom survided brest C for 34 years and lived to be 84 (was also diabetic, ended choking from eating in bed). Please sit up to eat. I'll be sending positive vibs thru your jouney, I'm Cherokee and an energy healer, my advice is find your meditative music and dance when you can even if only for a minute. Maybe Eamon can dance for you when you can't.
You are doing great!  Please keep Oso, he is your therapy in this journey.  He is healing you 🙌🙏✨  Many blessings and health. ❤️
You are both on my ongoing thoughts, vibes and prayers list!
You guys are amazing. Sending all the love and positivity always ❤️
this is a beautiful video! sending you healing energy your way Bec 🤍🧚🏻‍♀️✨
https://youtu.be/t4r8Rbx-a-E
I had stage 2 colon cancer.. I did 6 months of chemo.. my friend used to call it LIQUID GOLD.. I was on the same schedule as you.. the first week is bad and then the second week is to build your strength back up.. before chemo.. I had to have emergency surgery.. they took 2/3 of my large intestines out..  then chemo.. then another surgery to take out my gallbladder and fix the hernias I got from chemo..  I've been cancer free since..
Praying for you! Knowing that you’ll not feel great for the first 3 days and then start to improve is what you need to remind yourself of. Having Eamon cook for you is awesome and having foods ready to eat is important as you may not know what to eat but when things are handy, you’ll just grab something. I too did a daily walk which is very good. Glad you’re resting when you feel like it as it will help rebuild your immune system. Not having down days wouldn’t be realistic. We are here for you through thick and thin. Love the bob! ❤️🤗
My Prayers are still with you! 🙏🏽🙏🏽💖💖💖💖
Sending you positive energy, love and support 🥰 you can do this 💕
Thanks for sharing your journey 🙏❤️
Bec you are amazing, stay proud and positive💐👍🏆
Bec, you are such a warrior! You are so strong, and so inspiring! You are so loved and Eamon is an amazing supportive partner for you! Proud of both of you 💕💕💕💕 keep your head up and keep shining your light ✨✨
Sending you guys so much love
You should adopt a dog it will really cheer you up both , having a dog in your change everything , I'm proud of you and you are doing so great sending my prayers and love to the both, love you bec ❤️❤️❤️
I'm praying for your healing Bec! You are such an inspiration! Love seeing the love you get from Eamon and Bear. Thank you for sharing during this private difficult time of your life.
Thank you so much for sharing I have watched this channel for years and now have breast cancer so I feel not having my journey alone Thank-you for giving me the strength
Why the hell does the worst things happen to the best of us? I love you guys so much we’re rooting for you bec!!! You’re so strong 💪🏽
Thank you for sharing your journey with us all.  Your positivity is inspiring and the times that you show your fears and anxieties are inspiring as well.  You and Eamon will fight this together with support from each other.  Prayers coming your way as well as positive vibes.  xo
Sending you all of my love, blessings, and positive energy and thoughts to you and Eamon lots of love and support from Australia ♥
Idk if this will help. I knew every 24hrs that I went through was a whole new day & a new start & 1 day closer to done. I did 8 then 10 then 6. 2 years that blinked by. I learned a lot about myself & how to give myself a break and not be so hard on myself.
I feel like everything fell into place for you two to be home and safe in your renovated cabin right in time for Becks diagnosis. Such a healing and gorgeous place to be to go through this journey.
Sending you so much love and healing energies💗✨ check out medical medium! 100% recommend!
Hey, you two are so strong, and i feel that you are really Lucky and blessed that you have such a Great Partner. I know, that Jesus is at your side and that He is going to help you! I am praying for you!❤️
You can do this! It's tough, it's scary, but you will be ok. Love you both. Sending you good vibes 💚💚
Watching your journey begin reminds me of the documentary "Be here now" back in 2015.  My thoughts are with you and your family. Be strong you will beat this!
Sending tons of healing love...  xxoo
laying in bed and thinking really hard are a great way to screw yourself, from first-hand experience. the best remedy is a long podcast or video to fall asleep to, highly recommended for getting rid of midnight spooks and panic attacks. wireless in ear headphones recommended. they will save you from breaking a pair when you realize you roll like an alligator in your sleep.
My mom also just got diagnosed with Breast cancer
Which part of Canada do you live in? The views are magnificent.  Im sending all my goods thoughts to Bec.
So happy you chose to do the chemotherapy. Lost a dear friend to cancer and she chose diffrent, sadly. Good luck to both of you.
Wow that lake!! Beautiful usually but awesome when completely frozen 😍   Sending good thoughts to you both. I'm just really glad you guys caught the cancer in the early stages and have each other for such amazing positive support
It gets better guys. Stay strong ! You got this !
❤   Prayers are with you.
Thinking of you and saying prayers. I was wondering if you knew about the cold cap it helps with keeping your hair during chemo I know for some it may seem like a small thing but for a woman it would help with just keeping things somewhat normal with your appearance. Just hope they offered that to you. I know that Amy from kinging it can help you navigate some of the emotions or at least be an ear. You got this chick go kick Cancer's ass!🌷
I have been praying for both of you everyday and will continue to do so.  My Mom, who is 91, is having radiation treatments everyday for a very rare carcinoma in her upper thigh, which has been removed.    Weird stuff!  🤠❤️
your literally one of the strongest people I’ve seen, you’ve made me appreciate life so much more. I’m hoping and praying this all goes the best for you, and I wish you all the best throughout chemo 💕
You are strong and beautiful - a warrior!  You are helping others by sharing - what a lovely heart!  PS - your hair is really cute!
Wow, just WOW what an incredibly emotional and lovely video. Thank you for sharing this with us.  It is tremendously moving to witness the way you love each other.  ❤️‍🩹
I love you guys. I think you bec are super super brave. And I love your possitivity. Sending you love and best wishes. Xx
I am praying for you both. May God bless you through this journey.
Just want to let you know that the smoke that is coming from the engine is actually steam from the condensation in the exhaust system. Nothing to worry about! Best wishes!
Thank you for sharing this with us, guys! It is really though for me watching this, cause my dad is going through chemo and 9 surgerys for 2 year now. But on the other hand it is so releaving to see, that all those thoughts and worries are normal and yeah, maybe it sounds sick, but not to be alone in this weird world, with those weird feelings. Thank you thank you thank you! And I wish you all the best, so much love, and good and positive energy for the both of you. Feel hugged.
The way you are both tackling life head on with such grace, acceptance and positivity is so gorgeous to see. You’re also bringing such sunshine into other people’s darkest moments whilst going through your own. Everyone could take a leaf out of Bec’s book. Sending lots of healing vibes🥰💛🌻✨
As spring comes and the world is reborn, you are also being reborn.
Bec, i want you to know how much I and SO many other people in here love you!! I pray every night for you and Eamon and your whole family. I know we havn't ever seen each other in real life but, I cry like a big baby, because you ARE such a wonderful person. I know you are gonna be ok tho, you are strong, Healthy and you eat right and exercise. You are also a leader. YOU are the  best- girl, so you hold your pretty head up get this over with, be done with it. You will be fine. Eamon your such a great guy, a strong person.  I'm so glad you are there, you will be such a big support for this pretty sweet lady. Thank you for sharing all this with us all. But we are your cheer leaders, and praying for you every day, night. Girl God will take you through this, you mean so much to so many people. Lots of hugs to you both.
You two are so amazing. Thank you so much for sharing, you are helping so many people through this journey. Bec!!! You look so so cute with your new hair!!!! I love it!!!! You are going to beat this thing. Eamon, stay strong and make sure you're also reaching out to your support system. Your partnership is inspirational. I love you both so much, even though we have never met. 🤗🥰😇🤗❤️ Sending you a million hugs and so much love!!!
I want to write something really profound but nothing can express how I feel watching this. Bec, you are amazing! Eamon, everyone needs a partner like you! My thoughts and positive energy is with you.
Way to go Bec! I enjoy how transparent you are, you’re not feeding everybody these lines of like everything has to be super positive, I think it’s so important for people to see that sometimes you break down sometimes you can’t handle everything and that’s OK the more that we realize that sometimes we have to feel our feels. I am sending you so much love and lights to both you and Eamon you guys are killin this!!!!
Girl your courage is amazing! Sending thoughts and prayers
Super big hugs to both of you 💓
I agree w the other comments wishing you healing and every good thing. Thank you for sharing these videos.  I have had family and friends who had chemo, but I did not know what the treatment they went thru was like and I did not want to ask too many invasive questions.  I liked seeing what Bec found comforting and how you planned ahead to be as kind to yourself as possible.  I liked seeing how Eamon was able to be supportive.  I feel very positive about the outcome for Bec, and I love the dog.
Bec my heart is with you, we all really don't know where it comes from... 2018 my gbaby was diagnosed with a Whelms tumor on her right kidney, and had to have it removed...  like you I had so many questions about, what if this, not this or what did I miss when I had her visiting me... it's not the KNOWNS or the what ifs.   We all want to know what we put in our bodies is healthy for us and not harming us.  We  (I) are going through this journey with you ... I know hate is a strong word... but I hate  Cnr period... I hate it I cruse it all the time, but I am a believer and I know with God's grace and mercy you will ... Praying my dear for you daily... This to shall Pass...
I ate a lot of pickle, ,  I loved vegetables and rice,  I am vegetarian!  everything else was yuck !  brings back a lot of memories for my Brian and me !  Alovera juice morning and night was great for healing my stomach from the chemo,
Love to you both. Thinking of you xxxx
You got this 💪🏽
Love you guys and sending your all the healing and positive vibes to you both.
Thinking about you daily 🖤 I am so glad you have such a good team. Keep trying to find mini joys as much as you can. I also love how sweet Bear is and can tell he's good for you both right now. Sending you both so much love 🖤
We all very proud of you 💕💐💕💐💐💕💐💕💐💕💐💕💐💕
Get well get back to all your fun lavagavon for some fun
Your being so brave. Love watching the journey, we went through the whole cancer journey with my sister when she was 13, it is really hard to not have something to blame, and not have one thing to change, we feel like we need to do something but often there's nothing you can do 😔. Praying for you both ❤
Some stupid jokes for ya to make ya smile.  An Englishman, Frenchman, Spaniard, and German are all trying to watch a street performer juggle knives. Unfortunately, it's such a busy day in the city, there are too many other people around to see clearly. Luckily, the juggler notices their plight and decides to climb onto a higher platform so the four men can see. As he balances a knife on his nose, he asks, "Can you see me now?" The four men reply one after the other, "Yes!" "Oui!" "Si!" "Ja!" Sherlock Holmes and Watson are on a camping trip. After a good session of singing Wonderwall around the campfire, they retire to their sleeping bags. Several hours later, Sherlock wakes up and nudges Watson awake. Watson groggily asks, "What?" "Watson, look up at the sky and tell me what you see." Watson thinks about this for a minute, wiping his eyes. "I see millions of stars," Watson answers. "What does that tell you?" asks Sherlock. "Well, astronomically, it tells me there are millions of galaxies. Astrologically, I can see that Saturn is in Virgo. Theologically, I see that God is all-powerful and we are insignificant. What does it tell you, Holmes?" Sherlock remains silent for a few seconds. "It tells me that someone has stolen our tent."  A frog decides to visit a fortune teller to find out if he'll ever find his princess. The fortune teller reads his palm and after a few brief moments of contemplation, begins her reading. "I have good news and I have bad news. Which would you like to hear first?" The frog, anxious for the possibility of true love, chooses the good news first. "You are going to meet the most beautiful girl," the fortune teller says. "She's going to be very interested in you and will know everything there is to know about you. You'll open up to her and give her your heart." Pleased, the frog then cautiously asks for the so-called bad news. To this, the fortune teller replies, "You'll meet her in a Biology class."  One of the oddities of Wall Street is that it is the dealer and not the customer who is called broker.   Two hunters are out in the woods when one of them collapses. He doesn't seem to be breathing and his eyes are glazed. The other guy whips out his phone and calls the emergency services. He gasps, "My friend is dead! What can I do?". The operator says "Calm down. I can help. First, let's make sure he's dead." There is a silence, then a shot is heard. Back on the phone, the guys says "OK, now what?"
Sending SO much LOVE ♥️, STRENGTH 🦾🏋️, and SUPPORT 🥰🎉 to you both during this time! You WILL GET THROUGH IT. Genetics can cause cells to be more likely to react to chemicals put on and in the body. ORGANIC (chemical free farming etc.) food, lotions, cleaning supplies etc worked for me!! 'All-natural' does not mean chemical free. Infact I have my biology course links to give you more info: "Chemicals and your health" https://www.atsdr.cdc.gov/emes/public/docs/Chemicals,%20Cancer,%20and%20You%20FS.pdf.  In healthy cells, they send good chemical signals to different parts to tell the cell what to do such as the mitochondria to produce energy, and also when it's ready to split into 2 cells. Other bad chemicals contacting your skin, lungs, and digestive system can enter your digestive system and those bad chemicals can travel through the body and give the wrong signals to your cells. If the bad chemicals tell your cells to grow too fast and split, grow and split. Groups of too many cells are called tumors, which you shared about in your videos. I recommend researching credible, factual sites on living an Organic lifestyle -if- you aren't already. I feel you, Bec, as when I started chemo it was SO hard! I'm so glad you have Bec there, I was alone.I did chemo and organic lifestyle. Then, I'm not saying anyone should do this, but I quickly stopped chemo (it wasn't for me) and went on an all organic lifestyle, it was amazing!  I know you will make the best decisions for you! You will fight, you will be strong, and you will overcome this!! Be strong (both of you!!) You've got this!!!
Bec, i can not even begin to imagine what you are going through right now, but you are an amazing woman, and you have an amazing support from Eamon and also your family .... you got this, and when things are tough remember the good times that you have had and all the good times that are to come .... you got this!
Praying for you. You have the most wholesome, amazing support network!
Such a good idea to bring the fluff ball into the mix. It's true that we could learn a thing or two from dogs about when to go hard and when to rest
♥️♥️♥️
Sending you so much love and healing.  ❤️
Here are some some natural aproaches that can help your threatment and improve on your healing.  Injection of vitamin C(Taking orraly is not as close as powerful agains cancer) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7w8VBO8KVc0  Hydrogen Peroxyde(very great to give energy): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9EegW2d3RLM&feature=emb_title  Cbd Oil: Very powerful in cancer threatment, it has anti-inflamatory propeties and is an powerful antioxidant, and it is very powerful to threat sick cells(oxidated cells).  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1jCmbormfTI  Black Pepper and Turmeric: black pepper greatly increases the antioxidant power of turmeric, has powerful antioxidant and anti-fungal properties. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpOcLIprex0  Secondary threatments:  Apricot Seeds that have lots of B17, the biggest enemy of cancer. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGsSEqsGLWM  Sodium Bicarbonate: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_UClMl_pAcs  Zeolites: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FlG6feDWlks  Orgone Generators, Agnihotra, hydrogen nanobubble water.  https://cardstonmedical.com/diseases/cancer/  But the most important: a huge change in diet: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NdCPcyQiGUo&ab_channel=RawMunchies
Don´t worry, you're going to be OK... Positive thoughts!!!!!
Sending you all the positive and healing vibes
I’m a lymphatic cancer survivor and had Chemo with the Red Devil too. Some days will be way better than others as the chemo does it’s job. We’re all with you both all the way guys. Sending love. ❤️ you got this! 👊🏻
❤
❤️🧡💛💚💙🤍🤎💖
I’m disabled with chronic pain and illness and it took me some time to get into a daily gratitude practice. It’s absolutely a game-changer. I’m so proud of both of you for reaching out for resources and support. Even though I’ve been disabled for 6 years at this point, I still struggle with guilt and frustration around rest. But rest is so powerful. Peace is powerful. I’m sending the strongest, brightest, most caring vibes your way. You both got this and we all got you!!
It’s a very hard time, my son was diagnosed with lymphoma two years ago, went thru chemo, radiation surgery and lots of visits to ICU. Had to go through so many weeks of treatment, after the cancer came back he had a stem cell transplant.. now in remission for 6 months. Prayers to you both.
Best thing you can do for your body is drink as much water as you can stand, avoid soy, and load up on high protien foods which I know is tough..maybe protein drinks?.  Also...other than soy, eat what you want....you will find out pretty quickly that your favorite foods wont be your favorites for long...chemo does that to you. Also get a port...makes getting chemo and other meds so much easier..
Becs you are doing so well. Eamon you are amazing. Together you will come out the otherside.  Love and prayers to you both. X
I had to keep blinking away tears through a lot of this video. I've been where you've been mentally and physically from the chemo.  Not only did your words bring back so many rough memories but my heart was breaking more and more for you each time you had to go into an appointment and chemo alone. I was so fortunate that my diagnosis and treatments happened the year before Covid because my soul mate and forever guy was able to be there with me in everything. And Eamon is doing amazing in his support of you. Cancer is a tough journey no one wants to take but your positive spirit and energy and the love of family and friends is going to get you through this, Bec. I am so proud of you both.
The fact that you are still posting videos on YouTube and sharing your journey is honestly amazing. Both of you are extremely strong and even in the darkest of times you seem to find the light together. Thank you for everything and best of luck along this journey. If anyone can get through this it's you two.
I am so appreciative that you two have shared this difficult time in your life, and are so impressed with your optimism. I wish you both ease and love for one another. Love you both! Also chef Eamon you have done it again.
I am proud of you too.
Careful with those goji berries...and foods high in antioxidants in general.  The way chemotherapy (in your particular cocktail)  works is that the medications generate free radicals that are meant to attack the cancer cells.  Antioxidants will have an opposing effect on the chemo and get rid of those free radicals and your treatment won't work as well...
When I first heard the news about Bec I thought.... "Anyone but Bec". I met you guys once in the UK and have been watching you for years. I feel like Bec is my big sister. But the truth is Bec is one of those type of people who can handle something as crazy as a cancer. She is strong, resilient, and so inspiring. I am so lucky to have her to look up to as a young woman. You are amazing Bec <3
All the best and a lot of love for both of you. I just wanted to tell you that you both eat and live so healthy and it's nothing you did that made you sick. On the other hand I wanted to let you know that a lot of stress can cause your immune system down. That's probably one of the reasons that I could have developed. Be strong and hold on. I pray for you 💙💛
Lot's of Love and Light from Niagara.  Keep up the positive tude!!!  XOXOXO
When you’re laying in bed and Bec says she had two really great days 😢, I felt so grateful for you to have this. I am one of so many sending you hugs and prayers and love. You got this and we all believe in you both so much !!
Incredibly brave to share your story with us. And kudos to Eamon for being by you side. I can certainly understand. Positive and healing vibes being sent your way 💛
That dog is part of your family now. He will love & support both of you thru the worst part of life. I PRAY YOU FOSTER FAIL!!! Animals love on a whole other level...
You can do this!  Keep up the journaling.  I found it very helpful.  The hair looks sweet! ox
Sending my you lots of love and big hugs from Scotland xxxx
Bec, I know this is a little late but I like your bangs and when it all grows back maybe you can have bangs. I am praying for you often.
I’m so proud of you Bec
Thank you for a video, I was so worried about you Bec. Do take care my dear. You got this girl ❤ love you both.
So proud of you guys!! Love you both so much ❤
Wishing you and yours nothing but the best....🙃
Bec you are an inspiration.  Thank you for sharing your journey, I’m sure it will help so many people.  Sending love and best wishes to you both from the UK x 😊
Bec you are truly unbelievable. Sending all my love and prayers to you both from Scotland. If anyone can do this you can. What shining lights you both are x
Your positivity and determination is so inspiring. Sending all the positive vibes I can muster. You will get through this and be even stronger than before. Thankyou for sharing your journey.
You are an inspiration
You guys are a amazing couple love your videos . You are a amazing inspiration .
Eamon and Bec, this is what I have learned long time ago about our body and why we get cancer and others.   The truth is that God build us equally and we all have the same thing inside pur body, however, it depend when and how it trigger those cells. You do your best to take care for yourself, and nothing you do make this happen.  Pray my friend, and Bec you can do it and you got this.
I have watched you two for ever. Love you both. But I need to ask did you get the Covid jab. I friend did and now has breast cancer as well. I am praying for your recovery
You are awesome and you did nothing to cause this…I have what’s called Ehlers Danlos Syndrome, it’s a rare genetic condition. Life is not a series of what we choose but a series of things that happen to us. It’s how we respond to these things is what matters. Positive energy, prayer, choosing to live life is what matters.
You're in my daily prayers, all will be well. ❤️
Bec, I kept a little note book with positive messages and reminders written by me to me while going through chemo. I would refer back to it on those hard days, and found these messages surprisingly comforting. It helped so much to note what made me feel better in those hard moments during treatment. By the end of chemo I had quite the field guide for navigating challenging days. I am happy to report that was 10 years ago...sending you and Eamon all the very best.
You are doing great, Bec. So proud of you I went to chemo with my brother and my sister, so I sort of know what you are going through. I know it's going be a long process, but you can do it. Keep up your positive attitude and God bless Aemon for being there and loving you and supporting you all the way. I think of you often and know you will come through this and one day we will get to see little Aemon and Bec playing with Oso. Love you!!!!!
Stay strong and stay positive!
Sending all the love and positivity to you and Eamon…. ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Love watching you guys try cannabis oil along with all the other treatments.
So many flashbacks in this video as my wife began  her treatments…that was 18 years ago…the red sauce and nulasta…the rough first night, however positive thoughts, healthy foods and lots and lots of water specially before your treatment will carry you one step at a time! Lots of positive thoughts and prayers for both of you !
One of the keys to your recovery is the unconditional love and devotion from your doggo 🐕.  Accept his healing vibes along with the liquid sunshine
I’m so proud of you both! Your positive attitude is amazing. Love and hugs to you both🎵💕🥰
Continued prayers for both of you🙏🙏♥️♥️
Oh Bec wow you aren't direct family but boy I just want to wrap you in a click of protection,  some say cotton wool but they HEY you are owning this , AMAZING Bec! The funny YouTubes from friends is Brill and Bear what a guy. Eamon you are such a catch lol doing a pretty awesome job just being you and always there for Bec. Just know sending ridiculous amounts of love and hugs  xxxx
im continually praying for you bec. may this treatment heal you and your body will respond to this amazingly! ill also be praying for eamon to continue to be strong! you guys can do this!! we will all be here for u! i wish i could travel there and help you out even if its just doing random houseworks and errands
We're here, cheering every step of the way. We know you're strong and you'll get through it all. Sending lots of positive thoughts, vibes, love, hugs and kisses🥰❤
My Polish friend had cancer many years back, I've reached out to her to see if she might be able to give you any advice.
Please keep Oso he's the dang cutest dog and will always be there for a cuddle. My mum is a cancer survivor and had two rounds of chemo and her stomach removed. You will get through it, it will be hard but you'll get there with everyone's support. 💪
I found your channel just after my surgery to remove a brain tumor September 2020. I did all the things, chemo, radiation, drugs and felt all those feelings that you are feeling. Watching y’all out there living life on the road provided a much needed escape, so a very belated thanks for that. I’m praying for your complete healing and peace in this journey. My only advice is to feel how you feel without apologies. Just allow yourself to be what you need at that moment, whether it be laughing or crying or anything else. Let Eamon do the caregiver thing. He’s got broad shoulders and I know he’s up for it. I will continue to pray for your healing ❤️‍🩹 and comfort.
You are absolute sunshine. Tearing up at your amazing effort, perspective, and team approach. So so much love your guys’ way!
Eamon I have to tell you that you are amazing with Bec. You give when she wants it but back off when she indicates it. You a great partner. Bec, can't imagine what you are feeling every day but continue to be yourself . God bless you both
Thinking of you guys. Sending you lots of love and hugs from PEI. ❤️❤️
To be perfectly honest, I can hardly watch this darling.  My chest hurts just remembering what you are going through.  I am sorry.  I’m crying.  You are a strong brave woman and I wish and pray you well soon, very very soon.  Hugs and kisses.
On videos like this it feels weird to hit like. Praying for you both! This journey is hard and none of us who haven't gone through it doesn't know exactly how it feels. But i cried the whole way through as my heart hurts for you. I am praying for strength for both of you and healing and health for your body!
Sending you both hugs and prayers 💕🌷
Just remember- the cancer doesn't care about your mood. If you have days, weeks where you feel low, negative, or other, the chemo will do its things regardless. You don't have to be a strong positive warrior all the time. And you are not a bad person or giving cancer the power for having down days. Even grumpy people beat cancer.  I know we think about it as a fight and a war - but that implies that someone is not strong enough if they lose. And that's not fair to them. Be strong, be weak, be positive, and grumpy - be you. All the love ❤️
Surrounding you and Eamon with love and prayers for strength, courage, and healing. I love how Oso is helping with all the snuggles and kisses!❤️❤️❤️
Cancer as a metabolic disease. Thomas Seyfried https://youtu.be/06e-PwhmSq8
You're both in our thoughts, hearts and prayers. Sending lots of love your way.
Look into total biology (or german medicine) and discover underlaying emotional cause (often hidden in the subconscious) of your condition. Good luck!
Hay  Eamon and Bec you 2 guys are amazing  you could honestly teach others what real love is all about Bec’s you are doing amazing and with one of the very best partners by your side to help you along you will get through this and I look forward to the day you 2 super duper amazing people are back travelling in your van having the best time again and sharing it with us people who have grown to be your friends im sending my love and Big hugs to you both from me  to you both ❤️❤️margaret from Scotland U.K. xx
My prayers are with you and I'm sending you both all the positive vibes I possibly can. All my love for you, you rock Beth <3
Stay Strong LOVES!!!  Praying for ya! 💜✌🏼🙏🏼
Bec don’t go looking for a rhyme or reason for why you got cancer, think of this as a life lesson to experience and overcome . Sending you  healing vibes. ♥️
Dear Bec, you are such a powerwoman! I was wondering if you have seen Fantastic Funghi on Netflix. It is said that there are certain mushrooms that help fight symptoms of breast cancer. Yeah, just wanted to share that. You are doing so well!
Thank you both so much for including us on this journey.
Eamon remember your hair is upstairs?! *referring to Bec wanting to make a wig* I’m sitting here after my Full right knee ACL reconstruction and watching inspired by your beautiful story.  I send so many hugs! ❤️🙏🏽✨
You are in my thoughts and prayers. Love to the both of you.
BEC YOU AND EMON are very healthy and strong. Everyone  that loves you two will be praying for a quick recovery between the treatments. We all are human but all very different  why things happen as they happen is truly a mystery. Everyone suffers  to see our LOVED ones hurt.  Mom had cancer my sister , and others in the family  Hope Faith and STRENGTH be with you.BLESSINGS ❣❤😍😇😷👍👌🙏
Sending so much love I hope u and family are ok and thanks for almost sharing the negatives and the positives because you tube can only show the good stuff and it’s so easy for people just to think that. Hope u feel better soon xx
you should take advantage that your cutting your hair and try hairstyles or hair color you always wanted to try! Good luck with everything. You deserve the best of the best :)
🦋❣🦋Bec, I'm 3rd generation BC, and its not heredity. I had to have a mastectomy, that was in 1997. After having no reconstruction, to having an implant ( that I had side effects from). I did finally have a trans flap reconstruction using my back muscles. I now look very normal with feeling, and my clothes fit well. I went through a roller coaster of emotions without YouTube or support. I'm so grateful that you are helping so many through their roller coaster. I hope that sharing some of my experience will help someone. Air hugs for both of you. ❣🦋❣🦋
Oh, Bec, when you cry I cry. My heart aches for you. Just know that your creator knows exactly where you are and loves you more than you could ever measure!! I'm praying that as with the Earthly Physicians that the Great Physician will touch your body and make you whole!! I'm a granny who has walked with Him my whole life and I have seen and had many miracles in my life through the years! I am praying for you, sweetheart! 💕
I send you strong huggs from Italy!! You are brave and you can handle all of it!!!! You ho bec <3
Love you guys so much.....  Bec, I've been praying for you, I truly have.  I even told my husband all about it ( he doesn't watch Youtube & he even got emotional ).  I want so badly for Bec to be okay....  Eamon, my heart goes out to you, buddy.  The love you two have one another is medicine to one another's souls.....keep healing each other.   Sending lots of love from Toronto.  <3
🥰 sending good vibes to both of you
You’re amazing, strong and beautiful   so thankful you’re sharing your journey with us
You can live the healthiest diet on planet but it’s genetics that get you every time (yep, Eamon was correct, blame the parents😂😂). You are both strong😂❤️❤️
I’m so sorry you are going through this. I know how hard it can be facing such a fight. You’ve lived as a caterpillar merrily crawling along enjoying life. Now you’re in your cocoon phase and it will feel horribly long and never ending. However you will come out of the other side of this phase as a gorgeous butterfly and boy will you fly!  On the toughest of days remind yourself you’ve an impressive 100% of surviving such days.
Sending much love to you both at this time. Oso will bring you so much unconditional love. Pets really help us through tough times. Eamon my heart is with you. Due to the covid protocols I had to see my husband go off in an ambulance to the hospital and I was unable to be there at the hospital with him for a few days. It was so hard not being there to make sure they are okay. You and Bec are so awesome the way you are supporting each other.
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ love you guys
You are amazing,  you've got this. Sending you so much strength and love.  And by the way, you look AMAZING with short hair like that. You look so cute! Such a beautiful woman. I love watching your videos and have for years now. I can't wait to see what your amazing future looks like and all the travelling your yet to do. Exciting.  Lots of love, beki xxx
When my mother had colorectal cancer they needed to grow the cancer growing in her lung (she'd metastasised) and they used glucose to grow the cancer to take photos of it inside as it was so small. After that she stopped eating so many carbohydrates, fruits, pastas and potatoes as well as treats ie cake and biscuits as we all couldn't believe how quickly her cancer spot on her lungs grew with just a small amount of glucose. Take good care lovely and all love and healing to you xx
Bravehearts as one
Have you thought about using marijuana to feel better ?
We all love you Eamon and Bec! I’ve been thinking about your journey and sending positive energy your way every single day. Can’t wait to see you on the other side of this! 💛✨
Sending so much positivity to you both, so proud of you guys you are the most amazing couple and so lucky to have each other there side by side! prayers 💕
Little One, I know you have gotten so much advice however...if you are offered Marinol (THC in sesame oil in a capsule), I promise it will keep you from throwing up or feeling nauseous.  You look precious cute with shorter hair.  Hang in there.  It's going to be okay.  I feel ya.
Keep positive you will get thru this
I got my cancer diagnosis last tuesday and that makes watching this so much different than watching your last episode. I was diagnosed with blood cancer called MDS so my journey will be different but at some points similar to yours. The emotional rollarcoaster is real.   I agree that not knowing is hard. I went straight to the support groups to read the worst stories because that kind of calms me down, to know all possible outcomes. But everyone is different and you should do what feels best for you ❤.   Your positivity brings positive vibes all the way to Finland to me. And your bad days remind me to give mercy to myself too. Thank you for sharing your journey the way it is ❤❤❤.
Send positive thoughts to you both! Bec, i remember when i started to not be able to do much in a day due to a joint condition, it is difficult to rid yourself of the productivity is everything mindset and not push myself beyond my limits. I hope you'll have an easier time adjusting your expectations for yourself when your feeling awful. We're all behind both of you, keep eating your veggies and cruciferous veg, you've got this! also, bear is very lucky to have the both of you.
I was moved by watching your video and empathize with you. It's ok to just pull the covers over your head and rest sometimes. Take care! You have lots of people pulling for you. It's going to be OK.
It's harder if you look at the long term of the treatment ... Come back to the moment 🙂 don't suffer the day ahead 💪🪔 universal energy from Boquerón PR
As much as i wish you a full recovery, I can't help but see how much Eamon is struggling here. I know it's becs fight here but that man is broken. I'm sending positive vibes to you both . I can't even begin to imagine how hard this is for you. much love guys
I love you bec!! You always in my prayer!
You are doing amazing. We love you and praying for you. 🤍
You are so amazing, and that hair wow you look incredible! You got this bec ❤️🤘🏻
Love you soo much guys such an inspiration but I know your gonna come out of this stronger and better than ever 🥰
Sending lots of love to you both, Bec you have such an amazing mindset and it's really inspiring
You are amazing and you can do this!! Sending you both all of the love and positivity that I possibly can 💜
Love your bangs🙎🏼‍♀️
Love you guys………my thoughts and prayers are with you.  When you are well again please come and visit New Zealand 🇳🇿 My wife Cath and I would love to host you 😉
You got this The both of you your strength is inspiring truely Bec your a bloody legend little mate😃👍❤️🌻🇦🇺🇦🇺
You are a hero!!! Be brave!🤗
I validate all the confusing, scary, and dark thoughts and feelings you have. You are both strong people for accepting and experiencing this season of life. The deep belief you have and cultivate in yourself is inspiring Bec
Sending lots of love your way Bec and Eamon. Praying for you - for strength and energy. You're both awesome. Stand strong! We're standing with you in spirit.
my husband has cancer...we are on the same journey....         I understand everything you are feeling.....Eamon stay strong Bec will need your strength......love you guys.....lots of prayers for you....lots of healing vibes sent your way
Praying for you bec!
My prayers are with you both I wish the best and most respect to you guy and Bec for this tuff time 🙏
The fact that you Amon can’t go into the chemo appointment with you is bullshit. The emotional bullshit from the rona scam is going to be a lot more long lasting than the rona itself.  Prayers for both of you.
Hi Bec and Eamon , I’m admiring all of your strength and courage through this journey back to health … I’ve been asking myself how does someone get cancer thateats so healthy and practices regular exercise ?? I was noticing some of your products used in your van conversion and home renovations , I’ve read the MDF board used in wood products has been positively linked to cancer . Other products such as adhesives , etc too ! Too much soy is a hormone disruptive … Maybe you can find the link to this disease so you can avoid it in the future . Be proactive and do your research :) You are young and you’re strong , I have no doubt you will be 100% back to health in no time :)
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
You're such a strong beautiful woman Bec, I know you'll get through this keep your head up sunshine.
Sending love to you both from a very windy and rainy South Wales x 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿
Thank you for sharing this journey to best health. Praying for you both! 💕🙏
Really amazing job on sharing your story so far! We are right there supporting your from across the water in Ireland ❤
You're so so strong and an inspiration. Sending you so much love from Vancouver 💕 I'm so sorry you're going through this, you got this!
BEC YOU ARE A WARRIOR ❤️ we love you 💗 we look forward to updates on you every week.
cancer always happens to the BEST people. Stop being so Awesome.. LOL  Love you guys! I'll never get it cause I'm so darn mean...and ornery. (fingers crossed)
Sending you lots of ❤
Sending you both strength ❤️ Thanks for taking us along with you!
We love yeh bec. Love yeh both. Such a strong person. Sending love here 💕
Stay strong and positive because you will pull thru this!
Bec you are such an inspiration to so many, especially me, everyone deals with hard times differently but the way you do is so admirable. Watching these videos really gives me a new appreciation for life and the nature around. You are doing so great and you have thousands to back you up when you are feeling down. We got you.
you look great with the fringe bangs - love them on you!!!  Prayers and thoughts are with you and Eamon and your family - Love watching your videos and look forward to more......Take good care Bec - I'm sure it is rough but you are strong & oh what a love you have at your side (Eamon)...❤💖💓😘🤗🤗🤗🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏  p.s. - when did you get Oso?  Beautiful dog!
Way to go Bec hang in there girl you're a beautiful person and Ik you're going to be just fine! I strongly believe some of the most beautiful people are put through the most difficult things in life you're truly an inspiration. Eamon same for you goes for you; the way you are staying strong and supportive is amazing keep it up😉🥰
Tears in my eyes watching this. Thank you both for your courage and honesty in sharing this. Sending you much love for a full recovery Bec xx
wish you all the best from Holland
If i could take just one small part of what your going through and do it for you i would. Thank you for letting us walk with you and watch you kick cancers butt. Eamon is a great support for you and shows it continuously. Sending you both a virtual hugs and extra hugs to the viewers who are facing or have faced a cancer diagnosis. Bless you all.
Oh boy these are hard to watch. I've been thinking about you on an off since your last video, I can't get it out of my head either. You mentioned the healthy living, eating, air and everything I was thinking... How most of us "normal people" who just go about life as it comes and you've personally made real efforts to "live right, eat right, be mindful good people" and then BAM... you get this. I don't know if I'd have the strength to confront the "why me" side of that. I think it's too easy to say "well it just happens and it just luck" but deep down, hell I'f I couldn't help but feel resentful, whether it was justified in reality or not. Ooof, my heart breaks just thinking about it. Please get well soon Bec xxxxx Oh Eamon you look broken too man, it's OK dude. I wish I could say something here that helps but I'm just .......... :( You got this buddy xxx
The dog knows something is not right.  He wants to be supportive
❤️🤞🏻
Sending positive vibrations. ♥️
Prayers continue.  You’ve got this.
You got this Bec, sending love and prayers for a complete recovery.
Sending positive vibes for you both!
My Prayers are with you both.  Am thankful for your Great attitude, it is so very important.  God Bless You both.  Appreciate being kept up to date with the videos, but your care is so much more important, so if need be, screw the videos and take care of yourself FIRST.
Peptides! A doctor, Dr. Stanislaw Burzynski, in the late 80s/early 90s did a research with 30 people who had various cancers ranging from ovarian, liver cancer (my Dad passed away from 2yrs ago), brain cancer etc. They ALL were healed under his treatment & went before the Supreme Court & testified admitting their cancer was gone some in 4wks some in 9wks. His research & books have been hidden & banned on this banned by big pharma. Of course big pharma lined the pockets of certain judges & "people in power" to have his research removed from bookstores & libraries. A father of twin daughters, one diagnosed with brain cancer got a copy of Dr. Burzynski's book & went before Congress years ago asking & pleading why has this information been suppressed to the public. The Dad being a detective done tons of research & just wanted his daughter cured & to have a quality life. There used to be a video of him pleading his case but I'm not sure of it's been completely banned from YT.  I don't know all of the terminology & lingo but it's amino acids and amino acid derivatives & Peptides that were given to these patients that cured them. The doctor has been silenced for years but I seen a news report last week which stated suddenly scientists are now using this doctors formula & a cure for cancer has been available since the late 80s/early 90s & a "breakthrough" is now in sight. I suppose as long as the big pharma companies can benefit from this "breakthrough" all is well. I just wanted to put this information out there. Of course, as with anyone of Dr. Burzynski's status you will find articles debunking his research & lies about him but like a writer said "if it's not a cure what does a terminal patient really have to lose?" I just wanted you to be equipped with ALL of the knowledge that you can find Bec because I care THAT MUCH ABOUT YOU! PLEASE PLEASE do your own research about this. PRAYING FOR YOU ALWAYS! 🙏❤🙏
Keep the videos coming! We love you! You can do this! It will be a bitch but you have true grit! Just go with it. Ride the waves. Don’t fight the current.
❤️❤️❤️
Be sure to take anti-nausea medicine because if you vomit you have ro stop treatment and restart. I am stage 4 cancer survivor   1.5 year  on rounds of chemo then radiation, also ask for pain management, my cancer metastasized throughout my body even to brain. You will get this! Stay strong and positive!
The car ride to your first treatment and appreciation you showed for this beautiful earth and each other made me sob out loud.  Praying for you both.
Ice caps to preserve hair, Bec. Oncologists know about these. Preventive, along the same line as saving your eggs. You will do just fine. It's 2022, and medical treatment is astoundingly successful in myriad areas now💞😊🙏
I hope you can make the wig from your own hair!! That was what I dreamed about when I first heard you would be losing your hair.  I lost all my hair as a young girl when I survived Rocky Mountain Spotted Fever.. I always think about what I could have done before it all came out.  I cut it short but back in those days I let it all go but if only I had it!  So I try to tell everyone about my dream and I know it is the best idea because there’s nothing like having your own hair with it’s own personal texture and everything!  Please post if you find a wig maker to use your own hair!  I truly hope everyone can use this and I need it as well because now that I’ve become a lot older I have a lot of nerve damage and my hair has become dry thin.  So I’m hoping I could cut the bottom and have a topper made with my very own hair.  Praying for you beautiful girl! My mamas name was Rebecca.  You remind me so much if her.  She was beautiful like you.  She survived breast cancer in 1980!  You can do this too!
Going though hard times too atm, surely not hard as yours but what I wanted to say-  I feel u - keep going:)
❤
Praying for you all.  ❤️
You are a warrior Bec. Such an inspiration to people around the world. Sending all the love possible your way. ❤️❤️❤️
If you believe in something, hold on to that belief and never let it go. It will help you through this and try not to clutter your mind with negative thoughts. Your body will react to how you think. The last thing, when you feel nauseous, take a cool damp wash cloth and place it behind your neck. This will help you through some of those rough moments. Just trying to help and I don't blame you it you delete this comment. Always stay positive!
Thanks for sharing your journey! It's heartwarming to see it all honestly. Also Oso is so so sweet! Hang in there, you got this!
Know that you are on my heart daily and I feel grateful that you are sharing this journey with us whatever the emotions may be. And Bec, your hair looks absolutely adorable!
❤️🙏📿
this whole video tugged at my heart strings, I never knew watching you guys for 3 years would mean I would be forming an attachment to you guys. Bec you are admirable, and amazing. 🤍 all the love guys, wishing you the best possible outcomes.
Bec, I want you to know, I love Jesus! And I know he loves you and Eamon. I am praying for you in this journey.  When you have a personal relationship with Jesus, it doesn’t prevent you from life’s trials, but the comfort and strength  I get, have helped me thru so much in my 59 years. So I’m lifting you both up! He’s there for you, just call on him, even if you think it crap, he’ll meet you where you are. Hugs🤗
Prayers from North Cental Wisconsin!
Prayers for complete healing
Beck you are inspiring! I wish you all the best. Eamon you are doing an awesome job supporting Beck! Thank you guys for sharing your journey! 🙏🌞🙏
There are "NEW" HEALING TECHNOLOGIES coming out soon and Cures that have been hidden from us for years...stay in HOPE AND FAITH!!!!
I send you powerful vibrating green healing energy with golden rays of light and much love. I find your new hair style amazing. It fits you even more than your beautiful long hair. <3
*hugs*
10 years ago I went through 17 rounds of Chemo so I feel you.  Keep your positive attitude, it will serve you well.  In fact, it IS the difference maker.  It sucks, but the benefit on the back end is SO worth it.  Best of luck for continued strength.
gotta start beeping out the W word! hehe, my dogs think you're taking them for a walk! sending so much love & healing energy your way <3
I was thinking you should use your beautiful hair as a wig, so glad you mentioned it….keep strong girl and to your new friends you have made at the hospital z❤️  PS take it from me to get a bloody good laugh, just watch your videos I never can watch without a good old laugh, thanks guys.
After my meditation today I have asked the universe to send more positive energy and hopefully lots of healing a strength during this time❤️❤️
Do a shot of wheatgrass before chemo, it well cut the nausea!!!
This was a lot.  The mom in me wants to go UP, but your family support is so awesome.  But Lordamercy, that Oso!  What love that dog has for you Bec!  Big prayers and hugs from Texas, your pixie cut is adorable, can’t wait to see it all fixed up!  Thinking of you two all the time, this YT family beats all, perfect strangers with such strong emotional ties!  But isn’t this the way it is supposed to be?
Keep on, keeping on!
Take care of yourself you guys, you are lights in this world. Love you guys
sending you all the love, strength, and happiness that I can. allow yourself to feel whatever it is that you feel, it's your journey, your body, no one can or should tell you anything else. I wish you lots of good days and healing :)
You're engine isn't smoking. It's condensation. Same thing when you exhale outside in the cold.  Hang in there guys, we all LOVE you lots!!
Ok but like I LOVE your hair short! You can pull it off and bangs! I wish! I’m glad you have been able to find all the good through this journey I hope it continues!💕💕
A&B you are both amazing. Get some gummies! It helps so much there is a reason it was medical first!!
❤️
Every one of us Bec is sitting on the edge of your bed sending you love and strength.  The only way we are getting off is if your dog farts.
You are so brave, thank you for sharing your journey, my mom is dealing with lung cancer and it’s not even in her lung it’s in the cavity that holds your lung ,just two pea size nodules. So you cannot operate there too remove them. She had 3 rounds of chemotherapy  and now going through immune therapy . She has been responding well .we have been dealing with this since the beginning of COVID-19. My mom is 80 years old and has only been in the hospital to have us kids.so each journey is different but camaraderie is their. Thank you.
♥️♥️♥️♥️
Eamom  I’m so grateful to you for supporting Bec  the way you are I am so proud of you! I know this is so hard for you  You’re the best !  My prayers & Love to you as well❤️🙏✝️
Sending so much love and support for both of you!! Bec you can do ANYTHING, trust the prossess and trust your body! Eamon, let me just tell you that you ROCK!!! Love you guys so much, keep going, everything will be fine in the end <3
You 2 are in my prayers 🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽☕☕☕☕you 2 are Angels on earth and I truly appreciate you 2 sharing your life with us 💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👍👍👍👍👍👍👍❤❤❤🥰🥰🥰
I'm PRAYING FOR YOUR HEALING AND RENEWED HEALTH AND STRENGTH!!!!
Eamon and Bec you are both lessons for every single one of us. You are fighting the good fight with grace, dignity and full transparency that we're all learning from. Putting your journey out there so others can travel this path with you, when sharing from the heart without whitewashing it speaks volumes. Whether you see us or not know there are THOUSANDS of us walking beside you, holding your hand, sharing your tears, fears and laughter. Thank you both for giving all of us this amazing gift. Keep fighting the good fight Bec... ❤️
<3 <3 <3
❤️
I love how vulnerable you let yourself be it's very helpful to see so thank you bec: ps to anyone who hasn't tried athletic greens I have before and its very healthy but tastes kind of nasty just fyi
So raw and real Bec! I don’t know you guys personally, but I’ve followed for a long long time now and I think I can speak for everyone watching, I appreciate your strength and power! I’ll keep rallying for you both! Much love and respect!
Praying Jesus heals you and brings you peace and comfort!
If tears were prayers.... ❤❤❤❤
Sending you guys love ,hugs and best  wishes love you guys loads.  Always looking foward to your videos.  Barbados 🇧🇧
I love your honesty and realness. Cancer is so prevalent and you are showing the world that is ok. I pray for healing for you. I know you’ll kick this!
My Mom got diagnosed with breast cancer almost one year ago. She had me when she was a teen, now I’m a teenager and she’s about your age. Y’all both have very similar body types and lifestyles. She also went through 8 rounds of chemo and did the 4 “red devil” rounds. She did genetic testing and cancer does not run in the family. It’s been tough dealing with something so unexpected and I have been so scared for her. She just recently finished all of her chemo and has started radiation. You are so strong and will handle this all so well. I know reading all of other people’s stories on social media about their journey can be motivating and can also bring anxiety. I just hope you keep seeking the sunshine! Prayers for you two🤍
The fact that you can't go in with her is a CRIME. That made me cry. This COVID nonsense is making me sick.
Sending so much love and light your way all week long 💗
Sending love warm hugs and positive vibes to you both. Keeping you both in my prayers. 💗☮️💗
You guys are so beautiful together. I don't know what your faith is but prayers for you both and your families. I enjoy watching you guys through all of your great adventures and now you are having to go through I'm sure the worst thing you have ever experienced. My mom received the same LIQUID SUNSHINE and yes it was tough but it worked. You guys will be stronger than ever once this is over. Much love and prayers coming your way. ❤️
I agree with Eamon about the Pharm...please Research other Options!!!!!
You are my Princess Warrior Bec much love and respect to you and Eamon be safe 💕💕💕xxxx The dogs 🐕 are just so cute 🥰❤️❤️🇦🇺🇦🇺👍👍
I am praying with and for you guys.
When you were walking up those stairs, totally change of your life start crying. Every day is a step  Closer to your recovery. Counter those steps and one day you'll never have to go back.stay  Humble and lovable as you are.
So proud of you guys..stay strong!! It is soon over 🙏🏻❤️
Are they adding anti-emetics and steroids to your pre-infusion cocktail? Everyone is different of course but I didn’t experience any nausea with my chemo (yes, I had adriamycin too). The one weird side effect that I had from the red Devil were blisters on the soles of my feet. BTW, I think you’re a biohazard for about 72 hours after red Devil infusion.  Did you get a port??  Makes infusions SO much easier.  Anyway, you will feel better someday soon. Just keep counting down. It goes faster than you think.
So proud of you guys..stay strong!! It is soon over 🙏🏻❤️
Love you guys! Sending hugs and prayers for this journey of healing.
Sending love and best wishes that your treatment and your body gets better quickly. You are both amazing.
There is an awesome documentary on Amazon called, Heal.  It’s all about how our minds can actually change the chemistry in our bodies.  I just watched it and thought of you. So I thought I would share. Lots of love and healing prayers coming your way
Its so silly to think that two individuals on a random internet site could give me so much happiness. These recent videos have been so hard to watch because I empathize with you both so strongly. Sending you so much love and positivity, I hope you both have a beautiful day. Your outlook on positivity is simply inspiring. <3 You got this Bec <3
WOOW I am just speechless. I cried most of the time of joy and sadness. Love y’all  GOD BLESS 💕💕 just remember God is with y’all and trust him maybe even read a few encouraging scriptures  Matthew 11:30 Psalm 23:4
You guys can do all things through Christ who strengthen you Philippians CH 4
Keeping you in my thoughts and prayers!
Sending so many thoughts your way and love!!!
Prayers for you both as you go through this journey. You’ve got this Bec!!
Just thinking about you non stop. Love you both ❤️
Still thinking of you two! Love the bob!!!!!!! You look so cute with your hair like this! Please stay positive! We are all sending love and prayers.
BEEEECCCC! I watched a 43 min long video called TikToks that make me wheeze part 6. Thought I was only like 5 minutes when I clicked on it. 30 minutes in a realized I was still watching! I was actually really surprised at how funny they were, I don't really use tiktok. So if you run out of things to watch try those!
Hey You 2...... GOD I'm so very lucky to have found you both.  You're an awesome couple and have always given me, (us), the drive to enjoy life as we are dealt it.    Thank you so much 💓 for keeping us up to date.   Our prayers, thoughts and good vibes steam your way.  So extremely proud of you both.......... We love ❤ 😍 💖 ❣ 💕 💘 ❤  you both.........  PEACE  ✌   LOVE ❤   TRANQUILITY.........  LOVE
I know that even though you are physically alone in the treatment room, everyone is there with you in spirit. I discovered you guys a year and a half ago. I was in a hospital room, sick, sore and alone after my second stomach surgery in 12 months. (I was diagnosed with stage 1 bowel cancer two years ago.) Your videos (especially Eamon's cooking ones) were such a positive distraction. I wish you all the strength and support to get through this.🙏
💐💐💐
Sending you guys so much love!! If you find the time and it interests and feels right for you, I would highly suggest looking into Abraham Hicks and listening to some of their stuff :)
❤❤❤
We’re surrounding you both with so much healing love and light. 💚💚💚💚💚💚💚
GO Bec! GO Eamon! You can do hard things 🙌🏻❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️
So proud of you both💗
I had been waiting to learn the dogs name.  I swear I didn't hear anything till just now.  Then again it wouldn't be the first time I didn't hear something.  Happy to see that smile on Bec's face,  You definitely light up the room with your beautiful smile.  Eamon...... you are absolutely killing it my friend.  Keep it up you two.  You guys are in my prayers
Sending all my love and positive warm vibes for you both for the journey ahead xox
We have you Bec
Did you ever think that the cabin restoration came into your life at the right time so that you have a safe, positive place to be during this chapter in your life? I am sending you positive healing energy and thank you for sharing this extremely private experinece with us.  I am not sure I am brave enought to do that.
I’ve been watching you both on Sundays when I have some “me time” (mom of 4 under 6 that’s precious time 😉) Your videos have always been a source of entertainment m/escapism but I just wanted to know, while your videos are still beautiful and well done, I’ll be here each Sunday (or whenever), clicking “like” as a sign of support. I know you are weeks ahead in this journey - you are in my thoughts, sending you prayers/vibes/positive healing light from suburbia, USA ❤️
My dad did not loose his hair - so maybe.. you know.. there is a few percentage of people that do not loose them. I was really looking forward to this video you guys. I have not followed you for long but I’ve been through a rough time last month with my health and binge watched your videos. I really missed you and was so happy to see see this video popping. Sending you so much love and strength. We are all here with you guys ❤️
Hey eamon & bec I showed your video to my mom which had blood cancer few years back . and when she saw your video she immediately wanted me to tell you this that don't worry at all I had the same situation 20 years ago (when I was 2 years old ) and you can defeat the cancer with only good thoughts and good moods which seems your on the right track ,  be strong be positive and pray to God and you will manage it for sure even the treatment these days are more better now than 20 years ago so don't worry and big smiles
Sending all my love, you are so inspiring
well done bec & eammon yous are doing brilliantly xxx
🙏❤sending hugs, love ❤️ and prayers 🙏
❤🙏❤
❤
🙏🏻💗🙏🏻💗🙏🏻💗🙏🏻💗
You both are a inspiration 💪🏻
Sending love and prayers to you both!! ❤️ I started following you a few months back and have gone back and watched the last 3 years up to date! i love y’all’s energy and positive attitudes and have encouraged me to start caring more about myself and body! Thank you both and I can’t wait to watch and support the journey ahead!
The dog needs a seatbelt. He could fly through the windscreen.
Please do not re-home the furbaby. He will be even more bonded with you because of what you are going through and would be a horrible experience for him to go to someone else.  My husband has been going through chemo since August and next week will be his last treatment.  We will be thankful to have some recovery time. I will be keeping you both in my prayers because I do knw what you are going through.
Hey guys...where you get those crampons for your Blundstones? I wanna get some for my wife.
I have been following you both and your journeys all over the world, for the last couple years. I am thinking and praying for you Bec and for you both. I know you are so strong and can push through this. Keeping you in my thoughts and sending love. 💕
Y’all are so inspiring, thank you for being so vulnerable and open. You guys are beautiful people, so strong and resilient. Because of you I’m focusing on gratitude right now, you made today better for me and all I can hope is today you find your grateful moment too💛 love you guys!
Your new hairstyle, looks absolutely adorable.  You look beautiful!
Bec, you look Amazing with your hair like this... Sweety, i am proud how you go with all that stuff... I will send you light  and love and will think of you... Eamon, big hug for you, You are the best😘😘❤❤
Stay strong!! It is not that big of a deal these days.  Many success stories and overcome with full recovery.  We are around to support you.
I’m sure you’ve already been told this but try to avoid soy ❤️ My moms breast cancer was hormone fed and her oncologist told her to avoid soy like the plague.  I’m so encouraged and inspired by the manner in which you both are handling this and the mindset you have. Awe inspiring; you show us how to fight battles with grace and wisdom. Thank you.
You are so strong you will smash this. I think it's really good but the dr recognises this will be very hard on eamon aswell but we are all behind you and your family
Many Drs. have been saying cancer cases have been through the roof since v a x x . Just saying. Sending endless positives vibes your way.
🌸💕🦋 Hey Guys, I get so excited to see you..Bec,honey I know how scared you are but with Eamon you can survive anything..it breaks my heart to see you sick..I went through the whole cancer thing with my mom and I know how tough it is…Sending you love 💕 hugs 🤗 and prayers with many well wishes…Much love 💕 New Orleans 🎭🎶🎭
Bec I hope you can feel all the hugs and positive thoughts everyone is sending you
If anybody can kick cancer's ass it's you Bec!
Keeping you and Eamon in my prayers. ♥️🇬🇧
Your oncologist sounds like a drug dealer. They get paid to sell chemo. Please look into Chris Wark and heal yourself holistically. You can’t just do chemo and kill your immune system and then expect this to go away forever.
💓
💕🦋
Big hugs from South Louisiana, y’all! Bec, you are such a beautiful soul! Wishing you all the best! I really love y’all!
Sending lots of prayers and good vibes! Bec you are one of the strongest women you got this! Such an inspiration
Radiaciones ??? Put the phone away for a while 😒🧐🥺😟😟😞
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🙏
What a Sweet Puppy. He is a gift:
Thank you for sharing your  journey. It takes alot of courage to go through what your going through. You and Eamon are in my thoughts and prayers. You are so strong. ❤
Sending all my love and healing energy for you guys 🤍
Sending love and healing vibes, and a big hug to bear, he is such a good friend to you both. What a sweet boy, thanks for taking care of him ❤️
It’s really hard to just give up the idea that there has to be a cause for illness. It’s not possible for many to be healthy. It’s really hard to forgive yourself when you are chronically ill and it’s especially hard to forgive others when you always think there is something they should be doing to be well.
Thank-you for sharing your journey. So good to see you both doing all the things. You will make it!  Also good to see so many encouraging comments below. Other real people have made this journey like you are. You are in our prayers.
Bec, you got this! Proud of you girl. Eamon, proud of you too. Best supportive couple ever! Hugs!!!!
You’re amazing!
When you all started your journey with cancer I remember thinking I know what they are going through. My mother a few years back had stage 4 cancer and is now recovered and cancer free. As I watched today's video it feels to real to watch as my dad was diagnosed with cancer yesterday. So I am praying with you guys as you go through this. Remember you are not alone.
Thank you so much for sharing your journey with us. I had to go through this with my mom who got cancer two years ago and it is so emotional for me to see you guys go through it now. It is a long and intense journey, but I am so happy for you that you can support each other into this journey. I will sent all my positive thoughts to you both!! I am really grateful that I discovered your videos (more than a year ago now), it truly is a highlight in my week. I love the honesty and vulnerability that you are able to get into your videos. Again, sending you positive thoughts from Mtl, Canada! xx
I could almost be your granny. You are my heroes. I’m so emotional, not with fear and anger, but with deepest gratitude and appreciation for your journey, your reframing, your willingness to share with viewers, the way you are building your support team, not just physically but mentally and emotionally,  I love you kids.  The journey’s got some make-your-teeth-rattle bumps, you’ll get through, no matter what, one day at a time.  Did I mention how much I love you kids 🙏🏻
Thinking of you guys often, praying daily. You will overcome. I see it.
You are very special people ,to be sharing this very difficult part of your journey is fantastic, it will help and encourage so many others, stay strong you crazy loveable couple.Love and sunshine coming your way.xx
Eamon this is for you. I am also the support person and it is sooo difficult not to be allowed in during treatments. Sending prayers and good thoughts to both of you. My husband starts treatment again tomorrow after a 21 year period of remission. I am not allowed in either. This covid thing makes it tough!! He is a 27 year survivor of Mantle cell lymphoma.
The rollercoaster of cancer treatment is unlike anything else I've dealt with.  For my hubby having a treatment plan was relieving even though the actual steps of the plan are tough.  So glad that you are able to get the care you need swiftly to kick this cancer in the a$$!
❤️🙏☀️
Love & strength to you both. ❤️ You got this Bec.
haven't stopped thinking about you guys💗 fight like a girl Bec!! we love you!!
Que tristeza me da !!!  Viking 🪔🪔🪔💪💪💪
<3 Don't know what so say. So I just send some love <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
Oh no hopefully better soon can get try it l have Covid-19 at the moment.
Love and hugs to you Bec, and Eamon ♥️🤗
Sending so much positive healing energy and love your way .
Been watching your recent journey. Having been there myself - mastectomy 8 does of chemo and 25 doses of radiotherapy. You can do this. Take each day as it comes. Sleep through the bad although I was also on steroids and they so kept me awake. Im going to be brutally honest and say that my third and fourth chemo were the worst but again one day at a time. You are such a strong beautiful young lady. Sending hugs from UK xx
#BecStrong Bec, get some crystallized ginger for nausea! IT'S FAR BETTER THAN ZOFRAN OR PHENERGAN & IT'S ALL NATURAL & WORKS IMMEDIATELY! Praying for you daily. 💞
I’m a grandmother from Windsor and if I could make this my journey and not yours I would.  Stay positive and strong and you will beat this.   Sending love and prayers to you and Eamon and your families. 🎈
Sending SO much love to both of you! ❤ You´ll get through this Bec!❤ and Eamon > It warms my heart every time to see what a person and partner you are to Bec. You´re both incredible!! Love, love, love!
Lady B., I awoke today and you were in my mind during my morning prayers.  I always watch you guys after my lunch if available.  I know God has you, this is only an experience that will solidify your strength for what God has plan for your bright future.  I prayed strongly for Master E.  Guys deal differently than us.  But I see he is exceptionally supportive, human of course.  Master E you’re rocking it and when can not it is understandable and give yourself grace but being there that’s is the rock  she always needs.  Lady B, you’re solid and snd brave.  Remember God does not give something you can not handle.  I’m sending healing prayers, light and remind you God loves you.  You will overcome-I already see it.  This  training for the amazing things to come for both.  We can not always choose the journey but if we choose love, faith and surrender -the journey becomes an experience not a force to brake you.  Peace , light and love my sis.  I made a promise to God I will cut all my hair as my support for your healing. I will love it!
I’m so glad to see this update.  My prayers are with you guys every day.   Sending you lots of healing energy your way. 🤗🌺
Love the positive energy, not sure if you get a chance to read this but I think you guys are are amazing and your love for each other comes  through your videos, I am sending lots of prayers and love your way and I know you are going to beat this & come back better and stronger !!!! Love you guys ❤
You are so brave and looking at this cancer like a champ sending you love hugs positivity every single day! XO
Thank you for sharing your story.  Share it the way you want.  We appreciate every minutes you could share.  There will be times that you will need your privacy.  DO NOT FELL GUILTY.    You are the most important person at the moment and please, take care of yourself in this journey.  It will be over soon.  I promise.
God bless you both xxxxxx
Just wanna say I am sorry this happens to anyone in the world but I am going through this cancer journey with my 17 yr old son and it is just all too close at the moment to  be a part of yours too. You guys are great and I wish you all the best...
Eamon & Bec the most loving couple  we are right here with you sending all the love support  and positive energy you can do it !!!!!
In a world full of confusion and chaos.... your  video brings love light joy honesty....yes I watched  cried  laughed and felt so much....cancer has been ever present in my life (family members on both side). I feel this journey being shared will help so many and am so grateful to you both...life isn't always easy but I guess it is what we make of it...so glad you guys are living your best life together as a beautiful team/partnership I wish you the strength to continue your journey of liquid sunshine and to a beautiful healthy you...stay positive strong and know you're loved (both of you/heck Oso too 🥰)
My wife got Breast cancer she had both breasts removed but refused Chemo and her Faith in God and eating right over came the cancer  she got it in 2013 and died from covid19 on 30 Aug 2021 she fought so bravely I know she is with Jesus  I miss her Please stay strong and keep your eyes on God  he is your best Hope . Lots of Love
So brave 💛 You and Eamon are loving and serving each other so well! Beautiful to watch you two and see you be so kind to yourself and each other! So so so glad you have Oso in this season 💛💛!!! Praying for healing and strength and peace for you both every day!
Did you know there is an old Disney show called special agent Oso who is a bear. Your dog name reminded me of this,!
So I've been holding my emotions from the day i got to know about all of this Bec is struggling with physically and more so emotionally....  I watch the vlogs and continuously going through a roller coaster ride emotionally.... It breaks me to see Bec holding herself and Eamon kind of not so Eamon I've been watching for 2 years.... It breaks me from inside but at the same me gives me a great sense of strength to know what it takes to love someone so purely and to that extent... What it takes to love your family and what it feels like when something such tragic or unfortunate thing you have to deal with...   I just can't write what i go through watching your vlogs eversince you shared this thing on Vlogs... But praying for your super speedy recovery Beautiful Bec. I know you're way too strong and Brave for things like these. You'll be all good and fine. Praying for you from all my Hindu Gods and Every superpower we believe in here in India.   Sending wishes and love to Eamon too... You're such a great source of Inspiration and an example of What a Man should be like Eamon. Respect Respect & Respect for you Buddy. Sending you a Warm & Tight Hug Buddy. ❤️😊
Sending so much positivity your way. You've got this Bec and Eamon. Love you guys and your community you've built.
I pray for you, we are waiting for your good news, love.
We've been praying for both of you 💚 I truly believe your body will heal and you will come through this. Sending you both so much love , hope and peace
I think about you guys every day and have been praying for you. Hang in there.
Big hugs both of you. ‘Remember the red wee and injections! Well done for managing a walk but any movement good, gentle stretching if feeling up to it. Eat what you feel like really. Rest is best, never feel guilty 🥰😘😘🌺🌺xxx
I think about you almost everyday and Im praying and  know you will get through this. Both of you are so strong and i wish nothing but the best for you guys on this journey. It may be tough but you guys are also very tough♥♥we love you
Didn't expect to tear up watching this, but here we are. You're both so inspiring. Bec, I have no doubt you're going to kick this thing's a$$.
Love the hair cut, super cute. I remember when my friend was going through treatment she said she didn't want to be a cancer survivor, she wanted to be a person who had had cancer. It wasn't all she was. So I determined to do , say and act the same and if she wanted to talk about it I would follow her lead. Just like anything else she had gone through . There were so many funny moments in her journey and we still laugh at them. Find the humour in the most horrible thing and you will prevail. IE: When my friend was telling me about how it felt when her hair started growing back she mentioned she had found one tiny hair sticking out of her head. As the days passed that one hair sort of took on its own life and charger. Because she was an artist I suggested she visualize one strand hair styles. We came up with some seriously  funny hairstyles. But the one she remembers with a smile on her face is when I suggested she protect it in a straw and put little bows on different straws. . Colour coorindinate the bows to her mood. She didn't actually do it but it brought such a smile to her and a giggle when she visualized it. Another funny moment was when she was going through reconstruction  and mentioned all she wanted was her new nipples. As it was xmas I started singing all I want for xmas is my new nipples. We both started laughing hysterically while everyone around us thought we were crazy. We have the same sense of humour so it was funny to us. The point I guess is you will find what works for you. It doesn't have to be what everyone else does. It just has to be what makes it easier and true to who you are. Cancer will always be a part of the journey but it isn't THE journey. It isn't all you are, you are so much more. You have a great partner and there will be days where you will need to be there for him as well. Be you and be happy.
I love you oso very much 🐶
You have no idea how much this vlog series you’re doing will help others who end up going through the same journey.  It’s the not knowing, and fearing, what’s ahead that really gets to you.  I had to go through about 6 months of pausing life to get through a medical thing.  I went online and found peoples’ diaries of their similar journeys, and it helped SO much. It can help with feeling like there’s a fairly predictable beginning, middle, and END.  Stuff like your toilet picture of the red pee will take away the shock value when someone else sees the same thing.  Everything you can share will help someone else feel more comfortable and confident and patient.  This is an excellent thing you’re doing.
I am in awe of you both. I know some of what Bec is going through and while I am crying watching this, you are such an inspiration Bec. Thank you ❤️ I am sending all the love, light and positivity I have your way. ☀️
I love you both. I've been watching you both for what are the last couple years. It's been nice watching your journey. Just know my prayers are with you both ❤️🙏
🙏🙏 for healing…
You are a warrior!!!!
Hugs from Brantford  Ontario
Joe Tippens
be strong Bec, your in good hands with Kingston General, they fixed my fathers heart. 1st class people
You two are amazing human beings and I hope you realize just how many lives you've touched by sharing your journey with the world. I'm grateful that you two exist and contribute to this space with your wonderful energy. We're all here for you, thinking of you and sending you so much love and good vibrations  <3
It’s always difficult to accept those unknown moments of life when we don’t have answers. Doing all we can do to stay healthy is crucial but the reality is that life has its limits because all of us will get older and more than likely get sick. Life without hope is empty because no matter what we do our bodies are mortal. Thus Jesus came to earth to give us hope beyond our human condition, he is the answer to human suffering and death. This truth may be hard to accept that Jesus is hope but think for moment, we’re do you find your hope, doctors are limited, yes they do their best but in the end of the day, we only have a God who loves us. May the Lord bring healing to your life.
Eamon & Bec = strength and courage.  As someone who sits and watches videos and sometimes comments, I wish I had the words to express how I feel while watching this journey you two  are on.  All I can say is I’m grateful for the strength you have to share this time in your lives…. I know there are many people that are given strength who may be in a similar situation  from your story and for those lucky enough not to be going thru a time like this learn to appreciate every day life and not take anything for granted.  Prayers heading your way….
I was watching you since you came to my country Morocco, I like your vlogs, I hope you get well soon, don't worry and stay strong. 🙏🏻
“ “You can do this”
Stay strong m, both of you. Sending my love.
YOU'RE DOING GREAT !!!
Thumbs up beautiful Rebeca Maroni , My beautiful bride and I watch you both all the time love the addition of your sweet Dog, like to see Emons dad a tad more seems like a good guy like his son.
You both are in my thoughts and prayers.
God Bless you both during this path of healing!!🙏❤️🙏
Your love for eachother is so inspiring!  I am so happy that you are fostering "bear", he made me smile the whole video despite the tears. This was an extra emotional video for me because I am anxiously awaiting information regarding a family member who had to take a tissue sample last week due to breast cancer suspicions. I pray that it won't be cancer, but if so, I know we will get through it, as will you! Keeping you in my thoughts and prayers. 💛
Sending you my prayers, you are an inspiration!
"Liquid sunshine" is such a positive name. I am praying for your speedy recovery. Be brave, our wishes, love and prayers are with you both.
I'm sure it's totally normal to go through massive ups and downs both physically and mentally. Those people who sail through it are few and far between, if they exist at all.
You Are so strong! Keep it up both of you 😍 Hugs and warm toughts form Norway🥰
Love you so much Bec! You are one of the strongest women ive ever encountered in my life. You can and will do this! Just remember to give yourself the grace to feel What ever needs to be felt. This community you have both built is praying and sending all the positive energy in the world! You are beautiful and strong and will come thru the other side! Oh and i love Oso so much what an AMAZING boy he is! Eamon is pretty good too 😉😉
Oh Bec. You are so loved. Also, I got a diagnosis in 2012 of a autoimmune disease and had similar lifestyle to you... and then I read 'When the Body Says No' by Gabor Mate. I recommend you consider reading this book. It might help with providing some ideas about some of the whys.... And Gabor is a highly respected westcoast canada physician.
🙏 ❤️ 🌹🌺🌹
Inspiring
Loads of love to you both -you are both such amazingly strong individuals. ❤
I'm so thankful you have the cabin now as a safe haven during this time!
Sending love, good energy, and healing!!!
Have you checked out Dylan and Delia Chatwin and their YouTube? Precious couple documenting their journey. She is 28, finished her chemo recently and just went through her mastectomy surgery and explained a lot on skin and nipple sparing surgery for future reconstruction surgery. It might be a really wonderful encouragement for you to watch them as you are going through the same thing. She is just slight ahead of your journey. 🙏🏼 Prayers and love from Las Vegas 😘
You guys. 🤍 No words can ever express appreciation for the time you take to share your human experience. Thank you for being such a bright light in this world. Thank you for demonstrating what unconditional, supportive and real love looks like to all that you reach. From one Bec to another, keep persisting and stay strong. It feels strange and wonderful to say to a stranger…Your heart, mind and soul are loved for the incredible human you are. Sending all of the good, happy and healing vibes. ✌🏻🤍
Thank you for sharing this experience. All the best to both of you through this
Sending you both so much love and positive energy. Bec, you’re a warrior… You got this. ❤️❤️❤️
may I suggest Louise Hay's books, meditations, affirmations, etc., you can find the audio on YouTube. Also, QiGong is very helpful. so glad you guys have a wonderful support system. Love and Reiki ❤
I’ve been trying to find this answer my entire life when I watched my mom take her last breath she was only 32 years old of breast cancer I was 11 so since I was 14 I’ve eaten all organic lead a healthy lifestyle and the only thing I can come up with is oral contraception, were you ever on birth? I think this is very detrimental to the female body for many reasons. I’m just wondering if you could skip the chemo and just do surgery and radiation? The reason I ask this is because the chemo kills the good and the bad why not cut it out and then do radiation to follow up?
Bec, you are so lucky and blessed to have Eamon and all your family to help you through this. 🙏🏽 blessings, strength and healing to you sweetie!!! ❤️👊🏽✌🏽
Hi Bec::  You are in my prayers!  I haven't watched in a while, so this is a shock to me.  I've watched you and Eamon for so long, and see how you live a very healthy lifestyle.... so this is baffling to me.  Stay strong, you know so many of your subscribers are sending you love and light and praying!  <3 <3
💕❤️💕💝💕❤️💕🥰💝🥰💕❤️💕🥰💝💕❤️💕💝
My mom was diagnostic with breast cancer 10 years ago; she has a mastectomy  and reconstruction. She take time to stop everything  rest and take care herself. She get positive people around the most possible. Now she looks amazing , she is fine , thank God, God is faithful,  she take refuge in God and his promises.  She  change her way to eat more healthy  and take care her, she can't  carries nothing heavy, she make a course of cooking, sewing, assistent teacher,, she is voluntary in church sometimes, she travel went she Can. She is unstoppable.  But one thing that I see her doing first  every morning is praying and reading the Bible, to give to God her worries  and recibe peace and wisdom to continue this journey  every day. We  love you guys,  you doing great hanging in there, everything is going to be alright. ❤🙏👍 you are amazing people, something good is coming through this, a great  Miracles.
you guys stay strong, Life can be so unfair. Some suffer, some never encounter difficulties. It's so hard to understand why. I suppose how we navigate it is important.  Thanks again for sharing this part of your journey.
This has become my weekly cry with Bec and shine with Bec. I didn’t know I could love you two more but I do. Eamon & Bec, you have allll of my support and all the best vibes coming your way. Keep going! 🎈💛
I absolutely love and look up to you two. Your positive vibes and thinking. The way you see life. It is truly inspiring. Sending more positivity and thoughts your way! You are strong. You are resilient. You are loved.
Sending you both so much love❤️❤️
You two. What an amazing partnership as you move through this journey. I am inspired by your bravery, and I know you are going to come through this healed. Sending you much love and powerful thoughts of healing. Thank you for blessing all of us by sharing yourselves. ❤️
Sending you lots of positive thoughts and energy, you are so brave for sharing this journey with us and WHEN you’re all finished and healed you will look back on these videos as a gift to yourselves and see what we all see, a beautiful and amazing journey. stay strong you two 💕
Thinking of you every day...
Praying for u. Just remember God.has you in his hands..Luv u😘
Following your journey and wishing you much peace and love 💕 please look in to Breast Implant Illness before you make decisions regarding reconstructive surgery, so you are fully informed!! If you have any questions on that, I can help as I am a survivor of that. You’ve got this 💝💝All my love
I am currently in remission and highly recommend the book The Undying by Anne Boyer. It’s by a poet who went through breast cancer and her beautiful way of expressing all the thoughts and feelings surrounding this shit is sooooo validating and comforting. ♥️
Bec u are so so strong u are doing amazing!! Keep strong and keep fighting ❤️ Eamon u are amazing support and bec is so lucky to have u
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤ For you both
Jesus is the only way truth and life 🙏
You are so strong Bec!!! Are you guys keeping Oso?? He’s so cute and you three make the cutest fam!!!
Love you Bec <3 you are SO strong, keep up the great mindset
What can I say except that humour destroys The Big C. I am an Anal cancer survivor of 14 years. Every day that I went for radiation we had a new butt joke! I am wrapping you in purple healing rays of light. And wrapping  Eamon in loving red rays light.
I love you. I’m praying. You are braver, by far, than you know.
Gosh Bec, you are a strong warrior. Eamon you are a damn hero. The two of you are the definition of strength.  Weak days don't mean you're weak. Weak days show you're human ❤ you are so so so strong.
Oh my heart I love you all so much ❤️❤️
😎👍🙏
💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💪💪💪💪💪💪💪🌹
It’s so wonderful you built your beautiful home last year. If you were living in your van or couch surfing now, it’d be crazy.
❤
Your so brave Bex. Keep your spirits up and relax and Eamon your a rock ❤
It makes me sad that Eamon can not be by your side when you get the “lucky sunshine”. A friend of mine is currently going through breast cancer and I feel so lucky that I can support her together with my friends. To take her to her appointment and sit with her when she gets her “lucky sunshine”. Especially when her father is also going also true cancer treatment at the same time.  Stay strong together and thank you for sharing your story.
Sending love, hugs and prayers for you both!
Sea sickness bands (about $10 in any pharmacy; comes in different colours) can help with the nausea too. You have more control and it is not a med. More importantly whatever works for you. The Hair cut look great. Like it is really fun.
Thank you for sharing your journey.  You both are amazing!  The rest of us are with you!
You’re so strong Bec and I’m so proud of you for going through this with such an open mind.
always waiting for the next video...thanks for sharing all of those tribulations with us...love to you both
Apricot Juice! Pomegranate Juice! Vitamin B12! Tumeric Gummies!
You’re doing it!  Even though it’s hard, you’re on the path. Love to you.
Hey guys🥰. I’m in oncology nurse and in case you have not been told yet Bec’s s biggest risk during chemo is infection.  So please no more puppy kisses!  The indoor plants can also be a potential problem for you if you’re immune system is weakened.  You and Eamon have got this!  🙏🏻🍀☺️
Sending all my love and prayers to you Bec, keep strong, x
⚘⚘⚘😊🥇
Ok I pulled over to write a little note. Your reactions were spot on to my own when I was diagnosed with leukemia. I thought I had done something wrong and that’s why I got it but as my dad says: “that’s the cards you were dealt!” And you can handle this. I also had the red devil but my pee was orange but it made me feel awful but it wasn’t the worst out of all the different chemos I had. I did treatment for 3 years and even became bedridden but I’m still going! I’ll tell you 2 things that helped me that may help you. 1. It’s ok to not eat during chemo. I found that fasting during and after was better and recovered faster. 2. Watermelon slushee. Just ice and cut up watermelon. It help sooth my stomach sooo much. Hope this encourages you some! You can do it!! ❤️
Video idea dedicate a whole video to Oso and his puppy dogness.
Thank you for sharing...💙💙🙏🏿🙏🏿🌞🌞
Can we get that savory pancake recipe though? Sending love and light 💗🌞
My husband had cancer in the 80s, at the age of 41. One of the most important things we found out to be important besides being  positive,  was having a lot of laughter in and around you. Laughter is a healing process,  to keep the positivity flowing. Many movies,  joking around with each other (very difficult at times, had to work at it), our children would put on little plays for their father. It's 30 plus years that my husband left us, watching Bec, going through this process,  is very emotional for me.  So,  I going to send positive energy for her.  Part of me would like to start a prayer group with their followers,  where we set a time for each of us, pray for the healing power of the Holy Spirit.  If a prayer time has been set, please let us know.
Just an old man fan, Bec, but I love you. Stay strong.
I know Bec is getting all the love and support, however I wish I could give Eamon a big bear hug. I know this is really difficult because there is only so much he can do. Sending both of you good vibes, healing, and wishes as you guys go through this chapter of your relationship.
Sending healing vibes Bec. You are so strong. 💕
So much love and respect for you both. Truly you deserve each and every support and love you’re getting from this amazing community you surrounded yourself with… i was a random person fan of Kara & Nate (and still) but now guess what! I’m onboard with you on your journey. My prayer is always going to you Bec and you will be very well soon ❤️. Eamon you’re a great man bless you too brother
Despite the hard subject matter, you made a video about love and courage and healing. You two are absolute gems. Sending love.
I love and admire you both so much, you are going for it and allowing all the emotions to come through. Just remember, when you feel the worst, the medicine is doing it's dance with the uninvited guest. It certainly sucks, but things are happening... Keep feeling the wind under your wings. Mmhhh, Eamon hugs must be the best. Thank you for being Becs mountain while taking care of your own emotions.
Sending love xxxx
I never comment. I am a subscriber, have been for 2 years or so. I am a middle-aged Brit (not your usual demographic, I presume) back from 25 years living in South Africa, moved to live in France with my Afrikaans wife. We spend 50% of our lives on the road in our old motorhome working (riding motorbikes, not really working!) around Europe, travelling from park-up to aire to wild camping spot with our two dogs. I tuned into your stories because they struck a chord with my/our own travel/work lives. I am a journalist but I have no words to describe the amazing job you are doing telling your story.  My wife and I would like to send our love, our positive vibes (we're a different generation) and like a million more we believe everything is going to turn out for the best. Digital hugs coming your way from Europe – Spain at the moment. Hang in there kiddos, you've got this thing licked.
Bec and Eamon,  as with so many others expressing love, admiration, prayers, hopes, encouragement, gratitude- I too want to thank you for your honesty, and sharing this very real journey in your life. You are an inspiration in SO many ways. You are in my thoughts every day. Collectively, with all the people who care so much about you, the loving energy directed your way will be surrounding you through the ups and downs and in betweens!  Love you both! ❤️
❤️🤗❤️🤗❤️🤗❤️🤗
❤️
Bec, Regardless of what or who you believe in, how crazy is it that Covid stopped you from traveling and brought you home, had you purchase and renovate this beautiful space for you to be comfortable and rest in while you go through this journey with the people you love so close to care for and support you. Sending you and Eamon the biggest of hugs and prayers for peace and healing. Love you guys so much!!!
I admire you, you are so brave and beautiful 😊
I love you! I pray God's blessings on you. Y'all are so brave
If you need to post blank videos to keep it calm, I’m sure we will keep watching to keep your channel running. Ánimo y mucha fuerza desde España.
Get a grip of yourself.  And start doing ice baths. The stress and anxiety is no good, be calm.  Cancer lives from stress and anxiety because the body is not calm but disturbed. Do Wim Hof breathing exercises while grounding or ice baths. You will notice a difference if you do it everyday.  Cancer does not live in extreme cold of extreme heat. Ginger or other root herbal plants will help with the nausea. :) Take care all the best. :)
We haven’t stopped thinking about you guys.. not for a single day. Like an annoying mother who wants to check in with their kids 24/7 but resists the urge haha. Love you both ❤️🌻 so proud of you guys.
Watched my mom go through cancer 3 time, chemo and radiation countless times. Bec, if I could give you the warmest hug I would. Eamon, you deserve all the good things for being an incredible support. Sending love ❤️
A beautiful video loving the new name you have called it ... makes it seem less daughting ... absolutely love Eamon u are such a beautiful soul keep strong 💪 u are doing so good been the support for Bec loving the new hair cut u look beautiful no matter keep smiling and laughing .... sleep n rest your body will heal 🙏🙏🙏🦋💖💖💖💖💖 ... so happy u had all the house renovated get the fire burning and enjoy they beautiful views you have love you guys 💗💗💗💗
Sending you both the most positive vibrations i possibly can. both of you are so strong and beautiful together ❤
Thank you for sharing your journey! Hope that today is a good day for you Bec and you are feeling well! Love the hair
YOU are deceived. You need JESUS!! With him only DEATH lies ahead for you!! #REPENT.
Bec, be strong… is not going to be easy…you have many people that loves you… I keep praying that you get well soon and fights this illness that puts many people so so down. Don’t give up. 🙏
Eamon & Bec, sending sooo much love and positive healing vibes your way. You are amazing, I think you are so brave Bec, and I think by documenting your journey, you will be helping so many people. Your videos make me laugh, and cry, but most of all they make me look at my own life and realise how blessed I am, i think sometimes we can forget what is really important and worry so much about the little things, which at the end of the day don't really matter but we can get fixed on them anyway. Eamon - you are an amazing young man and a wonderful partner for our lovely Bec. Remember to look after yourself too, Bec needs you. Keep up all them lovely snuggles Bear - they mean more than you know big guy. Bec you are rocking it baby - love you guys !!!
I live in the states and I was wondering if you can go over what your healthcare system in Canada covers in your care plan. I’ve had Fibromyalgia and early onset osteoarthritis for 20 years now and I’m proactive in trying to get a better healthcare system here and it’s helpful to understand what actual cost vs care is like in other countries. We have added you to our prayers and we are sending only positive thoughts and energy your way…gentle hugs.
Hi Bec. I am very sorry to learn of your diagnosis. I am wishing you all the best your recovery.   I also follow another tv couple, where there has been a diagnosis of cancer & thought that you both might be of support to one another. The YouTube RV channel is Does Size Matter - Kory and Denise.
Love you both so much❤️
Prayers and healing blessings to you both!
God bless you two! All love and good vibes. ❤️
Sending you both all the love and thanks I can. You are awesome for sharing your journey with us. I am a survivor and done it alone so if I can do it, you can too Bec’s and with Eamons love you will be stronger than ever. 👍🌹❤️💕
We love you guys!
Im no doctor but keep this in mind. Soy has a lot of estrogen and as a vegan you may be consuming way too much estrogen. Especially because a woman your age already has a lot of estrogen. Also might be a coincidence but breast cancer is estrogen based from what I hear. Again I’m no doctor and maybe you already knew this. Just thought I would share
Always remember health-care is a business check out this horror show,  not all of .happy moments and ending   https://youtu.be/ZIaB_r26MMY
Hi Bec and Eamon. It's so frustrating when we try to do everything possible to be healthy and then our body betrays us and it's so freaking frustrating. I had a hair follicle in the back of my neck mutate and turned into cancer. Especially when you just went to the doctor to have a cyst removed that came back positive for cancer. I was lucky that I didn't have to have chemotherapy. Just a surgery. Bec, you have so many people thinking about you and Eamon and praying for you. You both have such a positive attitude about everything but remember, it's okay to be human with all the emotions you need. You are going to be okay. Its just going to take time and all that stuff in the middle. Lots of prayers, hugs and positive thoughts. Love you guys..❤😍 And Eamon, I know it kills you not being able to be with her during the treatments so you can at least hold her hand but remember, she will need you more afterwards each time.  So you are helping her and supporting her in the most important way possible.
Literally sobbing watching this. I genuinely feel my friend going through so much pain and yet GRATITUDE. We are very like minded Bec! So much happiness even in the sad and dread. We really try to just love and care constantly. And Eamon you are so incredibly strong! Big pharma sucks but there are amazing nurses and doctors who will truly want to help Bec. 💕 Go liquid sunshine ☀️
Thank you guys for sharing this journey, I send you love and positivity 🥰
In the spirit of your opening statements..   please consider stoping soy products.  There are many studies showing that it is an estrogen mimic when it’s processed in the body.  It can be the thing feeding this type of cancer.   Please look into this!!  Sending love and healing prayers
Hi guys! I heard you say you don't understand what's "filling the bucket." I am currently healing from mold toxicity and before my diagnosis I felt the same way. I ate healthy, I did everything I possibly could to feel well and I was still sick. I am linking an article that explains how some mold toxins cause breast cancer. I have no idea if this is part of your journey - but it is one of those things that western medical doctors never look into. It took me 20 years to get my diagnosis and after doing all the right things I feel like I have a whole new life!! The best test you can do is Real Time Labs. Make sure to take liposomal glutathione before testing because when I took my first test it was completely negative for any toxins. That was because my body wasn't getting them out at all in my urine. When I took the liposomal glutathione and tested again I was highly positive for every toxin. Obviously PLEASE talk to a doctor before doing anything but I just wanted to put it out there that there are other toxins that we don't even think about that could be all around us. An old cabin would be the perfect breeding ground for mold. I wish you all the best on your journey regardless of causation, I deeply believe in your ability to heal and your body's innate wisdom. xoxoxoxo - Miranda
I someone with chronic illness I can confidently say that your health is not a reflection of how well you take care of yourself, sometimes we just get handed bad cards and learning to live and accept that is exceptionally difficult. I’m so proud of both of you for sticking together on this terrifying journey, definitely sending love and prayers ❤️
I know what it’s like to search for the reason why this happened. Please know it’s not your fault, you did nothing to bring this on.
I have been thinking about you Bec and how you are feeling! Thanks for the update and hopes for a softer healing week after your next bit of liquid sunshine!
💜💜💜
I am sending so much positivity and good vibes to you both ✨️  your energy is beautiful   bec and your a warrior who will get through this and come out stronger than ever 💛 Also much love to eamon who is a pillar of strength 🙏
My sister is going through this as well with breast cancer diagnosed in December. Luckily we caught it when it was small because it was aggressive. I’m glad I have her around still. And want her around more for the future. ❤️❤️❤️
We are all here in support of you and Eamon and even thought the light at the end of the tunnel seems so far away, it is there waiting for you both at the end of all this. Hold on to each other physically and spiritually.We all love you so much and wish we could make the bad all go away. Looking forward to your next episode. God bless.
❤️ Love you guys
Praying for you both! If you'd like a good book to read while doing your treatments, The Case For Christ by Lee Strobel is amazing:)
sending positivity only!!!!!
Keep your heads up ❤️ There will always be sunshine after the storm.
Has spray foam in a van been mentioned as a possible cause?
did you have your wisdom teeth removed and have you had a thermo scan?
So nice to see an update from you.  Thanks for letting us go along on your journey.  LOVE YOU FOR THIS !!
You are so lucky to live in Canada. My boss cleared a big storage/closet space and set it up with a really comfy couch/bed, he made it cute so my coworker could go lay down as much as she needed because she had to keep working while undergoing chemotherapy so she could keep her health care insurance.
I have no doubts you’ll win this battle, Bec! And Eamon! Sending lots of positive vibes and hugs your way! 🤗🤗🤗 One for Bear too, he appeared in your life when you needed him the most.
Sending love and positivity!! 💛
Bec! YOU ARE A ROCK STAR! So strong and amazing. With the granite that is Eamon beside you - YOU'VE GOT THIS! Sending all the love and support to both of you. Thank you for sharing this difficult journey.
Prayers and love for both of you on this journey. I sobbed as Eamon left you at the door for the first treatment. The love you share is palpable. ❤️
Ive been growing out my hair for 2 years now and my hair is so long only a foot from my butt I haven't colored it in 4 years I would be glad to cut my hair and send it to you its clean im a licensed hair stylist so ik how to take good care of my hair if you need hair I will chop all mine off for you i love your video they give me so much joy and positivity i love tou guys and i want to help if I can also my family owns a winery and I want to send u a bottle for when you beat this it will be okay i can feel it
Above my tears and prayers, I am so grateful for your sharing your heart and home along your sweet foster/therapy dog, Osso! I can tell from the comments that you are helping a lot of other people who are involved in dealing with new cancer diagnoses. It really is so hard for all who are affected . I'm grateful for the love you generate here. Thanks for the work you two put into these videos. The drone shots are a joy as well.
You will be fine, you are strong!
Every night I snuggle with my Eamon and Bec blanket I think of you Bec. I’m sending so much positive, loving, healing vibes. You *got* this. ♥️
❤❤❤
Your anthem should be f cancer by young thug
Thanks Bec and Eamon. I love that you are both warriors. I will continue to pray and send positive energy to both of you. 💜💜💜💜
I watch but never comment. You are one tough cookie and you will get through this with the loving support you have and from your positive outlook. Much love from Scotland x
honestly cried the whole time. Im so glad y’all are shedding light on this cancer journey. My mother had breast cancer at 20 from breastfeeding her child. It’s the toughest thing anyone should have to go through. My mother is 55 now and cancer free since her 20s and has had 4 kids. I’m praying and keeping hope that bec & eamon will get through this tough journey.
Thank you for sharing your journey both of you. Prayers continue. God IS good. ALL the time. I just know you are still just as a beautiful inside and out without your hair. A virtual hug.
❤️❤️❤️🌈🌼💕⚡️❤️❤️❤️
Stay strong eamon and bec was crying watching this wishing you guys all the best from Ireland. My dad is going through chemo at the moment it’s hard to watch a loved one go through tough times, just remain positive which I know you guys will. I’ll keep u in my prayers🙏. May the roof above you never fall in and those gathered beneath it never fall out . Stay safe guys
Wow this brings me back. I wish I could do this for you. We’re all here for you sending love and prayers. One positive thing from this is that it shows people that they should be mindful that even super healthy people can be bitten by that nasty cancer bug so go get checked if ANYTHING ever seems off. If you need anything whatsoever please let us know. We love you both ❤️🙏🏼❤️🙏🏼❤️🙏🏼
Bec and Eamon, thank you both for this update, you are in my thoughts every day. Bec you are simply amazing ❤️. Sending you both lots of love and positive thoughts xx
You are such a lovely couple; going through this rough time together. I pray you make it safely through to complete recovery.❤🙏
You're doing great, take care
You two are Amazing!!  You inspire me, to be stronger.  I love the you that you are. The both of you, individually and together. Always praying only, the best in life, finds you. Both.
A actual sunshine for the first liquid sunshine session is just like a sign from god overall ✨ while of course we are all here crying with you Bec, you have one of the most strongest support system anyone could ever have (including myself) 💕 , i wake up every sunday just thinking about the positive beautiful messages to write to you and give you the hope and energy that you need. But for the fun part lets all imagine how beautiful Bec will look with all these wigs she will create, a literal sunshine 🌞 💕 i cant wait !!! Anyways to anyone on here Who’s also fighting this battle just remember your not alone, you’ve got a purpose and your serving while learning, we all pray and appreciate EVERY SINGLE SECOND OUR BRAIN AND HEARTS HAVE TO OFFER, with or without cancer WE ARE ALL IN THIS TOGETHER, EVERYONE WILL BE GREAT, and i will hope everyone the best as well for Bec. I love you guys 💕 continue being great 😊 See you sunday! Prayers 🙏🏼
You can eat meat to feel better if you wanted.
You have both been on my mind constantly. Always sending you both good vibes. I feel like bear is such a blessing at this time in your lives. I hope he stays with you guys forever 🥺💕 he can totally see when Bec is struggling and wants to comfort her. Love you guys and hoping round 2 is easier or at least not harder.
You two should get the book by TD Jakes “Crushing”. You and Eamon should start praying on your knees together. I always tell people that you see the sun, moon and stars and you know that man didn’t create it. So y’all should pray and asked the One that created the sun, moon and stars what it is that He wants you to believe in. God is a very pleasant help in times of trouble. Just try it! You really have nothing to lose by trying God, His Word (that heals) and His Holy Spirit. Spirit of the one true God, please give Eamon and Beck an experience with You. Please God guide them in this ordeal and let them see that You are God alone. And there’s nothing too hard for You! In Jesus name. Amen!
dat smile keep it going.... my prayer is wit u guys do take care
You’re doing great! Hugs
You are an amazing couple and hope all goes well for you ,of from the UK.
Lots of love and healing for you both!!!!! 💕
Keeping you lifted up in prayer. Thank you for sharing your journey
🙏 i like your positive attidude you got this
Sending all of the good intentions and happy thought your way.  You've got this bec
I wasn’t going to watch because cancer is a very triggering topic for me, but giving you another view and like is all I can do so I’m going to do my best to keep watching.
I spotted a familiar product in the background...La Roche. The Lipikar balm helped keep my skin moisturized while I had chemo treatment. Many days I felt like my skin was shedding no-stop. That product helped a lot. DAILY, DAILY application. Much love
If they give you preventative antinausea meds - take them. Dont wait until you get nauseaus before treating it! Much love to you!
Love and prayers to you both. Stay strong sweet Becca. ❤️🙏
Bec this might not mean much from someone you don’t know but I’m so proud of you and how your handling this. Eamon I also wanted you to know that your not alone and being the significant other of someone going through cancer is a journey. I remember when we found out my boyfriend’s cancer had relapse and the next thing I know he’s in hospital and I wouldn’t be able to see him for a while. It took me a while to learn how to deal with my own emotions about everything and I don’t want to say it gets “easier” in a way but you learn to manage everything better as time goes on. A little tip that might help (or not) but with my boyfriend he liked a cold wet rag on his neck or face when he was feeling sick and if Bec likes those too I’d recommend putting one in the fridge because they end up staying colder for longer and you can always prep them the day before she has chemo. Either way I hope the second round is better for you both. Sending lots of love!!!!!
I have a feeling ozo might have found his forever home already 🖤
I had a double mastectomy in December, you can do this!!
If God brings you to it... he will bring you through it. I know you are searching for answers as to why or how this is happening to you. Years ago, I developed many autoimmune issues and chronic pain disorders. Always wondered why me. In 2014 my daughter was exposed to pesticide poisoning and developed heavy metal toxicity. Which led to chronic pain and illness.. Years of doctors, meds, treatments led her to management and healing. But who best to heal her heart, mind and emotions but me! I knew then the answer to my how and why personally. I could help my child on a relatable basis. My lesson was a blessing in the end. My resilience turned into my fight for my daughter's life. You too will find your understanding. Your voice and social media platform will change lives and heal others. Keep the faith. Prayers, light and love! Mary Drew
You are both so loved!❤️ You can do this, together you are strong 💪🏼 We are here for you all the way!
Sending you a lot and love and support.
Praying for you both! 🙏💪🏼Complete healing and strength vibes to you both💐😘
Such a strong way of going through the unknown! I never experienced cancer before and I can't even imagine, what is going on offscreen. But you're BOTH amazing and doing a wonderful job. The idea with the wig from  your own hair is really brilliant and is going to help you so much on your way to prevent curious gazing and so on. I really wish I'd be closer to be able to be there for you. Love from Germany.
Since I saw you in the book store I would like to recommend “Chris Beat Cancer” by Chris Wark. He even has a daily meditation book out now too. I’ve been fighting ovarian cancer over three years now. I will say this - I feel like my nurses and everyone at the hospital now are like my family and I love them like family. I feel that’s how you will start to feel about your chemo experience. Also, my son calls chemotherapy ”God’s medicine, “ which I really love. ❤️🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
Wow Bec, you’re sooo amazing ! I’ve been following you guys for 4 years now and I’m all heart with you for this journey ❤️❤️❤️
Please don’t think that anything you did is the reason you have cancer. There is no magic food or exercise or anything that you can do. HOWEVER, being so healthy will make treatment and recovery so much easier for you. Your body is amazing, and you’ve had a lifetime of doing all the best things to become the strongest version of yourself. You’ve got this Bec 💪
im really happy you have sucha good support system, but i am so greatful for oso, dogs have been used for therapy for years now and you dont need a trained therapy dog to get therapy. my dog helps me so much with my depression and anxiety. i know oso is doing the same for you. someitmes you jus need doogy cuddles to make everything look better. i know eamon is doing so much too and you have such amazing support from your freinds and family as well.
I have been following you guys and your journey for a bit now, I don't really comment much but I just wanted to say that your videos are refreshing and I am wishing you guys all the positive vibes out there! You can do this Bec! I watched my mom kick Cancer's ass and you will be no different, I really believe that.
I appreciate you sharing your journey and how you are choosing to frame it. You are both Warriors!
I hope you two are having the best day. ❤ sending all the good energy!!
omg congrats on 1 million subs!!! not sure when u hit it but congrats you guys deserve it ☺️☺️
The short hair looks SO CUTE
Eamon is the best! He takes such good care of you. What a man! Hugs to you both!
I’ve seen this comment today on the internet: “maybe you’ve been assigned this mountain, to show others it can be climbed “ you can do this Queen ❤️
Will keep you all in prayer 🙏 🙏🙏🙏 God Has You In The Palm of His Hands. This is a Journey you will get through.keep The Faith ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Bec, I am so happy you have this beautiful sanctuary that you and Eamon have built over the last year. Thank you for sharing your story, it is so powerful and will help so many people who will unfortunately go through this as well. Your attitude around this diagnosis, your fight and the way your are tackling this terrible disease is commendable. Be proud. Fight hard. You are strong. You’ve got this. 💕
anyone else cry during these videos and feel like Bec is your best friend or sister going through this. Her strength and outlook is beyond amazing .
I am so astonished how positive and the outlook you have on all from the diagnosis. Finding the positive is such a great thing you can do. IM SO PROUD OF YOU BOTH!! you’re going to crush cancer🫂
Sending strength and lots of love❤❤❤❤
💗💗💗
Bec is my new hero
Wish you all the heath and love 🙏❤️❤️❤️
You are so brave, Bec. And I hope one day to find the kind of love you guys have for each other. Stay positive, but allow yourself the grace to be imperfect as well. Love, always love. Sending you good energy and prayers xxx P.S - Have you read "You can heal your body" by Louise Hay?
Been following you two for years.....I've watched you live impeccably and you are handling this in the same manner.....I'm blessed ...all my prayers have always been answered and I'm praying for you daily till your family is free.....I love you guys ...God bless
Gran vídeo pareja. Allah os cuide y te cure incha-allah.. ánimos
Praying for both of you.
You ve all my support and prayers. Think positive and all it ll go good. A big hug from Italy. andre
Sending you guys love and prayers through this journey. I have cried and laughed with you guys through these recent videos and you have all my love and support. Bec you are so lovely and so incredibly strong. Can't wait to celebrate with you guys on the other end of this thing. Keep kicking cancer's ass for now, you got this! xo
I know you’re in uncharted territory regarding how much to share, and I thank you for your bravery.
It’s really hard to watch you and Eamon going through this, but the way you are documenting this difficult time I imagine will support so many others going through a similar experience, now and in the future. You truly are inspirational Bec, and what a wonderful other half you have supporting you every step of the way. Sending you both lots of love from the UK ✨✨
Thank you for sharing your story with us! Your courage is beautiful! xoxox❤❤❤
I wept as I watched this video.  The grace and dignity you are showing in this journey are powerful.  It is going to bring freedom for others fighting their own battle.  Thanks for sharing that "and also" of life because it can be wonderful and you can feel grateful and also it can suck and be hard.  And the way you are so honoring of Eamon and his feelings on this journey...wow!  Continued prayers for healing, moments of pure joy, and all the Oso kisses you can stand!
Sending tons of love and healing your way. Dogs are wonderful healers, especially for the heart and soul. So glad you have Eamond and Oso.
Bec please know you are not alone.  I am going thru the same thing but my issue is with my lungs.  I have days that I feel like I can’t catch my breath.  It’s such a scary feeling.  You are such a strong amazing young woman!  I agree with all the single ladies to find a man that can cook and enjoys it.  I married a man from Buffalo, NY and he is a fantastic cook.  Thank goodness!!   We live in South Louisiana and it’s so hard to go to Dr appts and treatments alone.  It’s hard on my husband as well.   Just know that I love you and when I need a reminder that brighter days are ahead, I just rewatch one of y’alls vlogs.  Stay strong my friend! You can-ser-vive!!! ❤️
I was drinking pickle juice and eating ketchup with a spoon during treatment (I normally don’t like ketchup). Chemo mouth + vinegar go together like peas and carrots. Lol
Bec you are a rockstar. Keep the positive attitude it will help to get you through the treatment process. You’re so lucky to have Eamon by your side. Lean on him when you need to. Together you will make it through this journey. Know that you both are in my thoughts and prayers. Stay strong. 🙏🏻🙏🏻
PLEASE READ THIS BOOK: by Shaman Durek, Spirit Hacking: Shamanic Keys to Reclaim Your Personal Power, Transform Yourself, and Light Up the World.  Ich schreibe jetzt in meiner Muttersprache Deutsch, ist leichter für mich:  Fokussiere dich nicht auf die Zukunft, tu so, als wäre dein Körper schon voll in der Heilung.  Jede freie Minute denke: ich liebe dich Körper, weil du so stark bist und gesund und bedanke dich bei ihm für seine Kraft. Denke nicht daran, den Krebs besiegen zu wollen, das impliziert Kampf, sonder denke NUR wie gesund du schon bist. Deine Gedanken und Worte bauen deine Zukunft!!!!! All the best and Bighugs.
Just wanted to let you know that I have been following you guys, and all your wonderful travels, and now I'm praying for you Bec and Emon, just letting you know that God is bigger than cancer, and you are on my prayer list. Love you guys.😘🥰💕🙏🙏
Bec you are SUNSHINE! Sending you strength and power and healing and love! You got this! 💪🏼
It's very comforting knowing you have the cabin 🙏💗...and buddy and doggo of course. Muuuuuuch love and only the very vest vibes from Germany ✨
I also thought I would tell you my favorite quote by Vivian Greene:" Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about learning to dance in the rain."❤❤❤
try buying a shot blocker, it’s supposed to help with pain from injections, just a little silicone device Eamon can use at injection site :) YOU GOT THIS BEC!!
Alas cancer doesn't care if we eat healthy or not :(.        Chemo is harsh it's man-made but it's a necessary evil.    After the first treatment you'll  know the routine and learn to pace yourself, listen to your body is all I can advise.   It's very emotional,  the fellow patients are so supportive.   Ask for anti sickness help, that's the worst part.     Best wishes , you can do this xxx Ps.  My Jack Russell buddy stayed by my side, such a blessing
I hope our positivity helps you guys as much as yours inspires us. You got this Bec 💪 peace and Love to you guys 🇬🇧
Gratitude is the key to happiness. It really changes everything. You're amazing.
Sending you lots of love during this time. I’m glad you have an amazing support system to help you through all of this. You are a fighter Bec 💜
💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪👏🏼👏🏼🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
Before anyone jumps on me.  I just want you to look into emerging research on BRACA and the covid vaccines.  Not sure your status (nor do I care either way) but you might look at a spike protein detox as it appears it takes (at least) 12-15 months to expel the protein and they are unsure how long it takes after it gets into the macrophages.  You can contact me and I can send you this info if you are interested once you get through your current regime.  The one thing I do know is carrots are excellent during chemo, I have a killer Moroccan humus recipe you are welcome too but I assume Eamon might have one already.  Prayers always, you guys be well.
i love you guys
❤️❤️❤️❤️
Bec you got this girl! Love you guys ❤
You can do it. I had lymph node cancer 8 years ago and i am still here🤗. Please keep Bear, he was meant to be with you and was sent to give you strength during this really hard time. My dog came to me, when i was still feeling horrible and he really saved me. The bonding between you three is really amazing. Sending Healing vibes to you.❤️
You are doing amazing sweetheart! Don't forget that the sun ALWAYS returns after a storm. If the cold doesn't bother you, make a point to step outside and breathe in that fresh clean air every day. Your most important job right now is allowing your body to fight for you. Listen to it, it will tell you what it needs.......sleep, food, etc. You may not realize how incredibly strong you are right now but I promise you, you will look back at this time of your life someday and you will see the warrior you truly are. You are a gift and an inspiration to so many. I'll be praying for you!💕💕💕
Watching Bear cheer you up is everything and more 🥺 What a joy to have him during this time!
Bec, the answer is ancestral diet. I’ve been saying this in my comments. Vegan diets are dangerous. Tofu is dangerous because of the estrogen mimicking. You said you wish someone would point you in the right direction. Please listen. I healed one of the most crazy cancers:  kidney cancer.. no chemotherapy, shifting lifestyles and sticking to and ancestral diet. please stop eating tofu and return to your roots. Read Nutrition and physical Degeneration by Weston A Price and shift. You got this. Toss all your chemical shampoos (shift to Under the Luna), toss all your chemical cleaners, clean your environment from chemicals.. shift into biodegradable cleaners.. pay attention to your lotions... most of them contain estrogen mimicking substances. I have tons of videos in my channel that could help you. Chemotherapy kills the good bacteria.. you need to eat TONS of sauerkraut and probiotics .. if you need any nutrition support, please shoot me a message. I healed with diet and emotional work. You can too.
Love you, so proud of you both!! And of course Oso ☺️
Best of luck from Morocco
Sending you love and light! I was diagnosed with a brain tumor Jan 2021. You just never know what someone is going through. I’m grateful that you are sharing your journey on this platform. So many don’t feel so alone. ❤️
Strength to you Bec ! 💪💪 You're the best and you will handle it ! You are not alone ♥️
😖😥🇲🇦🙏🙏🙏⛪🕋🕌🕍👉💪👉👌👉🤘💕💕💕
still sending vibes of strength and healing your way!
You two have it and I love seeing it!
Bec your doing amazing. Know that God is by your side. Continue praying for God's Healing Hand on on You. Love from Maryland
you are great i'm proud of you
Sending so much love and positive healing for you both 💜
Dr. Thomas Seyfreid, Boston Colllege cancer research director. I will say no more. You are adults and can follow up on your own,,,,,I pray you understand that cancer lives on 2 things,,,glucose and glutamine,,,,these both can be blocked,,,,,Be blessed and get well soon,,,,
My goodness Bec, you are so beautiful. Bangs, Short hair, everything looks amazing on you. Your beauty is both outward and deep into your soul.
🤗❣️
Thoughts and prayers for you both.
hey eamon and bec i want you to know that everyone here is here for you through this rough time we will stick with you guys through it all
I am truly grateful for your existence 🌻
So proud of both of you ❤️
Sending sooo much love to you both!!! One thing I’d like to suggest is Eamon doing videos on his experience …I understand why you would take that step back and allow this journey to be Bec’s as a partner…as you tuber and influencer I would think for a lot of partners supporting their loved one with cancer…an Eamon video journal might give them a voice and something to identify with as they too put their feelings aside and show up to cheer on and support their partner with cancer? That said we love you guys! And whatever you have the energy and interest in filming Bravo and  Brava for sharing. And of course so touching that your sharing.🌺
Wow, Bec and Eamon... not only an incredibly difficult journey, but such a stunning, thoughtful video. Also... I was just thinking what an amazing blessing it is that you guys worked so hard on this cabin and now get to have a retreat and safe space as a home base while going through this. Sending so much love and prayers. <3
🍎💋❤️
Sending You both all the love, light and positive&healing energy ❤️. Oso the healing dog is adorable.
Beautiful story telling.  Hugs to you, Eamon and Oso.  What a great decision you two made to foster Oso during your journey. See you next time.
Sending you love and healing energy Bec!
Sending so much love ❤️
Sending you healing vibes ❤️❤️ you're a strong woman beck.
Bec there is a great meditation for cancer healing by Belleruth Naparstek she also has a mp3 with affirmations as well. They both really helped me. I listen to it during my infusions.
You are beautiful! In and out!
LOVE you both! ❤️🙏
I cried watching this video. Take good care of yourself and each other. You seem like a lovely couple and I love your dog. I have a brother who is a cancer survivor. It was a bad cancer and we didn't think he would make it. It was all very frightening. That was many years ago and he is happy and healthy now and you you will be too!
Sending you both love and prayers from South Africa 🇿🇦
Prayers for you Bec, I have a friend that went through chemo and had a cocktail for the nausea. I’ll try to find it for you.
Bec, you have my empathy. I went through a horrible period of my life many years ago. I was eventually diagnosed with a form ( or strain ?) of a cancer similar to Hodgkins Disease. The Kemo Therapy treatments made me so ill and nauseous that I lost 97 lbs, going from 230lb down to 123lb. The worst part was the loss of my hair. It all fell out on the right side of my pillow one morning. Then came the radium cobalt therapy, a deep radiation treatment. I know that many improvements have been made in treatment with Kemo since I went through mine over 40 years ago. The best advice I can give is to keep focused on the future ahead, not the present. I know it's tough but, it is extremely important to keep focused on ridding the evil monster that is attacking your body and come out the winner. In the meantime, I am holding you in my prayers.
Awe Bec... I'm see you, I feel you. Was wondering what was happening. I think of you often, and lift you in prayer. Keep  on keeping on....
Bec, I had cancer when I was 16-17yrs old. It wasn’t breast cancer, I had bone cancer in my lower spine. I had just over a year of chemotherapy and also 6 weeks of radiation. The doctors told me I’ll never have children because of where my radiation treatment was, lower spine and near my reproductive system. I now have 2 kids that were my miracles. My oldest is almost 20 and my youngest is almost 18. I’ll be 40 this year. Think positive and know you WILL get through this and we all are praying and thinking of you and Eamon in this time!
I was diagnosed with  cancer and fluid around the heart on the same day. WHAT A SHOCKER THAT WAS!!!!   Keep the Faith.
Always praying for You Becka. 🙏💯❤️😘
Amazing. Love you guys. Xx
You two are so inspiring, incredibly talented, two beautiful human beings. I honestly don’t know what to say other then you will get through this. The way you two support each other is amazing to watch.
So glad you are doing well! I know it must be tough! I’m praying for your healing! My God bless you, Eamon and your families 😘
Your gratitude and light is inspiring! Holding you in constant prayer💛
When you're on a long journey focus on what's coming in the next week or two and enjoy every minute.  What's coming in a month, or two, or three will take care of itself.  That's the biggest lesson I learned when I hiked the Appalachian Trail, I always focused on getting to the goal for the day or the next town I could get supplies.  If I had focused on getting to the end the goal would have seemed impossible from the beginning.  Stay strong you can get through this!
Bec, you truly are amazing. You are helping countless people also facing this, or have a loved one facing this. For you, for Eamon, all the caregivers out there fighting the fight,  my heart is with you. ❤🧡💛💚💙💜
You have been on my mind and I’m grateful to see this video. Prayers for strength, love and blessings for s speedy recovery. I know this is hard for you but thank you for showing us your journey.
You look so good with short hair.  Xx
You know it is seriously "Canadian" cold when the snow sounds squeeky or like styrofoam. So glad it is nearing spring in Ontario. Sending healing thoughts.
You got this Bec!
All the feels…….you BOTH are so LOVED and supported by so many…..so many that you don’t know, so many that you have touched through this YT channel.  You both are such amazingly good humans.  Through your actions, your way of living, loving, sharing, working, caring, thinking, being, just EVERYTHING.  You have the healthiest outlook, perspective, attitude, approach, etc.  no emotions you are feeling are wrong, they just are.  Allow them to happen, allow them to escape you so that space opens up within you for others to fill the void there departure creates…… Bec, your daily journaling will likely prove to be a profound experience for you.  Your awareness that no matter how small or brief finding something each and everyday to be grateful for, find beauty in, is a daily lesson that will carry with you forever.  A walk outside and a hug from Eamon are also grounded in the reality that nature and love are two of the truest blessings one can have.  Understanding that Eamon is going through his own journey while supporting and loving you through yours, is so important.   That is why, I pledge a ‘hug for Eamon’ each and everyday of this journey, as many as he needs.  Be well, you do have the strength and support of all of out here.
Bec you have me crying throughout the video, your smile is so vibrant and shines through this difficult time . Eamon you are the most amazing partner that anyone could ask for you can just see it !!!
GUNPOWDER GREEN TEA!!  It’s a full leaf green tea. It was prescribed to my father when his life was halted with the diagnosis of Cancer.  With both parent medical professionals (nurses) they reached out to the university for assistance. They were willing to try anything. They found a doctor in Vancouver both naturalpathic and western medicine who prescribed organic foods no processed foods and back to the basics and GUNPOWDER GREEN TEA. I am so thankful that my parents listened to him and changed their life style. Even though my dad’s cancer was far more wide spread and advanced, his body was riddled with it (pancreatic cancer). He lived a quality,fulfilling and happy six years after his original diagnosis of “Get your estate in order I give you approx. 3 months to live.” My prayers and energy are being sent to you Bec YOU HAVE GOT THIS GIRL!!! Eamon you are the best! Allow yourself time to be angry, frustrated, hurt, and all the other emotions you are feeling because they are real too. I Love you both! Be one with the energy that surrounds you!
I cannot imagine how difficult it is to share this journey with all of us but realizing you have an entire village to  support you ❤️  I shared your last video with someone very close to me starting IVF and it really made an impact. My heart goes out to you two.
You are a warrior going through this, and me and my family are praying for you. 🙂
Sending prayers and love. This weekend I have been rewatching so many of yoir videos. I miss you and hope it get’s you some reveneu (spelling?). A dog is really an helpfull ally in appreceating so much, love, rest, food, family. Thanks for keeping us updated even tho you don’t have to.
wishing you the best! love you both this is truly heartbreaking!!
You have such a beautiful way of sharing yourselves and your lives. Sending continued love, hugs and healing vibes!  It’s so true how we can learn so much from our pets—they have such a healing quality and it’s so great that you all have each other!! <3
Oh Becs.. 🥰😘😭😍 thank you for being so brave and so honest and open sharing your experience. I am in awe of your transparency and willingness to inform and include us. It is an honour to know your strength and inspiring beyond words. 💗
Short hair looks great on you!!!
Stay positive kick yourself out of bed everyday even if you go straight to the lazy boy or the couch. I was diagnosed with stage four colel rectal cancer they said I had two mabey two and a half years to live I did two and half years of chemotherapy every two weeks . My surgeon suggested to stop treatment to see what happens. I haven't had treatment for over three years now so there's always hope.
Going through breast cancer diagnosis, chemo, double mastectomy and radiation with my daughter (only 32 at the time) was the most difficult time of my life. I felt so powerless. I found myself wishing I could do it all for her. The good news is that my girl is now 45 and living her best life every day. I am so grateful and so proud of her. Eamon, look after yourself as well as you are looking after Bec. Bec, so proud of you. You are so brave! I am so glad that you understand how tough this is for the people who love you. I cried and cried when Eamon watched you go into the hospital alone. Loads and loads of 💕
Hello sweetie how are you I am so sorry to see you feeling the way you do you are in my prayers and I am sure before you know it you are going to be over this and feeling like your old great self also it might sound strange and I don’t know if it is legal in Canada or not but I hear that Marijuana helps with nausea and lack of appetite I don’t know how open you are to it but just a suggestion it is plant-based after all😜😂😂😂 but regardless I look forward to seeing you happy and healthy keep up the good job we are all so proud of you and  Eaton is doing a very good job he is a wonderful man God bless both of you🙏♥️
To all, please know that all Cancer journeys are different. We each go through our own ups and downs at different times. We feel different day to day. We can not compare each others side effects as we each get different ones to different degrees or none at all. What keeps us sane and going is the will to see tomorrow.  Bec, your feeling and reacting as you should. I was told to be careful what you eat. If food or beverage start having a metal taste don't eat or drink it. Also, don't eat your favorite foods cause if they get that metal taste your not going to want to eat them anymore. For a sore throat or mouth ask for miracle rince. Its a mouth rinse that helps. Gargling helps too. Ginger is a good tummy aid. Tea was good too. I can remember laughing and than just like that crying. It made no sense to me. It's just the emotions you feel at the time. It's okay to go with what your feeling. And keep journaling it will get better. And I agree with what Eamon said.. it goes by like a windwhirl. Faster than you can breath and absorb it. Just keep going through it. I know 5 months seems like such a long time. Its not.. its the fear of the unknown that makes it seem that way. Always count it down.  1 down 7 to go, 2 down 6 to go. It makes it easier to know what you've accomplished. It's like yes I did it, I can do it and survive. It hives you inner strength. Just feel and do you. Prayers and blessings for you both.
I just want to say how incredibly brave you both are. Sharing your story is heartbreaking and inspiring. Everyone’s journey is different but how you have let the world in to share this journey with you both; the good, the, Bad and the ugly is a beautiful story of life and authenticity. Thank you and may God Bless you both with strength, comfort and joy of life as you walk this road together. Much Love 💗
I was wondering if you had a positive family history of breast cancer. Usually in a young woman like you has a family history. The genetic testing team said no family history?
First, thank you for sharing your life experience with us. I pray for you often🙏🏾 and wish the Lord God for strength, recovery and healing during this time. 🙌🏾 I pray for e Eamon strength 🙏🏾 as he walks the journey with you💪🏾.Love you both❤ and missed last week.
If you are comfortable sharing, I would be interested in knowing the cost of this treatment in Canada. Is everything covered? Treatments are so expensive in the US and I feel like that contributes to stress for many people here. Thank you for sharing your journey, your positivity radiates!
All the good vibes and energy to you both from India. You will get better very soon. Lots of love. ❤️
You are coping well, Bec.  Try not to think long-term.   Look only at your present week and cope with that.  Baby steps. ❤❤
Can we start somewhere to send her funny videos? Like either ones we made or that we found? I think that would be great for Bec!
Bec and Eamon, sending positive vibes, love and a virtual hug. I admire your positivity but also the fact that you are sitting with  "it". Going through the motions of the oceans.
Positive vibes only! You are an inspiration and is doing a great job! Much love and hugs your way! ❤
We love you guys 🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰..
Thanks for sharing your story!! I am so sorry this is happening. ❤️❤️❤️❤️ rest is good for the soul. It’s ok to be scared and feel everything you need to feel your in my thoughts and prayers.
Sending you all our love
Full love and support.   I know you eat super healthy things, but be mindful that certain foods can interact with medications. Especially in the citrus and supplements. What happens is the enzymes in the fruit (and supplements) will bind with the drugs preventing them from being absorbed as they need to. Grapefruit, pamelo, certain oranges are biggest concerns. Ginkgo may slow blood clotting after surgery.  While normally all these things are super good for you - when other things are interjected into the daily they may not be.  Please cross reference your foods for interactions while you are going through this.   As a cancer survivor - you are not responsible for what is happening. Do what you can to stay stress free, laugh through the hard times, and make all the comfy and cozy things a priority.
Did you take the c-19 vax? One of results is cancer.And no one is in control of their health and body completely, God is.
Sending you all the healing vibes and love to you both on this journey. May your spirits be as bright as the sunshine room. 💛✨🌞
Love you, guys.
I only know about you last year and i consumed your videos like crazy. I am very sorry that Bec is going to this fight, but I am sending positive toughts! Every sunday I check your youtube video for more news. Sending positive vibes from Sweden 🇸🇪  (but I am Portuguese girl  🇵🇹 )
Sending lots of love, strength and positivity...you can do it girl ! ❣️
You guys are such an inspiration! You are doing everything right. You guys have a great attitude that’s the most important thing. Nurse Eamon is rocking this! I hope Eamon is taking advantage of the therapy as well, he needs somebody to unload his stress on. Sending you so much love and positive energy of healing vibes. Xoxo
❤️
I wasn’t sure if Osso was a foster, so I’m glad to see that he is your new fur baby. He’s such a gentle and sweet boy. Bec, you are kicking ass and look adorable with a bob cut!!  Eamon, those savory pancakes looked delicious!  Love you guys, 💛💫
Much love and huge virtual hugsss for you all, you will be in my thoughts x x x 😊👍🦤🦖🗿😻🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿🐶🐻
Originally watched on my iPhone and could not comment so commented on another platform. I cried, I laughed and ended up 🙏ing. I totally understand Eamon’s skepticism, but the progress in breast cancer treatments makes me confident you will come out of this a survivor. I am glad you are not giving into the skepticism…. My cousin tried to cure her cancer naturally (spent a lot of money on alternative treatments in other countries) and did not have good results. She would not listen to anyone but rather based her decisions on her moms experience 35+ years previously. Thirty years ago the outcome was not as positive for many people. Success is the norm now. Your healthy lifestyle will give you a step up in this liquid sunshine journey and recovery. Eamon’s cooking and hugs are also excellent medicine. Counselling and taking care of your mental health is icing on the cake. Excellent treatment and care plan. You’ve got this! ❤️👏🙏🙏🙏
You are so brave and I so appreciate your sharing your journey.  You have my love and prayers.  You put life in perspective.  Keep sharing, oh, I started AG 1.
Love the organic!- take care of your self
Keeping you in my Prayers. Bec you are gunna beat this your a Warrior I love you both so much Eamon Thank you for staying so strong your doing a great job ❤ 💜 💖
Your courage means so much. Thank You.💝
Sending prayers for you and Eamon
Love and light always your way.  Your new baby dog is an angel.  My gut tells me so strongly.  We love ozo.
🍀🍀🍀🍀🍀🍀♥️
<3
Just sending love
sending love and positivity. that is all, keep smashing the cancer ❤️  ☺️
“We could literally win master chef I think” me and my buddy every single time we cook anything!!! 🤣  Happy to be able to start my Sunday with you guys! Sending all the love 💖💛🧡
Dear Eamon and Bec - Sending love, hugs, prayers and gratitude for your sharing your journey with us.
See ya Sunday..xoxo
Precious people. Sending so much love and light to you. ❤❤
Having gone thru this late in my adult life I marvel in your mature mind and hope you continue to share with all your people.  I fell asleep every time I was hooked up, so let us know how you are doing.
Dear Bec & Eamon, stay strong! Sending positive vibes, prayers and lots of love your way!
Surprised you didn't go natural. There is a place in Hawaii that does natural cancer cures. Just fyi.
Sending love.
My sister went thru breast and lymphatic cancer at the same time! She got thru it all and also a mastectomy!  She has recovered quite well and she was 56 at the time! She got it conquered and so will you! Also during her treatments they put ice packs on her fingers so her nails were not affected, so maybe you could ask about that! Stay positive and fuck cancer! ❤️
Thank you for being so brave and sharing your story. The world needs to see that with great adversity you can also stay positive.
You got this, Bec!  Something that I found helpful during chemo was to take down or cover some mirrors -- a glimpse of one's self with flushed face or wearing a do-rag is a reminder that you are sick and going through something hard. Eliminate as many "reflections" of sickness until the day comes when your hair starts to grow back, your complexion is healthy and you are approaching your old self again! As always, including you in my meditation prayers and loving you for chronicaling your journey back to wellness.  One day at a time, you know that's the mantra!
Sending prayers and good vibes your way.  The both of you are amazing for sharing this journey.    ❤️
Fasting and DR Sebi Alkaline Diet is something you should invest in..
I am amazed at your positive energy and can do attitude.  You’ve got this!
❤️❤️❤️ Sending lots of love to both of you! You got this! 💪🏼
There are heavy duty anti-nausea meds that you can ask for. They kick in about fifteen to twenty minutes after taking them. You are beautiful!!! Mac and cheese works wonders. Ice Cream is a must. Crushed ice too helps with the sore throat.
Stay positive.  Eat/Drink a nutritious meal even when you don’t feel like eating/drinking.  Keep up your strength.
We are with you. You are strong enough to get through this. Just know that thousands of people are sending their love and strength to you!
Get well soon ❤️
Sending hugs and love you are AMAZING !!!
Sometimes stuff like this is triggered from when your grandma was carrying your mom. There’s studies when it comes to weight gain that if grandma was stressed the grandchildren have thyroid issues. That leaves such a huge range of ways these genes could come to being expressed. Thank you for sharing your journey ❤️
You both make me feel so very humble 💕 and I'm sending thoughts of healing and strength along with a bucket of love 💗
Haven't you thought that the garbage you drink can be carcinogenic !? I wish you a speedy recovery from the hear
I love you guys for sharing this story!  I have immediately started a Gratitude Journal. No matter what, you know that thousands of people are here and sending positive thoughts your way and I am glad to be one of them.
Is Bec an "A" personality?  Does she put a lot on her plate?  Both Eamon and  Beck are clearly champions in  everything they do but to be a champion takes a lot planning and work and yes responsibility.  These two have always been responsible free spirits.  The question now is can you be both?  Its time to concentrate on Bec's situation and they are both being responsible, and very considerate of the other.  I wish them both to come out of this as "Champions."  They always have before so no reason to change.  They are both Champions.
I’m happy you adopted the pupperchino. He’s give you a whole new dimension of love and support ❤️ Sending hugs and positive, healing vibes!
You know I always used to say that you guys were “relationship goals” but it’s so much more than that. The way that Bec is able to totally lean on Eamon during these hard times while simultaneously attempting at protecting his energy and being aware of the struggle that he is going through is absolutely divine. Your love and your respect towards one another throughout the years is one of the most beautiful things and I am so grateful that I get to witness it. Sending you so much love and positive healing energy. 💕💕
You are amazing and you got this girl! ❤️
Sending loving and healing energy ❤️❣️❤️❣️❤️
,we have followed you for a very long time and we dont  usually comment but I want you to know that we are thinking of you all ,keep eating the  good stuff ,stay positive, big love
Sending you tons of get-well wishes, positive and compassionate thoughts, hugs and love as we are watching this episode right now here in Germany - thanks for sharing as your are going through such a difficult and painful time. We feel for you ❤️
Bec, you are such a rockstar! You are absolutely rocking that new haircut as well! Eamon, you are being such a great partner, shot administer and personal chef! Love to see your love :) Thinking of your family constantly, sending all the good vibes during this process, and fingers and toes crossed that liquid sunshine does its job! Keep those chins up!!
No YouTube video has ever made me so emotional. You guys are so strong and incredible during this scary time! And the way you're documenting it is amazing. Anyways, sending love and thoughts of pickles your way.
❤️2u
I’m a 6 year breast cancer survivor and my heart goes out to you.  Keeping you and Eamon in my thoughts and sending good vibes your way for healing!  Love you guys!
I'm so proud of you guys for sharing this and going through it with such a good mindset. Bec, remember that being sick means your body is fighting. Even tho it is hard, it is all a good thing for you <3
💛💛💛💛💛
I realize this has no relevance to the video but I need to tell you how freaking amazing you look with short hair. You pull it off so well♥️
it's a definite that you two as a couple are so warm & loving & understanding & respectful of each other, which will, no doubt, help you along this journey that you are on. warm hugs & much love from the States. be however you need to be.
Love you Eamon and bec
I pray for you, keep strong and positive!!  Love you!❤️❤️
❤️
Sending you both so much love, strength, and positivity during this challenging chapter of life ❤️❤️❤️
We are rooting for you both…this journey is difficult, and I am glad you are doing everything you can to be prepared, and healthy.  Grateful, too, that you have such an awesome healthcare system that allows you to focus on your recovery without the added stress of financial burden.
You are so so lovely Bec! I’m new to your channel and care for you like you were one of my daughters. Sending you all my positivity! ❤️🇨🇦❤️
..:::HUGEHUGS:::.. to you Babygirl!!  So very strong 💪💪💪💪 Your attitude is awesome & You're loved by us all!! 5months ain't s***! You got this girly 💯‼️
Omg I’m so proud of you both! Kicking this like a champ, in touch with your feelings is so important. You guys are amazing, and you will be ok in the end! Lots of love and support🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹
It fills me with so much joy seeing how supportive Eamon and the rest of your family is throughout your journey of healing ❤️‍🩹🥰😭
Basically bawled through this whole thing. Eamon watching Bec walk into the hospital for the first treatment. The morning drive there. Liquid sunshine. ☀️ Bec and Oso snuggling. Seeing you both rest in the beautiful home that you built with your hands, which now is holding and nurturing you during this time. You're both so damn beautiful. ✨☀️
With Oso & Eamon on your team, you got this Bec, sending the best healing vibes your way 🙏🏼
Sending you sincere hope and love. I'm sorry this has happened. You've lived such a healthy life. Sunday Feb 21 and need to find videos where you stopped traveling. Good luck sweet Bec ❤️❤️ Come to Asheville NC. Y'all would love it.
Good luck on you're Journey ❤️💙🌼
No matter where this rollercoaster is right now, up or down. The ride eventually ends, and you get to get off the ride, and back to your own navigated life - just healthier and more confident of your ability to go trough anything. Be well. And listen to all the love coming your way.
Thank you so so much for sharing this, I can’t imagine how hard it must be. I also hope Eamon is okay, we see a little less of him and that makes me wondering how he is holding up. But it must also be so hard on him to see you like this. A big big hug for the both of you. We are greatful for the videos you upload, but I just want you to know to never feel pressure of sharing. We are also okay with waiting for your return ❤️ lots of love 🥰
So much love for you both. It is insane what challenges life can throw at you but it's so important to remember you will always come out so much stronger on the other side and I know you both know that and continue to keep that positive mindset that is so powerful. You both are in my thoughts! Stay strong! I will defiantly continue following this journey as I have all of your previous journeys! <3
Oh i love your hair short!! So so cute!!🤗🤗🤗
🙏❤
GEEZ EAMON YOUR SONG CHOICES FOR EVERY MOMENT JUST MAKES ME ALL IN MY FEELS . AMAZING JOB...... I REALLY FEEL YOUR VIDEOS AND THATS WHAT SOUND IS MEANT TO DO .......... JUST WOW MASTER CHEF , MASTER EDITOR AND NUMBER 1 BOYFRIEND IN THE WORLD ....... I SEE HOW YOU MANAGED TO SNAG A BABE LIKE BEC
I would never watched this kind of thing on TV. But I feel watching you both over the last 3-4 years that you are like my children. Part of your life the good and tough time. Stay positive and I know all will be fine 🥰 from a hello traveler.
URGENT: Hey Eamon & Bec... I'm shocked they're not giving you anything to counter the nausea and sick feelings...  I've been seriously injured in an attack on me by 12 assholes who literally beat me almost to death.  Long story short... I had a double spinal surgery a little over a year ago that has crippled me. So, I've had to use crutches and I have an electric wheelchair I have to use to get around...  I'm having to use very strong narcotics to help with my pain control that causes a lot of nausea and sick feelings. They gave me some Ondansetron 4mg disintegrating tablets to counter the nausea and sick feeling. I can promise you that it really works. (Sounds like "On dance a tron")  Ask your Dr's to give you a prescription for Ondansetron 4mg tablets. (It has sort of a mint flavoring and it does literally dissolve instantly when it gets wet by your saliva or something to drink to wash it down.)  Love you guys and praying 🙏  for you.  Nomad (CW)
after watching you go through this I believe  that you can handle anything that life throughs at you stay strong xx
I know you said you where fostering the pup, but he is 100% your heart dog.
You have a light inside which you can try to visualise as a fire surrounding you with heat and light and changing in intensity but always here inside. You are pure energy and you are loved. Thank you to share. This is helping so many. Love you both!
hey Bec, it's not common but you can get tested for the concentration of BPA, other plastics, and fluorine/chlorine-based synthetic compounds in your breast tissue  I'm 29 and had chronic illness (EDS type 3) for years that disabled my hands and shoulders and I'm finally getting better and working full-time as a programmer again. it got so bad that I developed multiple chemical sensitivity (MCS) & learned there are endocrine disruptors in cookware, building materials (plywood, glue, sealants, paint, etc.), cleaning products, plumbing systems for our water, plastic tupperware, baking sheets, metal water bottle lining, most of the indoor air we breathe, etc.   I used to work at a vegan restaurant about 9 years ago but these days tragically I can't manage to eat any processed foods without pain including beans (even coffee), grains, pseudo-grains, potatoes, fermented foods, etc. It's tough since my diet is pretty much just grass-fed beef/bone broth/tallow & organic broccoli, cauliflower, lettuce, celery, mushrooms, a tiny bit of R2 resistant corn starch for fiber, and whole almonds. Hopefully you don't get sick in the way I am 'cause it's super tough to travel and even hold a job, but I'm finally doing better.  Maybe look into gut microbiome biodiversity research out of Stanford and I guess with vegetables and fiber over time I can possibly increase my gut diversity again, develop that iron gut, and reverse the crazy MAST cell allergic-type reactions and poor health, fatigue, pain, etc. But if lack of gut biodiversity isn't a problem for you, hopefully just reduce endocrine disruptors around you and your body will clean out the persistent organic pollutants (POPs) like BPA, etc. eventually :)   I'm healing and I wish the same for you! So excited for the day I can eat vegan again. 🙏🤍
Sending love! 💛🌻
Im sending good vibes your guys way. You’ll get through this! These videos really make me rethink everything I’m “upset” about and make me realize how stupid some of the “problems” i think I have are.
Sending positive thoughts, your inspiration and so strong willed bec, and what a rock Eamon is, a true superstar.
🙏🏼❤️💐positive vibes from a rainy Holland
KEEP STRONG!!! YOU GOT THIS QUEEN!!! <3
Your story is so powerful. You have a right to be proud of yourself and Eamon. Everyone experiences the effects of chemo differently and i’m truly sorry you’re feeling the yucky one. But the Liquid Sunshine 🌞 is doing it’s job. Bear is a great support dog for you both. I hope you keep him
Love you guys! Stay strong! With such positive spirit its just a matter of time you will be back to normal. Wishing for your rapid recovery. ❤️
Keep drinking greens and oxidizing and keeping your system alkaline!  I am a survivor and SO ARE YOU!!!
Holding space for you both and your support system. It takes a village and you have one. Your reframing of all of it, and your spiritual approach to chemo is beautiful. It really is hard to wrap the brain around the why and the what, but keep pushing through in presence.  Your story will help others embrace their struggles.
My heart goes out to both of you as you travel down the road of fighting cancer. I know that the two of you are strong enough to conquer this beast. Prayers and positive energy coming your way!
The drone view of you both and Bear was indeed breathtaking  🥰🥰sending you both (((((( Massive Virtual. Hug )))) lot of Love  & Positive vibes . 🥰🥰🥰
Sending love ❤️
You’re in my prayers.  Wishing you both the strength needed to get through this. Hugs to you both.
You got this Bec, sending you both lots of love, hugs n kisses from not so sunny Swansea xxxxxxxooooooxxxxx
You might want to read  Eat to Beat Disease  by William Li - could be helpful and hopeful.
Sending you and the family so much love <3  I honor you for sharing your journey.
Thank u for bringing us along your journey. My dad had cancer and I realized I didn’t get to see much of his journey. As I watched you I remembered him. ❤️
You both are an inspiration❤️❤️. Thank you for sharing. Positive thoughts and love 💕
HIIIII!!!!!  I am sending positive vibes to you!! Keep your head up …. We are all with you on this journey!! 💕
I have ADHD. I’m a recovering alcoholic. I take stimulant medications, benzodiazepines, and antipsychotics. Because I take stimulants, my appetite is hit and miss, so my diet is shit. When I heard your diagnosis and I talked to my Mom, I asked her how this could happen to you and not me. I am praying for you all the time.
Sending lots of love to you all from California. Bear is so lovely. He is a god send angel watching and loving you . Give him lots of hug for me.❤️💗💕🥰
Every video takes me through the gamut of emotions with you guys. We are behind you both! ❤️
You are amazing! Knowing that you can do hard things and you will continue to do it. Working in Oncology really change me and my mind set towards life. We will always be praying for you guys ❤️
Hey, did you hear the research on how CBD  not only helps with nausea but also helps the chemo work better?
Just sending you all a whole lotta love xxx
All the best to you sweet girl☀️
We love you guys so much. You are both so beautiful, courageous, and inspiring. 💜💗💕
You guys are so lucky to have each other,  you both are special human beings. I also went through breast cancer almost 5 years ago, I know how hard it is but it gets better ❤️
best place to  be at the ottawa hospital my husband had kidney cancer you will be in good hands we are from Ottawa. I practice law of attraction and I am sending you good vibes
Your attitude and driven positive thoughts through what must be such a difficult time in your young lives is so commendable. You are absolutely the bravest and most wonderful people to take inspiration from. My sister was diagnosed with cancer about ten years ago (she was 48yrs old at that time). She did the chemo and all that sunshine stuff and is still completely clear of C, it does work and we can now take strength and acknowledge that todays medication is so advanced these days, it works. Love to you both. …. Oh, by the way, great vids, keep it up
You got this, the 3 of you together to lift each other up, your inspiring to so many people. 🥰🐶  Thanks for sharing your journey with us.  P.S. cutest family ever!
sending much love to you both. ❤️
You are both so strong & positive.  I know it doesn't feel that way inside but sometimes just acting "as-if" is enough and you are certainly doing that. I appreciate your mix of energy work with western medicine.  I use both eastern and western when it makes sense.  Cancer would certainly be a time for relying on Western medicine.  I also share Eamon's suspicion of big pharma, but they have made great strides in cancer treatment.  Using both for the whole range of self-care makes sense to me.  I wish you the best!  Your vlog statement is powerful and beautiful as are you both.
You've got this Eamon and Bec. You are both such beautifully empowering people. Thank you for sharing your journey with us. I appreciate you both 😘❤❤🥰
OMG, you look amazing with your new short hair :-)
The good news is that as a human, you aren't in control but Jesus is! All He asks is you put your trust in Him. Check Him out :)
Hello guys! Bec... when I was 7-8 y/o I was diagnosed with leukemia and I had to go through a 2 year treatment, fast forward I'm now 24 years old and in remission for more than 10 years, I just wanna say that I was introduced to your channel for the travel content and I was like really happy watching you both, you became one of my favorite youtubers, and then when I saw your diagnosis video I bawled with you, I have not missed a single video, I know it's not the same but I know how it feels, please don't start thinking about what could've make you sick, it just... happens I remember and even now I'm like... why me? It's extremely rough on us and on the ones we love, my rock was my mom and I'm beyond happy that yours is Eamon and all your family and friends. I really love how you are taking all of this and also love how you are showing the good amd the bad. Please know that I'm here for you even if it's just by watching your videos. And know that you're not alone. Some tips that helped me through it are taking a lot of cranberry juice (even though I hated it lol), they told me that it helped the immune system recover because the chemo will take it hard on it, always getting chewing gum for all the times that chemo makes you throw up and if I remember any more know that I'll tell you. And of course it's okay to cry, it's more than okay to get mad and to scream because it's rough it really is so don't ever just keep it to yourself. Love you guys ❤ Eamon you are literally goals. I'm glad you found each other.
Hey Guys, sending you all the love from the uk. I’ve been where you are, I was diagnosed with leukaemia at 18. It’s an emotional rollercoaster for sure, with so many conflicting emotions all the time. My attitude towards cancer (most days) was to laugh through it and just get on with it, because I had no choice, so why mope? This made everyone think I was crazy, or unfeeling, or that I didn’t understand the gravity of the situation. Everyone handles it differently, and every day feels different. Don’t let anyone make you think you’re handling it wrong, there’s no right way. I love that your doctor acknowledged Eamon, it’s so hard to watch your loved ones be terrified for you. You’ve got this, and in the future you will look back and think “I did that!!”. Best wishes x
We love you soooo much guys!….your so much teaching me to find positivity in a stressful situation with hospitals after hospitals….your a sweet young vibrant gal!…I was born in the Kingston General 60 years ago!…please know we are by your side also in thought and prayer…I know a lot of people that have gone through this…my cousins wife who lives in Kingston…her mother and all 4 sisters had it and all have beat it!…it’s a genetic thing I guess!…❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏😘😘😘😘😘🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🥇
First, I am so proud of the both of u as u bravely walk through this together, it cant b done alone so just know the bond u have together will c help get u to the finish line as far as the chemo goes.  Second, I am a hard core believer in our bodies ability to literally heal itself. About 10 yrs ago I was having dental issues with what I thought were abcesses top right area of my mouth. After multiple dentist visits, several extractions, several different rounds of antibiotics a biopsy finally taken and came back with FOLICULAR LYMPHOMA, a form of NonHodgkins Lymphoma. Mind u I suffered more than a year with daily horrible pain before I sought help since I thought it was horrible infection, swallowing was just a nightmare full of horrific pain, nothing at all helped that pain. When I finally found what I had I was sent to an Oncologyst set up treatment plan, had the appointment all within 1 day and had a week to deal with the what ifs etc.  I recall telling myself constantly, in my head repeating and directing myself in a way to take the Lymphoma out of my body, to make myself work hard for its own survival. Literally every second I was looping demands on my body to heal and remove the cancer wanting so badly to have faith in myself but also knowing part of me did not believe in any positive ending. The day for my first treatment was here and I "bravely" sat waiting for the doctor. He came in and wanted to do his planning etc to ensure the perfect area was all good. I opened my mouth, he was looking poking and said its gone!! I in shock asking what he was talking about he again said, "Its Gone!" The mass and area effected was suddenly, magically clear. I was sent for xrays to b sure and 100% it was truely gone. I had proof (I believe) that my constant direction to my innerself actually healed itself. There was nothing else done other than the constant inner speaking since the doctor agreed with me nothing to disprove it I felt proud to go home and trll my family the miricle of my self healing. Sorry it is a long story but Im hoping its worth the length if it gives u a positive outlook on something u can do that takes no time away from anything else ur doing, its free and if gives u a miricle even a little one to cast the cancer out of ur body or ease ur situation at all its worth a try.  I have come to honestly love u both so so much and Im grateful for allowing all of us to walk through this with u both. I wont say that I know one way or the other how this all turns out mainly it helps ñobody except the one saying it, I will say I am fighting for u both and with u both all the way and Im praying daily for u both and have started today to go to church and light two candles daily until ur told u KICKED CANCERS AS*!! I LOVE AND PRAY FOR U BOTH.
So much love for you guys ❤️
I had to laugh when you talked about dogs being good at resting. I've been laid up for quite a while. Now that I'm spending more time out of bed, my old dog isn't taking it well at all. When I'm up, he sits on the bed, letting out an indignant "woof!" Every few minutes.
Bec you are so beautiful and I pray nothing but blessings for you!!
look into chemo more ask the survival stats. its based on five year survival.  its 2 percent survival rate because it destroys the body. please look into it. chemo and radiation both cause secondary aggresive cancers.   know for sure what your doing. research it. truth about cancer series watch it .they have a website its worth watching,  we all have a right to the truths. oncologists are not telling people the truths. i had brests covered in tumours i did no surgery, no rad, no chemo. went all pure organic diet. juicing. trigering my body to self heal.
Well Bec & Eamon - I was crying for you this morning.  Such a beautiful love story between the two of you.  I will keep you in my prayers and hopes.
You are so amazing. One day at a time. One hour at a time. One minute at a time.
Sending love and more strength, you guys are amazingly strong. Get well soon Bec 💖
I watched everyday for your next video to see how you guys are. Of course I laughed and cried right along with you both through this.  I feel so so connected to you both and I wanted Beck to know I am spending 15 mins each day in meditation sending her good vibes for health and healing. We love you both.  Big big hugs until next video. ❤️
Thinking  of you both always. Much love. Xxx
much love to you
You are such a strong, beautiful woman Bec. Prayers and all my love are with you both!
Yeah man, my wife and i use collapsible crates to carry out groceries... stay strong much love from cali
You two are totally different from me, yet, I love watching your videos! You are both so daring and not afraid to try anything that might peak your interest. This journey is a tough one, but one that you are battling together. Hold on to each other ……..tight!
You guys need to offically adopt oso.
My sister-in-law just finished her chemotherapy for a blood cancer called multiple myeloma. Chemotherapy is literally poison that kills the cancer cells. It’s unfortunate that in 2022 our best therapies for cancer are radiation and ingesting poison but these are currently the most effective treatments known to man. Unfortunately it’s going to make you feel like crap until you finish. Please stay positive and know so many are pulling for you!
Here is something I hope will make you laugh. My daughter got me using subtitles and sometimes it helps me hear things I wouldn't, like song lyrics, and other times it mistranslates what is being said and it can be funny like just after you talked about cutting your hair to make a wig, or even use family members hair, you went for a walk and according to the subtitles you said you were "getting some fresh hair"  and I am like wait... what?
I'm sending prayers and  Positivity to the two of you...oh and to Bear.  It broke my heart when you announced this challenging journey you were forced to travel on, but I know you have everything it takes to arrive to your destination  with complete Success of a healed mind, body and soul which will multiple your  Courage, wisdom, faith and love. God Bless you guys.
You guys are so strong I’m praying for you we love you ❤️❤️
You are amazing sharing your journey.  You are going to help so many people. What a very special couple you are.   Sending you love.  💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙
“I love licking a$$.” The end! I’m dead. Lol
We just did two months of chemo and daily radiation with my mom… so this hit home!!  Thank you for taking the time to share your story with us!  What a blessing to have Oso there with you guys…. So much love from dogs 🐕 ❤️. The moment when you walked into the hospital for your first chemo treatment and Eamon was standing there alone….. such a powerful moment!  Your doing all the right things….keep up the fight
I love how Lee is escorting you wherever you go! :) Don't ever feel like you need to explain to us why you are happy as if "you shouldn't" that's just silly. You SHOULD stay happy. Love you lots mama! Proud of both of you!
I feel your need to get answers as to the why. I have a twin sister. I eat healthy. Exercise and dont smoke. All of the things which she does. Guess who got lymphoma?
You are EVERYTHING Bec!!! Your positivity is absolutely amazing we’re here for you girl!!
Thank you so much for sharing this with us <3
Thoughts and prayers for you! You are such a beautiful amazing person!
Praying 4U, Woo!
You're such a beautiful, talented, strong and caring person Bec. I'm so inspired by you and Eamon all of the time.
I can only imagine how frustrating it must feel to live such a healthy life, and have a diagnosis like this. But, somethings are out of our control, no matter how healthy we are. And I think you should be proud of your good habits and healthy lifestyle, because I’m sure that foundation is going to make your recovery better and give your body the best chance to let the chemo do what it needs to. I don’t you should feel discouraged or like you did something wrong. You’ve done everything right, and that’s going to help you so much through this process. Sending you so much love and light, I’m glad you have such a loving community in person and online 💕
I recently found out my dad has a cancerous tumor behind his eye I found out last week I saw your video before hand and I think honestly your video prepared me for it its hard he's just also started chemo and radiation my dad and you are always in my thoughts and prayers 💕
I’m so proud of you. You are so strong. Keep that head up and your heart open. We all love you
Thank you for being so raw and open with this whole journey! we are giving all of our strength to you both, Bec & Eamon! Oso is an absolutely amazing dog! You two are incredible. Truly. ❤️
My husband wanted me to share.....if you are having a difficult time with the taste of food, start your meal with some dark chocolate letting it coat your tongue before you eat.   This helped my husband so that he continued to eat healthy during chemo.   Everything tasted metallic to him and he didn't want to eat.
Thank you for allowing all of us to be here with you, to be able to send you both love and support. It means so much.
I can't stop crying. God love you guys heart. To be going thru this first an then sharing it with us. Your one hell of a woman Bec an you got this..
Bec you and Eamon are in my prayers! You are a strong woman and I feel like you can beat this. Never forget that GOD has your back, so does your family, friends and YouTube followers.
Thanks for sharing your journey.  My younger brother started treatments for stage 3 colon cancer around the same time as you.   You both can do this and be well again!  You and he are in my daily prayers!  Stay strong!!!
You two are so amazing! If you haven’t yet seen this Bec, look into high quality matcha as a lifestyle intervention - it’s been shown in studies to be a very powerful anti cancer supplement when combined with traditional treatments ❤️
Are you thinking about CBD treatment?
BEC SLEEPING IS WHEN YOUR BODY HEALS THE MOST..... EVERYTHING IS TAKEN CARE OF BY EAMON AND YOUR FAMILY.... RELAX RELAX RELAX RELAX BABE AND DONT FORGET YOUR AG1 .......
Sending love and prayers your way guys..You got this ❤
I thought I would pass along something I learned from another Youtube channel "The Frey Life." They use a free app called "abridge" to record all of their doctor's appointments. It's an app that was created by a cardiologist for his patients because often when you're in an appointment, so much medical jargon is covered, and so, so much is potentially forgotten. After you're done recording, it takes the recording and transcribes it to written word, while at the same time highlighting all the medical terms. This allows you the option to re-listen to the appointment, read what was said or you can click on the terms to just listen to those parts. Blessings and Love
aww, Keep fighting. Sending all my prayers to you two. ❤
Your journey will help others not just now but years from now. People in their lowest low will find this and watch and feel hopeful because you definitely made me feel very hopeful about life
I wonder if medical cannabis or Rick Simpson Oil would help out with your not so happy side effects from the liquid sunshine! RSO has been an actual lifesaver for me with my severe endometriosis and ovarian cysts. Sending good vibes your way 💜
So sad you both have to go thru this, pray for you both and that all will be well - 🙏💛🙏 Love be
❤️🙏💪
Sending all the happiness and sunshine in the world to you Bec and Eamon!! 💕💕☀️☀️
you can and you will do it! both of you :) thank you for sharing, sending all the love in the world for you ✨
Hi Bec! Thank you for sharing your journey! Been around here a while but have never popped into the comment section to say hello. Hello! :) Wondering if you could share what books have been helpful at this time whether they focus on food, spirituality, or cancer specific reading material? Thank you!
Sooo sosososososssoooo much love to you both!! All the healing energy being sent your way 🙏💞
Love you both
Greetings from one of MILLIONS of breast cancer survivors!  I'm anxious to see you back on the road, or remodeling another cabin, or mothering babies ...... so hang in there.  This whole stupid cancer-thing will pass and great things are ahead!
You are a pair of sweethearts.  Also, I think oso is a part of your tribe.
Uff my heart feels so heavy watching this. It's truely admiring how positive you guys are, wishing you all the best and much love from Belgium 🥺✨
I'm pleased Bec and Eamon that the dr and nurses are very caring and understanding of you both, you know sometimes they forget that this is a new and at times hugely overwhelming process for you to cope with. My positive thoughts will always be with you Bec and Eamon don't forget to look after yourself too 🥰
My heart aches for you my girl that you have to experience let alone endure this ❤️ your strong, you got this and you have such a bright bright future with Eamon beyond this bump in the road. #prayers#love
Eamon man I'm so sorry your going through this with the woman you have so many life plans with ...... I have to tell you that yalls love and how you look at bec is so powerful...... bec is able to be this powerful woman because she has you next to her ...... I see the way you look at her during those low moments with such strength and worry with so much love...... remember that yalls love is eternity and bec has so much more to do here on earth with you....... yall are the most amazing couple .....
linda Macarthney was a vegan and she died of cancer
Blessings to you sweetheart.  Prayers for your continued strength on this journey.
Praying for you.
Prayers, Love and Big Hugs. ❤
Nothing like a great walk on a frozen like...great way to detox the mind. Be well and be safe...positive mind positive attitude equals positive results.
Love your burrito laugh - you are SO good together :-)
Feeling so touched watching this. My Mom went through “liquid sunshine” treatments, followed by radiation after surgery just like you, Bec. She is doing amazingly well, and I know you will be well again, too! I feel for Éamon since he cannot be with be with Bec for appointments and infusion treatments, because I know how important it was for me to be physically there with my Mom. You are doing all the right things. Continuing to send healing love and light to you both 💖
Sending you both lots of love and light 💕💕
Thank you for letting me experience your journey. You're beautiful and foremost you're amazing.
You are both (all, including Oso)beautiful inside and out.  You've got this, Bec❤
I think that dog 🐕 is a keeper. Brava Bec you’re a trooper.  ❤️❤️❤️
if you eat tofu you will get cancer it is proven in Europe stop eating tofu
I was diagnosed with cancer last February, I was stage IV (in remission as of this month) and the main thing I can tell you as advice is to keep this positive mindset you have regarding treatment. trust and believe that your body will respond well and it will! I know that sounds so cliche but it’s the most crucial piece of this whole crappy situation. There’s a chance you may never see this but if you need encouragement or advice from a fellow survivor, I’m here 💜💗
Soup! Makes lots of hearty broth soup when you don’t have an appetite and your stomach can’t handle it! And freeze it for later as well! Take it slow and go at your own pace- you’ll eventually reach the end of treatment!
Old organic vegetarian hippie RN ; I had two rules after my diagnosis 29 years ago 1 all my feelings were legitimate and okay to feel, and 2 no horror stories allowed No one's allowed to tell me anyone else's horror story. Sending you love and support from Arizona. And laughter is the best medicine!
Sending love for both of you ❤️ Eamon, please share the recipe for those savoury breakfast pancakes ✨
Stay positive!  You’re doing great girl!  It’s very tough, but you got this!  Your story brings back so many memories for me! As the tears roll down my cheeks..Exactly 14 years ago I went through the same thing, only I was a single mom with a teenager!  I’m so Grateful to God I’m still here!  Breast cancer- medullary carcinoma, mastectomy, chemo, & reconstruction. I know exactly what your going through, except for one thing.. my heart aches for you that because of “these measures” that are being enforced that you’re not allowed to be together for chemo. It would be nice to have you’re loved one by your side. I get it! But it sucks!  You are now in a club you never wanted to be in, but you’re gonna gain a whole other family you knew nothing about!  Those in that room with you while they put “the red devil” in you are your new family!  They give you the courage, strength & support you never knew you needed. ❤️🙏  I know we don’t know each other, but honestly if ever you have questions or just need to talk with someone who’s been there, please reach out, I will give you my number. 🙏 You got this!!  Stay safe.  Take care.  Sending much love and healing vibes.  God Bless 🙏❤️
The song is called ready to fall 🙂
You two are simply beautiful 😍! I love your dog Bear. The cutest boi! Bec, you will do amazing through this journey. One day at a time. You are strong and can do this 😘😘
This video has made me so emotional. Bec, I admire your strength and your willingness to show the reality of this journey, with the ups and downs. And it seems like you got yourself one heck of a man there : I am so happy for you for being cared for by a man such as Eamon. You can be both so proud of yourselves. Lots of love from Belgium
This time of year in Ontario....is the perfect time for resting, shorter days still....but more sunshine in the daytime. Cold where you still want to be indoors, cuddle weather...and a slower pace. Come summer...with the longer days, and desire to be out more...you will embrace those days and look back on these ones...you are working hard both of you....you are contributing by working on yourself Bec, healing and sharing .  Eamon you Sir are a rawk star!  I'm old enough to be your mom...and with my mom-like pride...am proud of you both.  You are very inspiring and your gift of sharing is helping others....please know that.  Sending up lots of positive vibes, prayers and thoughts from down in snowy Niagara! 🇨🇦  stay strong...warriors!
You’re so inspiring bec. Good luck for the next dose of liquid sunshine and can’t wait for the next update!!x
💛💛💛
Thank you for being so open and honest with your journey.  Sending you thoughts and prayers for your recovery.  Wishing you all the best.  Bec you are a rock, Eamon nothing but respect for how you’ve been right there and in this journey.  Prayers for both
FRESH Ginger, Turmeric, and lemon is a natural healing and cleansing boon to keep candida (or yeast) from developing throughout your whole system. Kombucha and prebiotics will be huge in maintaining a healthy gut and keep your sinuses from developing the unbalance of yeast that causes your throat, mouth, and sinus cavity to have issues. Turmeric is a natural anti-inflammatory. Ginger and lemon cleanse the throat and gut. Kombucha replaces the healthy bacteria. Chemo strips your body of everything. My first round I developed thrush and gut ache and the natural probiotic infusions were huge. I went the natural way during my rounds and it made a world of difference. 🙏 sending you all positive karma.
You both are such an inspiration to so many. I went through the scariest time of my life (and my family and friends)last Apr-june 1st last year. At the age of 61, I spent 42 days in the hospital, 23 of them on life support (not covid related) my husband and kids were told every day for 3 weeks that I wasn't going to make it through the night. I believe with all my heart that the love and support of all of my family and friends is what pulled me through it. Y'all have the support of thousands, if not millions, of people! You've got this girl! BTW, y'all have inspired me to start eating healthier, my husband too, which is saying a lot LOL. Good vibes, positive thoughts, and prayers are with you all.😊💖💖
Take care of YOU and Eamon. I love that you are blogging because it will help others going through this. Please  take the time for you. Your body will speak to you so LISTEN to it. ❤️❤️
Msg 2- meant to suggest you check out Rain Country channel. She has TONS of info on herbs & flowers that have awesome benefits.... her and her husband both got off thyroid meds by her research on the uses of these things. By her suggestion, I ordered the book by Amy Fewell The homesteaders Herbal Companion ...👍 GREAT to have it and am glad I ordered it. Maybe there’s things in both of these suggestions that will help you out hunni.
Stay strong!💝
Beautiful video. 💜💜💜
Continuing to send so much positive energy your way! Thank you for being willing to share your journey, you have no idea how many women you may help through sharing your videos.
Wishing you a full recovery!! That dog is so adorable, looks like a keeper to me! :)
Be Strong! From South Africa
My heart goes out to you guys but I know that all the love you share is going to get you through this and all the life throws at you.  Get well soon my prayers go out to you for a speedy recover.
This does you no real good, but you are in my thoughts.  You lead such a healthy lifestyle - which did not prevent the cancer, but really should stand you in good stead through this part.  One step at a time.  You'll get through it.
you go girl! you have all your ducks in a row, so as you said......one day at a time. i am a firm believer in animal therapy and happy to see that Oso is doing a great job. thanks for the inspiration of "finding something small every day to be grateful for". you're right--being greateful can also be all the little things that make up our day, not just the big stuff.
The resiliency you find within yourself will astound you. Prayers, energy, and everything else zooming to you guys. ❤️
Beautiful video, you guys are super strong and your positivity is inspiring. There is one thing I really wanted to mention, in this video and the last one I could not help but notice that you guys mentioned not using a microwave anymore, obviously this is your choice and I’m not sure if the concern is related to plastic containers leeching anything into food when heated, but the kind of radiation that microwaves use is non-ionising radiation; a type of radiation that has enough energy to move atoms around within a molecule but not enough to remove electrons. The non-ionising radiation used in microwave ovens is not powerful enough to transfer radiation into food; it can only cause the water molecules to move. This is not a type of radiation that causes DNA damage.
Much love and joy to you both. Your authenticity in your experiences shines through your videos. You show the ups and downs to life and this journey you are currently on. Your body is amazing and learning to trust and rest when needed will serve you so well in the future <3
THANK YOU for sharing your journey. Sending love,healing thoughts and vibes to you guys.So strong!And don't forget to meditate threw it all.
My mom did the same chemo for her breast cancer…Or at least it had the same nickname
Hey Bec. I'm in the UK and was also diagnosed with breast cancer in December although my treatment plan is different.  I had my surgery and immediate reconstruction 3 weeks ago and I can honestly say that it was so much better than I ever expected it to be.  I now start my 8 rounds of chemo in 2 and a half weeks.  I have had all the same thoughts that you have had, how up until now I've felt relatively well but I'm scared about putting something in my body that will make me feel ill, it just seems so counter intuitive.  Thank you for sharing your story, it is helping me enormously. Love to you xxx
I so appreciate you guys taking us through this journey. My sister-in-law is about to start chemo for breast cancer and your experience will help us all to know what she will be feeling and thinking. Thank you.
sending you ❤️ and ☀️
We love you too beck.
I’m thinking and praying for you both, your so strong ❤️ you got this 💜 much love and light
what an inspiration beck, let's go forward, strength and lots of love on this new path 💜💜💜
I love you guys...and I am so proud of Bec❤❤
Was waiting for your vlog
I can't wait for the video about your cancer being free. It will be a long journey but all the support from the thousands of amazing people around you and virtually will make it a really short one. Can't wait until you can put all of this behind you, and all of us. Get well soon! ❤
Stay strong bec, I’m praying for you, God does miracles, and he is doing one through you.
Sleeping = healing Bec, so don t fight it and rest and sleep as much as it needs it. Your body is so smart and strong and knows what you need. So happy for you that you have the cabin to live in and the healthy air in your surroundings. 1 extra point ;) Eamon, I know how tough it must be for you. Thank you for all you do for Bec! You are awesome and you rock. As for Bear, he for sure is bringing healing energy and love for you both, you are all lucky to have each other. Take care of each other, you are going to make it. Sending healing vibes to you all <3
I am sending you both all the good vibes and stay strong 💪🏻 you got this, Bec. And we’re here for you. We got your back too! And Eamon’s such a great support too! Keep it that way ! Is just amazing to see how well you are together. You two make me still have some hope for human kind
I went through this (including AC) 15 years ago.  It can be rough but you will come out the other side with new life experiences and perspectives that can only come from this journey.  Fight like a bad a$$  girl!
You've got this Bec! Stay loving and strong you two.
Be patient with yourself in this time. It kicks one’s butt, but you have a strong support system. As a survivor, I assure you that the Light at the end of the Tunnel will be far brighter than it ever was before. You got this woman! Hugs and healing light are sent your way always.
Love and hugs, Bec.  My niece, Rebecca (Becca), is several years younger than you and had to do the whole chemo/radiation treatment for rabdomyosarcoma for a year.  She's been in remission for almost 2 years.  She's built just like Bec and also has brown hair and big brown eyes.  After a few treatments, the biggest thing my sister did to help her was prepare hot foods that are easier to keep down and think of things to keep her WARM.  Then the best activity to do is sleep, sleep, sleep.  You're going to get through it and it will be hard but you will get through this.
God Bless You
*Sending every positive vibe and healing energy your way.* 💕  *If Rx anti-nausea medications aren’t working, try the natural alternative. MJ was THE only thing that kept my twin’s nausea at bay and allowed her to eat.* 🙏🏻
All the best for quick recovery. Are you really going to do this fight as full vegan?
Wooow Bec you doing great , girl ! Lots love and keep strong xx - Gosia & Adam
You are both SO amazing <3
i can’t put into words how much i love u both, and how PROUD i am of u both. the resilience and strength u both share is heart warming. i wish i could give u both the biggest hug, but know i’m crying when ur crying, laughing when ur laughing in these videos 🥺🖤 WE GOT THIS!!!
Thank you for including us in this adventure of yours. Thinking about you often. Stay strong and when you can't, rely on others just like you seem to be doing. Many prayers!!
all my prayers are going to both of u. keep up the fight
🙏🏾💗🙏🏾💗🙏🏾💗
I’m so happy you showed your pee.
You do you and never apologize for that! Prayers and continued support. Staying positive is 50% of the battle. I would think making these videos and talking out your feelings would be cathartic. I think it is a reliefto be able to talk and share your feelings without judgment. We love you!
Sending prayers of health and strength... Thank you for sharing your journey with us.
You are so strong and brave Bec, and your love for each other is precious.
Eamon...this has to be incredibly hard for you. Your best friend and complete Love of your life is going through a very hard thing in life. Hang in there Brother...your incredible too. Stay strong, stay positive...you two are the best couple on YouTube and I enjoy watching your adventures. There will be more, she and you will get through this...I know you will.
It's moment to moment. Savor the good ones. ❤
You are so incredibly strong and I’m just glad that you decided to take us along on your journey. Keep the faith and you will be healed. 🥰 sending you love and prayers 🥰🙏🏻
So proud of THE PAIR OF YOU! Wanna give both you and Eamon massive cuddles! xxx
When my sister was going through treatment for stomach cancer, she said it was like scheduling the flu... I you tubed  Dr. Eric Berg 8 unexpected benefits of iodine.  You might want to check it out.... always check with your doctor first..... Sending healing Angel's your way Bec and support Angel's for Eamon
God Bless you both!
🤗💚🍀🌍🌺🌞😙
I’m sorry you have to go through this Bec, sending lots and lots of love & healing 💗
Unfortunately c doesn't care how healthily you live your life. Had a family member go through it and my misses was the one giving those injections, knew they were needed but felt cruddy for giving them. It's a rollacoaster for the pair of you, and just at remember on the bad days (for each of you), it's the stress/strain and leave the things said go over your head, sometimes you just need to shout, along with the other things. I was hoping for some winter cabin stuff but, not this way. Keep your heads up and putting one foot in front of the other, dealing day by day, cause you don't know how you'll feel the tomorrow or even later and n the day once awake. Take care of each other and wishing you all the best on your journey.
I love you Eamon and Bec!  Praying for you both ... Bec, LOVE the bangs 👍😊. Inside this 🎁 is strength, positive energy, and huge hugs ... there’s lots in it- big things come in small packages ♥️💞.
Been thinking of you and praying for you I also live in ont and not far from you it’s hard been tho somthing so hard but will make u stronger just keep feeling the feels love u guys
You CAN do this Bec, we love you all so much. ❤️
I'm Praying for you! I went through chemo, I'm a man and I had Non Hodgkin's lymphoma. I took 2.5 yrs of chemo. I'm in remission. Just try to relax, and rest.you can do this.
Bec - You are extraordinarily in so many ways , too many to mention ! You got this 👍
I just want to continue to send both of you positive healing thoughts and Love.   Sharing your story is so powerful however you share it.
Eamon & Bec, my wife and I are sending you lots of love and energy today, and always. Your ability and willingness to share your experience with us is so powerful and I think I speak for us all when I say... thank you!   For all the people like myself who feel emotions through music and sound, here are the 2 songs used in the video: Boundary Run -  Ready to fall At Dawn- CHPTRS.  Take care everyone!
Stay strong both of you!  We all are here for you
Thanks for sharing ❤️ Bec you are so strong and you’re both rockstars!
Thank you for sharing ❤️
Bec saying goodbye to Eamon and walking in for treatment broke me. Thank you for allowing us to be a small part of this hard but beautiful journey. You both are so strong and so loved.
Love you guys! You got this!
I am very thankful I have not had to go through this.  You are such an inspiration to me and everyone else.  To be able to see your journey and to go through it with you in some sense is a real blessing.  Happy thoughts to you and Eamon.  Liquid sunshine, do your magic.
Multiple cryings and I'm only halfway through.. Sending so so so so much love and healing vibes  your way from the other side of Canada ♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
Positive Energy!! All my Love and Support to you Both ❤ ♥
Love iu Bec! Get well soon!
All I have to say is F*** Cancer… Bec, you’re so beautiful inside and out and I sincerely wish you a complete and total recovery. God bless you and Eamon.
❤️🥰🙏💪💪👌🇬🇧
Praying for your healing and wholeness. 🙏🏼
The red devil is similar to peeing after eating beets.
Positive thoughts and prayers to you both.
I love the new family addition I hope that you keep him I never really wanted a dog 2013 I lost my son my kids thought I needed a companion and I'm glad I have in Pico,  Hewill be your best friend through it all and now I just lost my husband October 4th 2020 and Pico is still beside me a dog makes things a whole lot better God bless you guys
B17 THC
Strength to you both and your families. Hi from Cape Town
Sending lots of love and Reiki to you Becs, btw, have you heard of Dr Joe Dispenzer? Please look up his YouTube channel, and his books. Take care, see you Sundays xx
Sending you both so much love and strength ❤️ Im so grateful you shared your journey. We are right here with you. 😊
Sending you both prayers and good energy. Bec you are a warrior and you are capable of accomplishing anything that you choose to do. Eamon you are such a rockstar with helping Bec. You both are so amazing and I am sending all my love!!!!
Awwwww love you guys! Proud of you both.  You can see it on Eamons face he is struggling with this, you can see he is worried & a bit scared.   But your love & faith in each other will get you through.  Bec have you thought about smoking some medical grade herbs to help with the nausea?  No pressure, but can't hurt.  It helps me so much with my nausea on top of my nausea meds too.  Remember to rest & allow your body the space to do its thing love.   I know it's easier said than done sometimes.  I think finding a balance between getting rest & fresh air will work wonders.    Bear is heaven sent though & just what you both need!  Prayers,  unending love & light to you both.
Sending you both lots of love and strength. ♥️
❤️
To think that just because you eat healthy, exercise and “spend time outdoors” that there is no reason that you or anyone would get sick/cancer is naive and plainly stupid thinking. The human body is quite complex - you as the operator of the vehicle have absolutely zero control over getting breast cancer.
Stop eating soy! Simulates estrogen - read up on it!
Always search for the CURE .... NOT the treatment
Sending additional hugs, love and healing thoughts and prayers.  Your hair is adorable by the way. Like all the journeys you've been on and mountains you've climbed,  you have an amazing attitude and great strength! You've got this! I'm so proud of you BOTH 💕
❤️❤️❤️
Just this: ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Stay strong! 🇿🇦♥️♥️
Love y’all sooooo much. You got this !!!
Sending you guys some good vibes from the USA🙏🏻
❤❤❤❤
Love to you guys ❤️❤️
You are both beautifully and wonderfully strong! We are all praying for you! 💛
Your beautiful an that face will suit any style including a skin head.!!stay strong .huge love sent your way.xxx
I’m so so proud of you both.  What an amazing name for Chemo “Liquid Sunshine”.  It’s a blessing that that they have this treatment to make you better!  God has you and is in the Miracle Business!  He’s going to heal you and help you and Eamon power through the treatments.
I'm pretty sure Oso was sent straight from heaven to help you two get though this! 💞 Sending love, hugs, and positive energy to you both!
I admire you Bec. You are in my prayers. You’ve got this! I know this will be a distant memory someday when you have been cancer free for years and years. Everyone should have an Eamon for support. Thank you for sharing your difficult journey.
💙💙💙
One moment at a time, one breath at a time, one happy day of life at a time. Prayers of love and light your way to a beautiful couple.
I’m so proud of both of you 🧡
Look into Dr. Joe Dispenza.
So glad Oso has joined you for this journey. Dogs are such great medicine ❤️
Oh my gosh! These videos are beautiful. I hope Bec learns to find the calm in letting her body rest. Sleep heals. Sunshine and nature. Fresh air and sleep. The new ‘do is adorable! It looks great.
dearest bec&eamon, i used to think i was watching your amazing videos for pure enjoy- and entertainment. but as i am witnessing you both go through this, it feels like this is happening to two people who mean a LOT to me. i have you in my thoughts daily ever since i learned about becs diagnosis and i am in awe of the way you are handling this together and individually. never did i imagine that i could care so deeply about two strangers on the internet, but i do. <3 i wish you nothing but healing, happiness and courage. <3 <3 <3
Bec, when I was diagnosed with brest cancer last spring I came to the conclusion that I was suppose to be an example to someone else of how to walk through the fire of cancer.  I currently know of 2 people who were watching.  My guess is, with this channel, you and Eamon are suppose to be examples to many who will have to go on this cancer journey.  Both as the one with cancer and the one who supports and care for them.  And, you're doing a great job.  They need to see the good and the bad, your courage, your fears and your tears.  Look cancer straight in the eye, then kick it to the curb.  You got this.  Prayers.
Prayers being sent to you!
Beck, I don’t know if you will see this, but please look at the connection between soy and estrogen based cancers. Soy is very very bad for women that are estrogen dominant. I have to stay away from it completely because my estrogen levels skyrocket and I get hormone tested A LOT. If I give my body the slightest bit of outside estrogen my levels go way high. I am also at risk for estrogen based cancers. Bless you, Beck. You CAN get through this.
Bec and Eamon, Be as real as you can.  I have told my niece that it is ok to have tough times.  Take care of yourselves!
It's amazing how brave both of you are, this is a tough time but you are tougher, I am looking forward to the days where you'll look back and remember that it was one of the hardest things you've been through, but you will know even if it were the worse you still gave your best fight, that you mustered a power unlike any other and that you have become an inspiration to so many. It is hard, but it will pass. I love that you know you've got each other, and we've got you too! Sending you love and heartwarming wishes
Bec your an absolute superstar sending you hugs everyday and praying for you, eamon your a diamond too, please keep that beautiful puppy he brings you so much joy.
Kicking Cancer's butt one liquid sunshine at a time!!! Prayers for you both!!!
So proud of you two! Sending Love and Prayers.  You can do this!!!! xoxo
You’ve got this Eamon & Bec!
I never comment on videos, however, now i just really wanted to say; Bec, you’re the strongest woman that i can think of the way you are handling this. Be strong, you can do it! Many prayers for you from Belgium 😘
Oh sweet Beck.😢Praying for you. And Eamon. Love you guys
My love and prayers are with you both. Stay strong and safe. 🙏🙏❤
I have been watching you guys since 2017 and I love how raw and true you keep your videos. Bec and eamon you are both in my thoughts and I’m sending positive energy to you and your loved ones all the ways from South Africa 🇿🇦 love you guys ❤️❤️❤️
Bec...you are the most Beautiful Woman on YouTube. With or without hair, a smile or no smile, you are incredible. Hang in there and I'm praying for you.
Bec you got this! I applaud you for sharing your journey. It cannot be easy being that vulnerable to the world. These videos could be helping so many women going through then same thing. I hope you’re doing okay! Please make sure you eat foods higher in calories. I think that is going to be very important for you especially further down the line. Also the fact that you are trying to do walks and movement. Your muscles will need that too. You got this babe! You’re beautiful inside and out. Also I think sharing all of what’s considered TMI is super important too. It’s your journey, the good the bad and everything in between.  Eamon, please know you that though this is bec journey it’s also yours. Don’t forget to share your side and feelings too. I think it will be good for your therapeutically. Cancer sucks majorly for the person with cancer, but it is also hard to watch your loved one go through it. Please remember to take care of yourself too. I speak from experience of watching this process a few times myself. Love you guys! #fuckcancer
Sending all the love and positive vibes your way❤️xxx
❤
Eamon, are you getting in with a therapist as well?  Bec, keep up the eating!!!! Keeping on weight and giving your body the energy to fight is so crucial. We are all here rooting for you both <3
I am rooting and praying for you Bec and Eamon. I don't know if it's helpful but drinking lots of water up to 3 liters per day will help with the nausea.
You are an inspiration! Strength with beauty and grace. Thank you for sharing this journey, the realness and brevity is not lost.  May gentleness, healing and strength follow you both and wrap you in love.
Bec I suffer with mental illness and fybromyalgia and I'm so lazy I'm wallowing in my own filth self suffering and feel stuck ...... then I see your videos and I know what I'm going through is so little compared to you and you are so active and positive and using resources to seek the doctors and people who will help you get through this....... I'm gonna try harder bec ..... your such a role model by being yourself ....... your gonna beat this bec...... I'm alone and it's hard but you have so much love in your home in your family and from all of us....YOU GOT THIS
Bec your a strong woman u got this and you’re an even stronger couple love to you both 💕
Sending big hugs and prayers for healing🙏🏼♥️
Love you guys, prayers for you always
Man, I love you guys. Keeping the both of you in my prayers and sending the most love and healing vibes your way ❤️
We love you all so much in our prayers always ❤️
Sending you guys prayers, love and healing. You got this Bec😍💪🏽💪🏽💪🏽
I wish I could give you a giant hug.
As someone who has a degenerative condition I really feel your struggle to be contributing and putting on a brave face for your family and us *hugs*   Please know that it’s ok to be taken care of and that even when times are tough and you feel useless you are doing the most important jobs, healing and taking good care of our friend Bec 🥰 Lastly mint tea is my go to for nausea, warm or cold it’s great especially with lots of honey 🍯 🫖  (Also Eamon those retracting needles are the best eh?!?)
❤️🙏🏻❤️
Continued love and prayers. Sending you sunshine and peaceful thoughts. You got this Bec and Eamon, you are a rock. Stay strong friends. Love you guys💜💜💜💜💜
sending prayers 🙏& lots of love  to you both ❤  GOD BLESS ❤
Look up Joe Tippins(parasites the cause?), have a terminal cancer teen we are trying to see if we can extend her life. Praying for you 🙏 ❤
You are so brave and strong!🥰 I'm so happy you are sharing but I hope if you ever decide it's best for you to stop sharing you know that's okay and we will all be here still however long that wait may be. You don't owe sharing to any of us which I believe you know, but you are making a positive impact 🥰 I believe you will come out of this stronger and with even more joy😊
Sending our love. Keep staying strong. Appreciate for sharing your story during the hard time. Keep up the great videos and more travels.
I am cheering for you everyday Bec...you can do this...hugs for you and Eamon.
Sending love ,light and healing energy...if possible,  I hope you feel the virtual hug, I just sent...BTW, you look great in short hair..❤
You are strong and I know you will get through this.  I will continue to pray for a speedy recovery.
Much love, good thoughts, well wishes, prayers and unfailing HOPE for a healthy future for you my dear 💗💪🙏❤️‍🩹🌹
Sharing your experiences is a loving gesture. Accept the love and send it on. Prayers.
wow youre heir locks great, i like it like that. Bec stay strong, Eamon just be like you are, you are som good to Bec.
🙏 to both of you and 🐾 dogs are blessing
The day you first announced your cancer diagnosis on YouTube, I was scheduled for a mammogram that coming week. To be honest I was so anxious. At 75,  a woman’s chances of developing breast cancer goes up, not down. I was so anxious the day of my screening and the two days that followed, waiting for a call back. When my doc texted me that all was well, I thought of you and sat down and cried.  I feel like I’m with you on this journey through a woman’s hell, wishing you a full recovery and strength to see it through. Y’all helped me get through Covid with your wonderfully entertaining vids and now I’m here to hold your hands even if it’s only virtually. God bless.
Thinking of you every day Bec! Eamon too! Sending good vibes and healing for future chemo treatments 💖
You are so strong and have such a great mindset! The doctor seemed so compassionate and understanding of you both. Your mindfull quotes ''Everyday is a great day'' and ''What would make today great'' are inspiring. Sending you lots of loving energy!!
all the positive vibes Bec....remember...youre a warrior!
Praying for you and a successful and complete recovery. Your positive attitude and beautiful spirit will take you right through this. God bless you both 😍🙏
Eamon and bec...you are an inspiration to all of us. Thank you for showing us what you are going through. You are the most beautiful couple. Thank you for being you. We pray for you
So proud of you Bec 🥰 stay strong 💪
Hugs to both of you
Supporting you all the way Bec. You got this!!
sending both of you so much kindness, love and strength. Y’all are so brave and kind for sharing this journey with us ♥️
Everybody’s journey is different. Everybody’s acceptance is different. The outlook you guys have is amazing. I work in a cancer center here in the US. And I tell my patients all the time don’t compare your journey with anybody else’s because it’s not their story. Everybody book is written different.  As long as keep A positive outlook to me your already kicking it’s ass.  And never feel bad about how and why you tell your story. Because with the lifestyles you guys live with being more holistic and organic somebody may pick some thing up from your story that can help them with their cancer treatment.
Where did you find your head scarf ?  I had a terrible trauma from a botched kidney stone surgery that damaged my only kidney and a spinal injury that I had to relearn how to walk. Now, 4 months later I’m loosing all my waist length hair due to that trauma and an antibiotic that says a symptom is hair loss, because of a severe bladder infection. We have no idea if I will completely loose all of it or how much will grow back. At this point I’ve lost over 3/4 of my hair. Handfuls fall out every time I brush it. I was even traumatized with cutting hair to right above my shoulders. I’ve been trying to find cute scarfs and so far nothing appeals to me. Anywho, I’m praying for your healing. God has a plan for you so just lean into it and let in the healing. Hugs
Emond and Bec…God is always in control…. We are not… God allows things to happen to show us we are not in control….  Seek Gods face….  No why Jesus died on the cross for u as an act of love…. For u…
Thank you for sharing this journey. I believe that  there is something to learn many times over. I am thrilled your cabin and outside builds were finished. I know you wouldn't have lived in a van if you didn't buy your own place through all this. My prayers are with you both.
Don’t really know what to say Bec , it’s so emotional watching and listening to you and watching Eamon’s emotions as well . So all I can say is The world can be a cruel place at times but you’ve got the strength , heart and love to come through this and go on to lead a wonderful life leaving all this behind you . Bless you both ❤️
Continuing to pray for you Bec. Eamon do forget yourself. From experience I know a care giver needs their own care. Both of you take care of yourselves
Pressure bracelets help with the nausea. More natural and worked for me.
Your love and energy is so strong! Thank you sharing this journey with us. We wish you the best of luck and send you all the positive vibes. Ps. I totally agree - find yourself a man that cooks #marriedtoachef
i cried with you
You story will be most powerful for those about to or are already going through the cancer journey.  Thank you for sharing your bravery and boldly positive approach.  We are with you all the way!
It's so generous of you both to share this difficult journey. Love and prayers for you. ❤
My niece just had her third round of AC aka the red devil.  One more round of it and then four rounds of Taxol.
I have Multiple Sclerosis. The best thing I hear from my husband and closest friends, "we've got this!" I'm never alone. Eamon and Bec...we've got this!
i literally only found your channel a few weeks ago but every video update always makes me cry because you two are such beautiful souls and are so so strong. you have always brought so much joy to other ppl and i know you are both going to get through this
Sending so much love Bec and Eamon. I love how  your oncologist touched on the feelings of the partner. Bec…..I shed tears with you on this incredible video diary. Go hour by hour! Day- by-day ❤️❤️
E & B, sending tons of positive vibes to you both everyday! You are a champ Bec!  I’m in my 1st year of remission, fighting an aggressive cancer that has 40% 5 year survival rating. I totally get what you’re dealing with, but if anyone can fight the fight- YOU and EAMON can. We’re all here for you!
You all are an incredible team and the love and light from the universe will see you through this brutal journey. Just know your bravery and vulnerability are helping so many others. Lee is looking down on you and is pulling all the strings she can to help you recovery.💕
Lots of love lots of hugs and so proud of you both. Your strength encourages me and inspires me ❤️🙏🏼😊thank you sharing thank you for being vulnerable when it was just not easy. Be strong 💪 you got this you both got this😘
Are you serious? You really think that's smoke coming out if your car? That's vapour, you know that stuff that is produced when warm air (exhaust fumes which is warm from the combustion process) meets the cold air then it causes vapour. Just like when you breathe out
I love you so much EAMON & BEC. You’ve got this xxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Bec you are a champ and Eamon you  are a rock. I know this is not easy for bought of you. It breaks my heart to see you guys like this. My prayers are with you. I fell in love with you two years ago.  Love you guys. ❤ and proud of you guys.
Praying for you both constantly! Every day you get closer to being healed. Every day you are given gifts. Focus on the light that will continue to shine through these dark and challenging times. Sunshine always wins 🌞❤️☀️❤️☀️❤️☀️
GIRL YOUR BRINGING BACK THE BANGS ...... HONEST BEC YOU CAN PULL OFF ANY LOOK LONG HAIR SHORT HAIR NO HAIR ISNT GONNA CHANGE THE BEAUTY YOU RADIATE........
Sending love and healing sun ☀️ from Israel
My heart breaks for what you have to go through. And I'm happy to see how you love and support each other.
We love you bec <3333
Sending good and healing vibes your way!!!!😊
I think that I will cry through every video from here on out. Care for you guys so much. I call on 1000 Angels to be present with you throughout this journey. See ya Sunday 🤍
Bec and Eamon you too can get through this, though at times it will not be easy.  Give in to resting as much as your body wants, between getting up and doing small things that make you happy.  Eating food that appeals to you and lots of water to rush the drugs through you system as quickly as possible.  Let the coulda, shoulda, woulda, go.   That is my wish and prayer for you both.  At age 50 twenty one years ago my own cancer diagnoses of stage 2 and 6 months of chemo began.  Three years ago I found out that I'm now stage 4 with the breast cancer in all of my bones.  I have been driving, home with my own honey and our dogs and cat, this time taking 2 very small pills as treatment.  I'm still here.  Slowed down, but there is much to enjoy about life.  Whew this is difficult to watch but as a subscriber it seems important for me to join you on this journey.  My husband and I of 32 years are rooting for you during this thorny adventure.  Peace & Love, May you both do Well...
Sending love and big big hugs. Stay strong beautiful girl and keep fighting xx from the uk
I had 3 family members diagnosed with cancer in 2020. And a couple more diagnosed with different cancers. They all experienced different physical side effects and they all approached it differently mentally. They all approached it with positivity and acceptance but that looked different on all of them. I'm happy to say they are all in remission now. . Be graceful with yourself (Eamon too) . You're both going through a lot . Sending love and support
I work in medical research animal labs and every day I deal with different treatment studies for breast cancer and cancers alike to ensure the best options to help people like you fight and live life. I’m so inspired by your responses to every challenge you’ve faced in the last few years I’ve followed your journey, this is just a continuation of that strength. No one I know lives life as whole and full as you two and it’s incredible to see. YOUVE GOT THIS BEC
Drink a lot of raw beetroot juice as much as possible  pray for you xxx greetings xxx
i love you , you are so strong!!! good bless  ... and Amon you are just the most beatyful persen in the world you are there all the time !!!!!
I’m sort Eamon but I just had a dear friend pass from doing chemo/radiation too late…she was very healthy -yoga, runner, still holds the long jump record at our HS -1987- Lahr tried to fight female cancer holistically at first-and opted for chemo later and it was too late….love you guys
When you were talking about all the things you’ve been mindful about all I could think about is this is why it’s not worse. You’ve probably bought yourself way more than what you’re losing. Good luck through this journey.
Love love and more love for you both!!!
You are strong  and stay blessed
Hugs to you all.
Sending love and light to you both and Osso 💞💞💞💞💞
Bec, I admire you so much for always coming back to positivity. No one can be expected to go through what you're doing and be positive at all times, but you keep chosing to come back to that positivity, finding joy in the little things and that's really admirable. Sending good vibes to both of you ❤️
Much light and love for you two both! You deserve the best! Cheers from Chile 🇨🇱
You're a champ, Bec! Thank you for sharing!!
Bec, when Eamon held your face in his hands and told you you're beautiful i literally cried 🥺 I'm glad to see you have such wonderful support and a huge tribe of prayer warriors in your corner. You got this. We love you 🥰 -Lana
Keep going Bec your doing so so well 💗
😘
All the love, light & strength for both of you & everyone the rallys beside you. Thank you for trusting us with these moments. I really believe this is how our world heals. Also Burlington Bruce's & Bears checking in on Bec. My heart 💓
You got this Bec and it’s great you have a great nurse Named Eamon. ❤️❤️
You are so lucky tonhave each other🥰
You are both doing so well.  My hubby and I used to go out for dinner the night before chemo days, like a mini celebration.  I actually have good memories from that time, even though it was also really hard.  And my hubby is still here and going strong, 20 years later.  😊.   I am holding you both in my heart.
Seriously, start planning a trip for August/September - when you feel up to it- focus beyond your treatment journey. x
I just love your spirit. You’re an absolute tonic. Somehow you come away from your blogs feeling positive. You’re a fab little threesome. The best of luck and love from the U.K. xxx
Bec, You are a courageous woman‼️ A positive attitude is half of the healing process and you have the best glow in your heart. Eamon, You have such a gentle soul and Bec is blessed to have you by her side. I just know between the two of you, when all is done with this journey, Sunshine & Rainbows will be all around you both. Never forget how important you are to each other. God speed to you both!❤️🙏❤️🙏
All the best from Spain !
Scopolamine patches with ondasatron together makes and amazing combo for extreme nausea
Continued prayers for you, Bec & Eamon. And I'm in love with Oso. He reminds me of my late dog, Rebel.
I embrace you so much, I am close to you. I have a high familiarity for these diseases, I have lost siblings and parents and despite leading a healthy life, I continue every year to do check-ups to do a high prevention, for now I am very well, but I am afraid of getting sick. You are a strong person, I see that you are a fighter, strength and courage !!!♥
Awww Bec, I wish you did not have to go through this, it hurts my heart so much. I am sending you love, and compassion in this tough time. Yeah its a trip that you eat so well, live in a lovely clean place and then cancer. Bless your beautiful bones and may we all live forever.
You both are just amazing...really incredible. Sending you all the positive energy I can. Thank you so much for sharing your journey with us. I truly believe that is it beneficial to everyone. and we are all with you, crying and laughing.
Bec, my heart goes out to you.  My 35 year old niece is going thru treatment for breast cancer right now.  HUGS ❤
xoxoxoxo
Love and prayers for you, for your healing and peace of mind💕💐💕💐💕💐💕💐💕💐💕💐💕💐💕💐
You are such a warrior. Thank you for sharing your journey with us. Love and light to you both.
You both inspire me so much and in a way I feel as if I know you. Thinking about you literally everyday, sending positivity, healing energy and strength your way!
Emond may God bless u and keep you…. Through Jesus amen!
Hi 👋 I know its scary   I understand I had ovarian cancer  I had 6 rounds  of chemo  I believe in goodness life  peace  and just know your going to be okay and cozy  pajamas  are perfect  to go in with your own cozy blanket too
Stay strong you are amazing.
Love you guys and sending so much love
Bec your in my prayers.. so sad seeing you be so sick 😔 emon what a great job your doing as a caretaker .. lots and lots of get well hugs go out to you both ♥️
Love and light to you both. You live in a beautiful, healing environment. Stay strong! ❤️ Oso has your back, too. 🐕
All muy love tu you guys 🙋💕
We're so honored to be on this journey with you. You have an amazing spirit and your outlook is inspiring. Our hearts are full of love that we are sending your way from just kilometers away in Kitchener. We hope you're getting all the rest you need and giving yourself all the grace you deserve after your second treatment. ❤❤❤
I'm not a religious person but I am sending positive thoughts every day. You guys have brought so much positive energy over the years and I am thinking of you everyday!
Bec all I can say is Jesus loves u…. He is calling u to Him… and I will pray for you always and forever in the Spirit of God, throw Jesus amen
Hey you guys. Hang in there. Your in my prayers.
Sending prayers, love and hugs to you both from Tennessee. 🙏❤️🙏
You don’t know how strong you are until you have to be. Your heart can only grow from this intense experience. I have faith that you will turn the trauma of this into something beautiful and meaningful one day because that’s who you are! One foot in front of the other, one day at a time.  Love to you both ❤️❤️❤️
Praying for you both. Love you both & sending hugs.
WAIT, I just remembered you ere also trying to have a baby! I got so wrapped in in wishing you well through all this that I just remembered the treatments for getting pregnant, Did that have to be put off?
Although I already know how difficult this treatment is, I hope your recovery is as quick as it can be. x
You are both so strong , you are beautiful souls on mother earth to be teachers by your example . My husband Dave and I are mantra musicians for all the earthlings and the Kundalini yoga community . We are Kundalini certified yoga instructors that focus on healing with the power of your own frequency of your own voice . This mantra that I am about to share with you is the same mantra that Buddha , Jesus Christ and others like them , learned in their studies when they travelled seeking the spiritual knowledge . This mantra is called " Siri Gaitri " , it is a meditation that you do , with a mudra which is your thumbs pressed down on your index finger on your knees, you repeat this chant / mantra as we sing it to you here  and , it connects you to the frequency of peace all within your body . This video is our version but you can find this mantra with other mantra musicians here or if you would like a extended version I can provide that for you as well . Just remember to sit in easy pose or with your legs  crossed as you do this mantra . My blessing and thoughts of healing for both of you is always present , everytime I watch this experience you share , I feel empathy , and just start to cry with you . I know we don't know eachother personally but I can just tell we are the same , we are one . blessings I love you ~ MaryAnn 4rm Zero   Here is the link to the music video .  https://youtu.be/s4hYloWq7kY
Sending you both love, light and strength. ❤️
You two are such special humans!  Everyday I am sending healing light and love your way!
I’m so sorry you are going through this but thank you for sharing your story. We will pray for you ❤️
Bec, you can truly make it through anything! You have such a beautiful and powerful spirit and all I can say is that you got this ❤️
You got this seriously rooting for you over the time I’ve watched you guys you have changed my life big time and I appreciate that so much that it frustrates me seeing you two going through this and knowing I can’t do anything but serious WE are all here for you both and I honestly wish you the best and im sending you all my love and support guys love you so much thank you for just existing ❤️
🤎🤎🤎🤎🤎🤎❤❣
Silver linings suck. You got cancer and that’s absolutely shit. But a moment to be greatful for is that if you got cancer this time 3 years ago you wouldn’t have a proper home to sit and rest in. You’d be in your van or staying as a guest in someone else’s house.  What’s meant to be will be and when something shit happens to me I just say “this time next year will be different”. - this time next year, you’ll be cancer free and probably doing some crazy fundraising event for breast cancer with your beautiful new hair and your sexy hand picked boobies.
I can’t wait the winter be gone, so the spring comes!!! Stay strong guys!!!
Love and support to you both! Love and light! Xoxo
My thoughts and prayers are with you you guys have an amazing Channel we have missed seeing your videos you're an amazing couple and I love seeing your Channel I will keep praying for you
Our Dog is always looking for play dates, we are in K’town as well.  Good luck Bec! Thinking of you!
Thank you for keeping it real, I'm caring for my daughter who's the same age as Bec and she was diagnosed with  Melanoma brain cancer just before Christmas. I feel your strength and your fragility as I accompany my daughter on the same road. Love to you both and positive thoughts.
Sending yous both nothing but love and positivity 💛
thinking of you both daily, sending lots of love, strength and positive energy ❤️
Hey Beca (preferit over Bec),  I know you will be alright and give Eamon 4 children.  You will love each other profusely for the next 60 years.  And from time to time drive each other crazy.  Make sure to have at least a daughter, so he melts with her.
Love you both, sweeties!   I’m praying for your strength and encouragement.  Big hugs to you all…and your families.  You absolutely deserve to be proud of yourself!
I can't seem to find the words to say how thankful I am to you both for allowing us to be a part of such an intimate, frightening journey for you both. Thank you. x
You two are an amazing couple in your support of each other and for sharing your healing journey with all of us. Praying for all the healing 💗💗💗💗💗💗
Do NOT get Implants!! Research BII=Breast Implant Illness..it IS a Thing!! They are foreign (posion) to your Body.  Full of Chemicals!! By you adding them to your body, ALL your "Organic" habits are Useless!! Another must (that No One  mentions), you Have to swish or chew your juices/smoothies. It will absorb into your body (via mouth) and activate your digestive system/enyzmes; instead of going directly into your stomach when guzzled..  Which is what everyone does. (No benefit of absorbing nutrition). You need to contact a Nautropathic Practioner..
Love you guys! Bec you look gorgeous with the new hair cut. Many thoughts and prayers your way. Stay strong! 🙏❤️
I'm so in love with both of your positivity and connection.  Both of you have been on my mind everyday so I've been checking your Instagram for updates. I pray my daughter finds a man like Eamon...he's so supportive you know. Bec you are so strong and for me crying can be a sign if strength too. Virtual hugs all the way from Carrollton Texas ❤️ ❤️ ❤️
Hahah dog is a mamas boy the way he ran after her when she had to get out the car
You got this.
May i also comment on how beautifully and gracefully you both share this story with all of us. 🌺
May Jesus surround both of you with the Golden light of Healing and love. I know you are so strong and will make it through this.🌻🌻🌻🌸🌷🥀🥑🍍🍒🥝🍉 🌄⛲
Beautifully tastefully recorded and my heart goes out to the two of you. This is a tough situation to be in and you’re both being so very strong, which is a rare but beautiful thing to see. You’re both going though this together. Eamon may not be getting the liquid sunshine, but believe me when I say, he’ll be feeling every drop you get because his love is so very much trying to draw the badness out of you to heal you. He is devastated by this and doesn’t want anything bad to happen to you. He is an awesome man who is facing a terrifying journey with the love of his life. But you both couldn’t be in better hands or a better place. ❤️
Bec, Eamon and Oso - sending you big love and energy today. Thank you for sharing your journey and bravery. How you love life in the toughest moments is just absolutely beautiful and inspiring. xoxo - Louisville, Kentucky
sending all of my love to the both of you. with love there is quite simply nothing you can’t do. Bec you’re a true inspiration to me, and Eamon you are the epitome of selfless. let’s go get this liquid sunshine. even though I wish I could do more, know that you both are so deeply covered in thoughts and good wishes.  love from a stranger (:  Kate
Sending lots of love and prayers to both of u
Eamon watching Bec walk away into the hospital 😭😭😭😭😭
You are a warrior! Good job! Wishing you all the greatest things and sending you pure love energy!
We love you and send all positive thoughts and vibes. Keep strong you can do it!!!!
Lots of love and strength. You are ate with us in thoughts. Love Ton and Andrea
❤ AC chemo is super strong.  I am 6yrs post breast cancer treatment and doing well thankfully but of all the chemos I took AC kicked by butt the most.  Go gentle w yourself- sleep, eat good food as you can, hydrate, and when emotions and brain fog come try to remember that it will pass.  It can all be quite overwhelming and scary to feel yourself so differently and it is accumaltive too.  Just go easy and be.  Love to you.
THANK YOU FOR SHARING YOUR JOURNEY. SENDING BIG HUGS, WELL WISHES AND POSITIVE ENERGY TO YOU BOTH!!
you two are a beautiful team and your dog friend is a ray of sunshine! The short hair looks great ;-)
Sending healing hugs you are both wonderful xx
Sending lots of love and support. Bec I think about you a lot, I wonder how you're doing and hope that you are feeling ok. You have lots of amazing support and love surrounding you, and you WILL get through this.
Hello, sweet Eamon, Bec and Oso doggy ! Bec, you're a beauty with your short hair, and I really guess that even hairless you'd be even more beautiful than Demi Moore was in the movie Navy Seals ! You're as beautiful inside as your are outside. You can be proud of yourself, you deal with your healing journey with intelligence and wisdom. I have no doubt that your body is making the most of the liquid sunshine to beat cancer. Keep praying for you both, that you be surrounded with peace, strength, and love, in good days as in difficult ones. Bisou de France
♥️♥️♥️
Your strength and resilience is awe-inspiring. Watching this entire community rallying around you is a beautiful reminder of humanity's greatest strength: Love. Wishing you guys so much love and joy in your future. You got this Bec! <3
You are both so incredibly strong, my heart goes out to you. Oso is an actual angel.
Oh dear. Be brave! Pass the slalom gates in you head a few days days before they will happend. What is the difference between your treatment and a kind of X-Ray treatment that causes almost burn marks on the skin?
Sending you both loads of positive vibes!
your positivity throughout all of this has been so admirable, you're doing amazing! even though these are challenging times for the both of you, as well as your families and internet family, watching your videos fills me with so much gratitude and positivity. i know your videos may not always be positive as you navigate this health journey and that is absolutely okay, you deserve a safe space to feel validated in all of your emotions and this community is behind you every step of the way! ❤️❤️❤️
You can do this … I just wanted to pass on something  my oncologist told me .Be careful with juicing and health drinks while going through chemo. You’re working to kill the bad cells , healthy drinks protect good cells and possibly they could protect the bad cells as well stick to water that’s the best thing for you while going through chemotherapy.
Thank god you guys have the house rather than just the van in in this time. What a great environment to be able to heal in. Hope everything goes well for you guys.
Guys always got me crying on Sunday mornings. I’m proud of you too.
Love you so much!!! ♥️💖 What you are sharing is soooo precious to me helping me on my healing journey and my heart goes with you!! Thank you from the bottom of my heart 💖 have no words indeed to express my deepest gratitude and love 🌟 Keep up you are so amazing!
Dear Eamon and Bec, I found you guys initially through youtube recommendations, but you guys immediately became my favourite van lifer/youtuber and even went all the way back to your first van build videos and start watching your journey. You guys to this day are still one my favourite youtubers. It's unfortunate that Bec is going through this hard times, but I really hope you guys the best of time and I will continue watching your videos regardless. Wish Bec's treatment goes as smooth as possible, and I will follow along this journey with you guys.
I've been through AC. It's not easy. There are definitely several reasons that adriamycin is called Red Devil. It is not fun. I relate so much to everything you said and went through. I was diagnosed with triple negative breast cancer in 2020 and wrote a blog to keep friends and family updated and informed. I love that you are doing this as a vlog. I remember how comforting is was to feed a couple blog/websites from women who had been through the same thing. It made me feel less alone. Keep sharing, and keep healing!
💗
Bec your hair looks adorable.   Eamon I take offense to your comment about pharmaceutical Co. If it wasn't for them I wouldn't be here , I was diagnosed 3 years ago with stage 4 lung cancer.  I have noticed that you guys eat all the right foods and Bec still contracted cancer.   You need to rethink your opinion about just what may save Becs life.
I think you should get in touch with Charles Trippy from @ctfxc family vlog. He is part of a group of people going through similar situations and he vlogged his whole experience and surgery
Eamon, bec stay positive ❤️ my mom had ovarian cancer and it was hard but my mom stayed so positive even threw out her treatments. When she did her chemo she always prayed and her faith kept her positive. After a year and her surgery she’s cancer free and living good. Cancer is scary but stay positive guys ❤️
Sending you lots of healthy and healing vibes.  You got this!   Love your new fur baby!
Just proves that eatting meat isnt nessacery bad for you. If your going get ill what you eat has nothing to do with it. Fingers crossed you beat cancers ass a would get some canabis oil into your diet not the stuff you get through your doctor the illegal stuff and get a magic butter machine to process it! Cant use it in alsort. Might get bit upset bye this comment. But a would illegally like to live! Than legally die. Not saying you will. Just sharing my opinion on the subject!
Sending you both love and strength.  Praying and sending you positive energy everyday❤️
Awesome videos love you guys soo much
Maybe cancer loves healthy bodies?
Bec you are an absolute rockstar and a beautiful goddess. Eamon, you are an incredible partner. You both are so strong and are doing such an amazing job handling what life is throwing at you. We love you and support you 100000%. Keep shining so bright. Namaste you stunning souls. 💐
Why am i crying, I really want you to be okay and i really want me to be ok too. I lost my mom to breast cancer, but she was much older and didn't approach it as you are.
Frickin’ criminal that Eamon can’t be there with her! I’m a nurse and I honestly feel that Covid has so much to answer for. No pts should be facing this stuff alone! Bec is a beautiful person, a warrior 🥰❤️🙄
Aw Bec! You can do it!! After a medical issue, I had 6 months of nausea, pain, no energy and could hardly stand. The days in bed are hard but mentally, with loving family/friends and prayers, you can totally get through it! There is a light at the end of tunnel, pain always passes!
You are both on my mind so much. Prayers and positive thoughts are going your way as you go through this journey. ❤️
You are both amazing and brave!
Eat as little sugar and carbs as possible.. protein is not the best either. Natural fats (not seed oils) are ok. But try to water fast as much and for as long as you can. Maybe some quality supplements. Your body is much better at handling "no food" than what the cancer is.
This might sound weird to say to people I haven't met, but after all these years, I guess I kinda love you guys!!  I am appreciative of you sharing this with us, but I would hate for you to feel that you are forced to do that in any way.  Yes - I am worried about you Bec.  Yes - I want to know how you are getting on. Yes - I love watching your videos (the cloud was stunning, the scenery is amazing, Oso is a gorgeous cuddle boy). But I don't want you making videos to be at the detriment of yours or Eamon's physical or mental health. Promise me that if it gets too much you will just stop - all of the community will understand, as we just want the best for you. Sending you blessings, healing vibes, e-hugs and all things happy and joyful 🐕💐🌱🦋🌞✨️
Bec, I am grateful for you +++ your honesty and sharing the hard and the easy, brings so much meaning to each breath we are given, YOU are so beautiful 🌹 +++ St. Agatha watch over this little one +++ ♥️
Eamon❤Bec❤ God Bless🙏
Healing love from Iowa
I would love to give you two a huge hug. I am so proud of you all. I see fatigue, sadness. but also 2 people who love and support each other so dearly. I wish you all the happiness in the world.
Bec, you are so strong and beautiful inside and out, you've got this. Eamon, you sir, are a rock star! Sending tons of love and prayers to you both and your bear, Oso, came to you at just the right time. Hugs and thank you both for sharing this hard journey with us.
Your a beautiful and strong lady.  Who has a rock for a husband.  My prayers for both of you...
Sending all of the healing energy your way, guys <3
Sending you all the positive vibes ✨✨✨🌞✨🌞✨🌞✨🌞
Thinking of you both all the time. You're gonna get through this, I just know it. Big big love! 💕 xxxx
Thanks for the update. Thinking of you guys ❤️
Both of you are doing amazing! Sending you so much hope and healing energy your way! You´ve got this!
Lots of healing LOVE from me! You're in my thoughts and in my heart! Hugs and kisses and courage and warmth to you both❤❤
GOD PLEASEWITH BEC AND GET HER THROUGH THIS HEALTHY. WE LOVE THEM AND THEY ARE YOUR CHILDREN AND LOVE YOU TOO!!
I love that Eamon already is a hero in the kitchen and can keep you healthy with good food!  You are making excellent choices and have a wonderful support system.  Eamon, Bec is going through so much that you really can't dump on her. She is your partner and your support and confidante, but now is not the time. You are probably already talking with your friends who have been through supporting a partner through cancer... but if you are not, please do it. You need support too and to let all your feelings and frustrations out and they will get it and be able to help. Please take care of you so you can take care of Bec. You are an amazing man!  I am praying for you both. Thank you for updating us!
Bec and Eamon… we’re with you on this journey in spirit and sending all positive energy to you during this time. Much much love 💕
OMW...I have been waiting for this video! My Wife and I are so concerned...thank you for the update!
healing prayers to you both
I am grateful you live in Canada (health care).  I am grateful you have a beautiful home to live in & am not in the middle of construction.  I am grateful you have Eamon there to support you.  Grateful you’ve got puppy love.  I am so old that I was a graduate of KGH…. So positive vibes to you as I still remember the view of the lake…you are beautiful…
So much love for you guys . I can't say more just know that I am rooting for you all the way .
I am praying for you Bec and Eamon. I lost family to cancer and was a support system for 2 of them. Rest and take care of yourself because you have a very big supportive group of people thinking about you. Thank you so much for the update and May God bless you all.  🙏
I absolutely love this video. Sharing this journey with the world is so wonderful of you two. Chemotherapy is one of the hardest things to ever go through I went through so many treatments lost my hair but having a a great support system is the best. Take your time recovering listen to your body. Stay safe we love you all so much
Thank you for sharing your cancer journey.  I am struck by the fact that this journey you are on is grieving losses that were such an important part of your every day life. The loss of everyday certainty for physical and emotional health is painful.  Remember it's ok to not be OK as you grieve this journey.  Love and prayers.  NJTT
💚💚💚
Stay strong 💪🏻.
I just noticed that you guys have a daydreamer hanging from your rear View mirror. I have one too I got it December 2020, if you remember that was during quarantine. My son and I took a trip from Illinois where we live to California. We went in a van and because I watch your show. I knew how to contact places for us to stay in free places for us to stay overnight. Friends have asked me why do you have a dream catcher in your car. They say isn’t it supposed to drive all way your bad dreams, nightmares. I just look at them and say, you know that’s not real right.  It doesn’t really drive your bad dreams away. It’s just a superstition, so I have it in my car.  Glad to see someone else has a dream catcher in their car too.  I am praying for both of you. I’m praying for healing and strength. I have a best friend who went through this so I understand the ups and downs. Anyway I love watching you guys.
Showing her struggles and weaknesses on camera truly is a testament to how incredibly strong and brave she is. I hope you guys truly understand what this means for us and for everyone that is going through this. You are both such a light.
I am so grateful that Oso is in your lives, he is like a little love bear.
Thinking of you guys , that dog is a great therphy for you , he will comfort you on your bad days ,
Sore throat? 8 ounces of warm water, 1/4-1/2 measure teaspoon of salt. Stir till dissolved. Gargle. This is from The Mayo Clinic.
I’ve been through this journey with my mom and my husband.  My heart is with both of you ❤️
I spent 6 months, 8 lots of chemotherapy so I know/what it’s like. I’ve been clear now for 10 years and I’ve spent every day researching. If you would like me to help with your research journey I would be more than happy. One day at a time is all you can do. I’m here if you need to talk 😁 be 💪🏻
Continuing to pray for total restoration of your body and mind. ❤️ you guys.
I continue to think of you guys daily and sending you love, hugs and prayers, I’m thankful you have a loving partner in Eamon. I’m always so glad to see when there’s a new vlog from you guys. Proud of you both. Bear is a beautiful friend too. Looking forward to you saying you’re cancer free!
Sending you prayers, love, and positive vibes. Bec, you got this! Eamon,  you truly rock! ❤️🥰
💕You both are so brave!!  Much Love❣
Thanks for showing the red pee 🤣 I was so so curious
Bec ❤
No adequate words to say .Just a remote hug for two very special people and both of your families.
Proud of you. Thank you for sharing your journey. Praying for both of you. Please keep sharing the up and the down. ❤❤
You may feel:  Uncertain but you are positive Drained but you are strong. Vulnerable but you are unstoppable. Dreary but you are BEAUTIFUL. Love & prayers to you, Eamon and wonderful Oso bear!
Thanks for sharing this with us. We are all standing behind you💜 if you need more hair for your wig, I cut of a lot of my hair a while ago and I would love to send it to you.  I think everything that happened till 2020, like having your beautiful cabin and now your dog, is something that now gives you your own space with a stunning surrounding, so that you can heal and rest as your body needs it. And having the dog now is probably not only great for you, but also for Eamon, so that he gets out.  I’m so proud of you Bec and I’m preying for 💜Katy
I wish I could hug you guys and let you know  how much I love y’all!!!!!’!!! 🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰 And your optimism is astounding ,  I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT !!!!!!!!
I was on my cancer journey in 2019 and watching your europe vlogs really made me happy and hopeful. I remember thinking “it’s crazy how different our lives are” and reminding myself that life is full of ups and downs and I will have my time of ups again. My cancer journey was “ending” in February of 2020. The cancer is “gone” and now we watch and wait. I have never related to you two more than these last few months. You are both so strong and incredible. Even in the lows you still inspire me! ❤️
Good luck Bec iM sure you guyS will get through this, not sure if fostering dogs is a good idea I’m on the fence with this, the dog gets attached to you and then you give him up to another owner not sure that this is so great for dogs, they definitely have feelings as well
Ginger for nausea. Lots of green juices. Absolutely no fruits or any natural sugars. Lemons are okay. Will be praying!!! 💟💟💟🙏
we love you both ❤sending you only love and good thoughts 💞
Man I want to live where ever you friends do. Truly beautiful!
Look up reliefband for nausea
Super inspirational! Thank you so much for sharing these hard moments with us all. You are truly a SUPERWOMAN!! Sending you much healing energy!!! ❤️
I know that you are sometimes holding things back and it just makes you more amazing,  you are so beautiful and your liquid sunshine will definitely be the healing process you need. Can't wait for you to be finished with all this and I'm sure everyone is proud of you as you are of yourself.  Red pee is so wierd but normal so that's the good thing  PS the hair is absolutely stunning,  it really suits you, but I think any hair style will suit you because you have excellent bone structure, my friends hair grew back curly so that was something she loved 😍
You are strong  and  will get through this and be even stronger.
Prayers go up blessings come down. You will never be given anything you can’t handle if you believe in yourself and those you love. Tip: when I get sick and throw up, I use zip lock bags. I can seal them and toss them. I know plastic isn’t the best but clean up is easy. Hang in there little camper as we say in Nebraska.
Sending prayers and healing vibes for you both
I love you guys so much! Your so genuine and sweet and caring. I wish I could hug you both. Absolutely beautiful watching your love for each other.
Bec a few things…. 1-This journey will bring you and Eamon even closer together (it did with my husband and I). 2- After every treatment I told my husband that I couldn’t do another and go through all of that again , but I did!  And you can too!  3- Have fun with wigs, especially because it’s so cold where you are they really help keep your head warm.  4- Bear is such a love, you guys need to be his forever home.  He will help you through treatment too…so much unconditional love! And lastly I’m praying for you and sending all the light and love that i can your way!  #yougotthis♥️
Sending my love 💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻😃💓
You're both an INSPIRATION to all of us! Of course some days are going to be harder....that's apart of life. This is another journey that's you're both meant to go through. It's like leveling up the soul in this journey of life because yea, you don't deserve this! You're gaining so many life points right now. I love you guys ❤️
Your grateful attitude will see you through Bec! Incredibly hard journey that you will win. You and Eamon are incredible.  Love and care for one another.  1 Thessalonians 5:16-18 should give you strength.  God bless!!
Big hug guys!❤️❤️❤️
Thank god you have each other💕you have such an army of us here for you! Virtual hug for you both!🎀💕
courage
We all believe in you.  My aunt a few months ago had noticed a lump on there breast to they went to get it checked out and they where diagnosed with stage 3 breast cancer. Fast forward to now, she’s survived living strong and growing back her hair and still a amazing mother to her 3 amazing children.
YOU BOTH ARE SUCH STRONG HUMANS THANK YOU 💜🙏🏼💜
(and Eamon; like the doc said, its a tough journey for you both - tons of love!)
Sending you both lots of love. Thank you for opening our hearts through your journey together. It's beyond words the intimacy I feel and the way this touches my heart and soul. Your love for each other is being polished by this sojourn and it's so beautiful to see. Blessings, blessings, and thank you so much for sharing this with us. So much love, Grace in Sri Lanka ❣️🌺❣️🌺
Bec, it’s very brave of you to share your journey as you navigate through your chemotherapy treatments. While it’s emotional to watch the roller coaster ride that treatment brings it’s also beneficial in understanding what treating cancer really looks like.  Thank you so much for taking the time to document this challenging time in your life. I can see it’s not easy on you or Eamon but your positivity is definitely going to help you get through it.
Hello, is wonderful to look and feel the love for each other. My message is I believe that we have the wisdom to cure ourself, the power, light, source is deeper in us. Mother nature have all the necessary herbs to cure any illness that we created in our body..I am completely opposite to this ""chemotherapy " therapy.. Mexico have many places that cure cancer with herbs. and many other countries to. I really don't understand the choice that you are both making. but I respect you both and send my light and protection. the same light that is in me is in both of you.  Namaste
Mama, Parents? Do we have a foster fail? 😍 I do believe he will help your healing journey.  Such good timing.  He looks part mastweiler & something else. He is trained?!  Amazing.  Ooo, thanks for the greens reminder.  Need those neuts today.   You can make a wig out of your own hair? That's a great idea actually, if affordable. Sharing your story will help so many others getting ready to go through the same.  You are so awesome. I cried so hard when you walked in the building by yourself. 🥺 Why is the pee red? Never knew & looking it up now.  Are you open to cannabis? It always makes me feel better when I'm nauseous or feel crappy.  Might help those first few days after treatment.  We love you too!  You are so strong and amazing.  #TeamBec
This whole video is 🥺 but 14:00 had me teary eyed. Thank you for sharing your journey, beautiful people 🤗
Your not this mind your not this body... you are your spirit... no chemo can touch your spirit
You are amazing ! All my Love to you both! ❤❤
We´re with you Beck! Lots of love and energy from Alabama!
I think it is just bad luck, you'll drive yourself crazy looking for a reason, sometimes shit happens and it's just shit, but you have to get on with it. My cancer was caused by immunosuppressants I take for my kidney transplant, but I got 20 years off dialysis. I'm now 3 years cancer free, treatment didn't go to plan and I don't think it ever does, but I got there in the end.
Oh god, cried so much. I just finished my cancer journey and i can related so much to your feelings. My heart is with you...
🙏💞🙏💞
You are amazing. I pray for you.
Love and Prayers ✌️
🥰🥰🥰
I was prescribed  steroids and odansetron antiemetic with my chemo and it really worked to keep nausea at bay .
I can feel you my friend! Love Rebecca to Beck
Bec you will find your flow. Sheit days and then some good days. I think Bear has some heal vibes. Sending you lots of love and healing thoughts to you both xx 🥰🥰🥰. From Scotland 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿
Hey girl mindset. You’ve got this. 💖💖💖I love your dog. Dogs are so therapeutic. I hope you keep him 👍🏻💖😍
Hang in there, I was diagnosed at 38 and did the chemo followed by radiation treatments.  I stayed positive and continued to ride my bike and work. Now 24 years later it came back, but I am once again well.  Hang in there as you know life is a journey and for some of us it includes cancer. Always stay positive even after the tears :)
Please keep this dog for yourselves....he'll bring you both comfort through this journey of cancer
I’m sooooo proud of you Bec and Eamon
My mom was diagnosed with Stage 1 breast Cancer last year at the age of 73.  Even though the cancer was caught early is was still a very hard thing for her and our family to go through because of the C word. She was lucky to had the cancer removed and did some heavy doses of Radiation.  She never looked back and is living cancer free.  I have always been a very positive happy person and that is my only advice for people going through this is allow that positive energy out towards the ones you love and they will receive it as healing energy.  My prays and thoughts are with you & Eamon and all your family as you go through this.
Hi E&B, missed you guys and thought about you a lot. Thank you for sharing & taking us with you. It’s so worth being on this difficult journey bc in the end it can & will save your life. Whatever we can do to lessen your burden I’m up for. For now sending positive vibes and beseeching the universe on your behalf. Love you guys.
So so proud of you guys! 💛💛
So good to see you guys!  Thanks so much for checking in.  Been praying for you and sending healing vibes your way!!!!  Love your hair!!!
Sending you both love and luck ❤
You two are Rockstars! Watching this has made me realize how important it is to slow down and enjoy every moment we have on this beautiful planet. Sending so much love to the both of you. Keep positive, mind over body. I know you'll both pull through this and be all the more stronger to face whatever challenges lay ahead. Chemo sucks, I know but keep strong and keep supporting one another like you are. You are such an inspiration. Thanks for sharing this intimate part of your life with us, you don't know how much it means to so many of us. Xxx
My wife was super healthy too.  It makes no sense. But in the 1970's it was a death sentence. Now, when detected early, it's almost a medical miracle. Bug every female in your life,  to get tested regularly.  All that you are going thru is rough though. No doubt about it.
nuts are enzyme inhibitors destroying healing enzymes.  shouldnt eat nuts or any processed foods with cancer.  live aw organic fruits live raw organic veggies salads. juicing carrots apples several a day.  this enzyme flushing triggers yourcellular level into healing and reboots your immune systems to stop cancer cells  google gerson foods  pdf he spent 30 years, before he died, testing all foods drinks,  on his cancer patients testing everything that helped healing or harmed it.
Your hair looks delightful.
i am so glad you guys have oso and hope he stays for a long time! it is so wonderful to have a dog to help you along. for bec and eamon as well. dogs really know when we need them and can make a world of difference! love you guys
❤️❤️
Sending love and healing vibes!!
Thanks for sharing such a difficult situation!!
I lost my grandma to cancer and it means a lot knowing that your staying so positive about everything
I'm keeping you both in my heart and prayer's!
❤
Sending both of you so much love and healing energy. 💜
❤️ You got this 🎀 Bec!!💪 #davesandersstepdaughter 🇺🇲
Sending you all much love … Oso Bear was sent to you I’m sure of that  .. you’re all doing so well big hugs .. Nats 🥰xxx
💗
To help write down the things you are grateful for
Beautiful,loving and supportive couple. You've got this 💪💛
Thank you for sharing your journey, you’ll be in my prayers!
You are both so brave and generous of heart. Thank you for sharing the most personal of experiences. Blessings to you!
It is incredibly powerful to see the bond you both share, wishing you happy and healthy weeks to come.
I was touched by your video. But more blown away by Eamon had never been in a bookstore.(Generation moment there.) I live in them.(But I'm sure Eamon is quicker on a computer then me.) I love this big dog you have! He's got an "old soul vibe and truly loves you both.....accept his bear hugs freely. Bec, you are such a warrior. My heart breaks for both of you and not letting Eamon in the hospital. Your so brave and Eamon  you have to be freezing in that car. Good for both of  you to journal. Please Eamon find a men's group to talk with. I send lots of love your way. Stay in the light.
I pray for you both daily xxx sending love from   sunny Barbados. Liquid sunshine made me smile and I thought of Pink's song.... cover me in sunshine... everything's gonna be alright 👍
I love that you kept Bear!
More Virtual Hugs!!!
Wishing you well. I learned at 16 that cancer doesn't discriminate, all you can do is your best <3
YOU GOT THISSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
💗💗💗
I’m impressed you put this online.You are a very brave soul.Love and prayers for you and Eamon.
Shoe chains! Very cool
Yor’e so strong Bec 💛🧡
Your love story is beautiful. Sending lots of healing prayers, love , and light. xoxo
Bec is a freakin' superstar ❤❤❤❤❤ you're (yall) are going to be the best advocates when Bec IS CURED. 🕺💃😊😆🤘
We love you and have great respect for what you do. we wish all the best and send many sunshine days for you two.
Such an emotional watch this week. I think I mentally prepare myself each and every time you post that it’s going to be a bit of a ride. So proud and honoured to watch the journey unfold, and can I just say the music so effortlessly matches the feelings of this video. Keep your chins up you two❤️
Sending you two positive vibes and love. Oso is such a sweetheart, definitely a great addition to the family at this time when you need that unconditional love. Eamon and Bec you got this💕💕
Sending so much love to both you and Eamon <3. My mom had the same cancer as you and went through this process when I was in middle school. She had reconstruction after and everything and now she's 20 years cancer free! You've got this!! Thank you for sharing your journey with us, through all the good and bad times. I know the last 2 years has been very tough for both of you but from my experience, it just makes you more resilient as a person. You are so strong but it is okay to also have down moments, every feeling is so valid through your journey. Wishing you love, light and happiness <3
Hugs and walks are the best. I’ll choose to be grateful for those things too today. You are both amazing inside and out! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Sending all the healing wishes
Sending you the best vibes!!!!! You CAN DO THIS 💪☀️💛
Love you honey. Keep praying and believing. ❤️😘🌎✌🏼
Hi @Bec OMG it’s so good seeing you beautiful. Praying God mighty healing hands touch you from the crown of your head and to the sole’s of your feet. This battle is not yours it’s the Lords💪🏾👑✊🏾💝💖💝Lord touch Eamon and give him guidance, wisdom, peace, patience, and strength💪🏾👑✊🏾
Manifesting an easy journey for you eamon and Bec :( Love you both
I was thinking about you guys this morning.  Thank you for sharing your first visit to wellness.  Prayers always and love
Love you Bec.
Thank you for sharing. It is very helpful. I have been diagnosed with breast cancer the same day you were. So I'm feeling connected 😌.  I haven't started treatment yet because the hospitals here in Washington are full of Covid19 patients. I am having surgery before chemo. My surgery is the 23rd. I am so scared 😱   but knowing I am not going through this alone is helpful. Good luck and stay positive. 🥰
Darlin" I send you big hugs. Loads of love and light. I walked this path also.. the red pee... Nausea... Et al.  When you find yourself at the low, to occupy my heart and mind ( to keep from going dar) I would recite the hawaiian prayer; I love you I'm sorry Please forgive me Thank you Over and over.  It gave me much relief ❤️
You both are so strong! I love your energy 💕 and I hope Oso will forever stay in the family not just a foster pup😩 love you guys so much and sending all the positive and good energy your way!🤍💪
You Look prettier with the short bobb. May God bless  with very good health, after the treatment
You will be in my prayers.
Dearest Bec and Eamon and Oso, too~Sending you so much love and light. You continue to amaze with your grace and positivity. XO~Cass
You guys are an inspiration.  Bec, your strength and honesty is truly awesome, and I am positive you will find your way through.  Eamon, to see your support for Bec touches my heart, what an amazing couple  you are.  I am also so pleased to see you have Bear alongside you.  Sending much love and hugs.  ❤️
Don't worry Bec i went thought this to with my brother he was diagnosed with leukemia at the age of 1. we were all scared for him but one day they gave us the news that was going to have to get out of chemotherapy and he would be fine and thanks to the doctor  and to my mom that never let him down even thought she was sick she was sill with him at all  time .  I believe that Eamon will do the same and never let you down when you need him the most .🙏🙏🙏🙏
Thank you, once again, for sharing your personal journey. I'm inspired by, and proud of, both of you, I'm sending a big hug in my heart your way.
If we, as a community, can do anything for you to support you, just let us know! ♡
Guys, I sent you a message on Instagram about one book.  It is called 'Chris Beats Cancer' by Chris Wark.  I think you would find it very useful and maybe some answers and insights would come too.  Love & blessings to you guys ❤️❤️❤️
Continuing to think of you both….❤
Sending you both so much love ❤✨
I HAVE NEVER HAD ANYTHING ORGANIC, I AM A BIG TIME MEAT EATER AND i NEVER EXERCISE, I SIT ON MY COUCH WATCH YOUTUBE AND DRINK BEER. I am the healthiest 63 year old my Dr. knows.....Jus sayin.
You are so encouraging and a brave sweet soul.
Courage. You will overcome.
You got this! I feel the love that surrounds you. ❤️😘🙏
Bec…you are so incredibly brave and beautifully positive! 🌟 I admire your will and great strength to share your journey with the world. This could happen to any one of us and if it does, we will remember your share to help get through. Thank you! Sending lots of love and prayers your way!! 🙏🏼🙏🏼❤️🙏🏼🙏🏼
You got this❤️
so sorry to her this im so very shocked.  tumourscannaturally shrik onceyou fix the dietand juicing per gerson therapy. look up gerson institute. i had no breasts removed. cutting off your breasts does NOT stop cancer.  your wjole body has cancer. tumours settle in placesto try wall off thecancer cells removing them doesnt stop cancer your whole body has cancer cells  if you do chemo it will kill you within five years.  i studied in depth. dr max gersons therapy ids all about triggering your body to self heal.  he has the best survival stats hi stherapy does even 100 yearslater all natural healing.  the more you  cut burn and destroy your survival will be less. your body vant heal if you destroy it,
Over the past three years I had two girlfriends go through - as it sounds like - the same treatment. They were very sick but got through the entire ordeal and are doing very well now. You are just as amazing and strong as the two incredible women I love dearly! Be strong! Sending lots  of love and encouragement to you and Eamon
I pray that God, may bring healing in your life. But my greatest desire for you is to know the Lord and give your life. May this season bring you and your family close to God.Amen.
Bec is Sunshine ☀️ ❤️
Huge hugs to you both! Soak up that sunshine Bec, we love you ☺️❤️❤️🤩
You are so strong and brave. Sending love and healing to you from Ohio. 💜
Get that Medican Medium book that was in front of you at the bookstore.  He is AMAZING. Stay strong <3
Sending lots of love and healing vibes.
Bec my continued prayers 🙏🏼 of healing and strength 💪. You are an inspiration of positivity. You are rocking the short hair sweetheart 😘
Cried all the way through. Both at moments of your struggles but also at moments where you both are so loving with each other. I used to live in "cottage country" (now I'm out west) and the winter scenes during your walks pulled at my heartstrings. I sometimes really miss it there - even though the winters are long and cold they are so beautiful. Way to go on Round #1 of liquid sunshine! Rooting for you both! xox
Be strong! Cancer sucks.
The message for me here is that every day is a gift.  Be grateful for the sun, the wind, the snow, the trees, etc.  Every day we are alive and can breathe is a blessing.  Thank you for this reminder.  Good luck in your journey and thanks for your openness and honesty.
Big hugs
Thank you for sharing your journey with us. We are all with you along the way and will continue to pray and send positive vibes to you both! You are strong and will get through this ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Thank you guys for recording this.  I've been thinking about you both throughout the last weeks and sending you love.   💕❤
It’s hard but you got this Bec!
Sending you love.
sending you much love and support! <3 <3 <3
Beautiful Bec 💛🧡💛 ~ Sending you love & light!   You are a trouper indeed, coupled with having your ultimate champion by your side has to be beyond comforting! Was just thinking - thank God your cabin and outdoor work was all finished before your diagnosis - that is a divine gift; as you are able to recoup and recover in your charming / cozy cabin.   Sending hugs & prayers from San Diego, Michelle 🥰
The desperation of salvation      “But when He saw the multitudes, He was moved with compassion for them, because they were weary and scattered, like sheep having no shepherd.” (Matthew 9:36).  Many people are heavily ladened. Being physically or mentally oppressed and ruled by the darkness of these oppressions, helplessly and unwillingly yielding to its power.   The Lord has deeply moved my heart and filled it with His great compassions by the power of our great Comforter the Holy Spirit.   “…who makes intercessions for us with groanings which cannot be uttered”. ( Romans 8 :26)  The desperation of the Lord for all to be saved is found in His wordless groans, the burden and grievance that weighs the Spirit. For the time of the Lord is near and the Lord deeply cry’s for your salvation and returning to Him.    Sin is the separation from God, the fall of Adam and all of his seed, who is us. For this reason did Jesus come to save us from the saving that will ourselves can never obtain because of our fallen nature.   The need to spread the gospel proceeds the call to simply to the act but the desperate need of the world to be saved by the only Worthy Lamb, who is to open the scrolls, break the seals. The only one who has overcome death and lose the chains of oppression, sin and death.   So let’s pray this prayer together:( For the Lord declares that he will no despise the contrite or broken spirit and He shall give rest to all that are heavy laden- Psalms 51 : 17 and Matthew 11: 28).   I believe you came from heaven sent by the Father to die for my sins.  I believe that Jesus Christ has been raised from the dead on the third day. I deny and repent of my sins, my ways and the world. I ask that you may forgive my of all my sins, known and unknown, and wash me in your blood. I give my life to you, surrender all to you and ask that you may come into my heart.Save my soul and make me whole. Fill me with your Holy Spirit.  And empower me to live the Christian life victoriously and in its fullness.  AMEN! Im am overjoyed to know you are saved and set free. May God cover in a deep hunger to love and know Him. May you sold out for Jesus and may the faith keep you until the day of the Lords return.Amen.
Miss gurl you are sooo strong ! We love you!! ❤💜❤💜💛💚💛💚💙💚💙😘
What a gift to have those two big lugs there supporting you. Oso with his slobbery love, Eamon with his endless sunshine. Love you Bec, you take in that liquid sunshine. Every day is a step closer to getting back out on the road and out in the world doing what you guys love best. You are a warrior! You and your amazing body will win.
Thank you for sharing this. I am sure it's tough. I don't like the no visits thing too its almost the worst part.
You got this, dudes <3
I think you and Eamon are such a beautiful couple, You have his back and he has yours. Thank you for sharing this journey with us, and for always being true, you both have beautiful souls. xo
Sorry to hear this . Please try to do a 10 day fast . 🙏 let me reiterate.  I had a friend with a 10cm hard lump was diagnosed with stage 4  . Did a 10 day fast and lump disappeared. Shocked the doctors and herself and became cancer free . She swears by fasting and continues to do 72 hour fasts once a month .
Wishing you all the best ,lots of HUGS
We love you❤️❤️ thx for sharing your journey. ❤️
Bec we love you. You are a warrior and you will crush this. Sending love and prayers. ❤
Aw Bec, you should be proud of yourself. When you said that I just started crying with you.  Eamon you are a champ. You guys are in my prayers,
Dearest Bec, I appreciate so much that you are sharing this journey. You did so great in this first, very difficult week of chemo. Keep at it, you can do it. You are strong. Sending you lots and lots of strength and love! (And also to Eamon!)
the short hair looks so good on you Bec!!
My little brother was diagnosed with Leukemia and had to undergo 3 years of chemotherapy just finishing recently and nothing helped him more then medicinal marijuana if your mind is open to that or if you find yourself later down the line needing something it was the most helpful thing for him and my grandma who just finished her radiation about 3 weeks ago said the same. you both have so much hope and love I wish you the best
sending virtual hugs and love. thank you for sharing all the beauty, even in the discomfort and messiness of healing.   also - chaga chaga chaga! use it daily to address the lymphatic system that is getting clogged up with the liquid sunshine treatments. it can be brewed in the instant pot on low for 2-3 hours: use 1 cup of chunks when you use a 6qt, 2/3 filled w water, then store it all in the fridge for at least 1 cup per day in the morning. brew the same chunks at least twice. if 3 brews it will be much weaker flavor. add cacao, maple syrup, cashew milk when you reheat, and enjoy.   even while i'm pretty healthy, i can feel the difference in my lymph nodes, or i have frequent tenderness whenever i drop this habit. especially in the neck. it seems those lymph nodes are maybe more active or susceptible to toxins.
Get up and fight, stay positive, I did and it makes a difference
Always thinking of you! I know how hard it is when your partner has cancer. My husband has been fighting stage 4 Colorectal Cancer since 2019. He is doing really well but still has a fight ahead of him. He has the best most positive attitude and that has helped him a lot. Lots of prayers and positive vibes headed your way.
❤️❤️Never has there been a couple with more love for each other and you both got this!!!!❤️❤️
My mom had stage 3 BC like you over 25 years ago. She had a full mastectomy and reconstruction.She is still with us and the only after effect of the cancer is that her lymph nodes don’t drain well under armpit on the side that had the cancer. But, she said she would take that over the alternative. Your body is hurt and you need to rest as much as you can. 💕Keep your head up because in 25 years we will still be watching you on YouTube ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Thanks so much for sharing the story. It means so so much. I (Kelley) know it has to be hard. I am a very positive person and happy all the time. So I totally understand about being positive. I am one who is always smiling even through the darkest times when no one can see me. The hardest part would be being apart from your partner during the procedures. Your hair was super cute off.
You guys are such badasses and doing SO WELL!! You're gonna this things as! 💪 sending you all the good vibes and love, and oh my god Oso really is the goodest boy EVER, what a great dog!❤
Good luck
Sending you love and light and resilience. You will get through this Bec and Eamon. Hang in there ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ Regarding your plant base diet please eliminate soya bean in all its forms ( Tofu etc.) Soya bean mimics estrogen and supports the growth of cancer cells. Also eliminate soya bean from Eamon’s diet as well; he does not need more estrogen.
u got this bec <3
Love and prayers 💜
Love you guys. Hang in there. Bec, you look so good with that haircut at the end. So cute. Big hug.
I love you guys so much 💜💜
you are doing good mate
You are always in my prayers. Always💖💖💖💖
Bec & Eamon Please know that my thoughts and prayers are with you it’s so crazy this life and how everything can get flipped upside down.  I honestly believe one of the key things you are struggling with but are doing is keeping positive. You keep appreciating those little simple things in life. You have a GREAT MAN by your side that Love ❤️ you. I will be sending positive love and energy your way every day. One day at a time one step at a time one moment at a time it’s within your reach your Health stay positive.
Just watched your video I'm at the end of it and the clip came up about your hair being cut, it looks so cute. It shows more of your beautiful face. Good luck and keep strong you've got this girl. And you have a wonderful man at your side and it's evident he loves you deeply.
Sending healing thoughts and vibes your way.
Is there somewhere we can send written letters?
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ you beat this
Please see this as just some suggestions. You seem to be doing very well and with over 1 million people + pulling and praying for you is a lot of power. Remember to drink a lot of water. Chemo is very hard on the kidneys. It may be a pain in the patootie to pee that often but.... It will help so much in the long run. Eamon is there and will be there no matter what. Always remember that and don't ever feel like you don't deserve it. And finally, you need to permanently adopt Oso. He will also be there no matter what and you baby will have a best friend at birth. Its hard for me to watch this because I have skin cancer. And in "Murica, all they will do is cut it out as I find it. They won't even do a PET scan until stage three. Be trustful of your oncologist. You have some of the best in the world there. And know that there are a lot of people constantly pulling for you. You are very brave in just sharing this. You don't have to. Peace~ Kris
Thank you for sharing your journey w us  I watch for news of you always  Bec you are a champion! I relate to your experience & promise I give you all my heart positive thoughts & prayers while you are getting well We Love you & are w you! God’s speed Aemen   My prayers are w you I know it is so hard  You too are a champion 🙏✝️❤️
I appreciate you both!  I just wanted to let you know I made it through not one, not two, but three types of it.  Yes, you got this!!!!  And I am still here!
Thank godness you’re home in Canada🙏 Thank god you bought and renovation a home last year! That You don’t live in the van or need to be a resident of someone. There is a meaning to everything. Lots of Love from me i Sweden to booth of You 💕 ❤️ 🐶
I love that you are touching on such an important message: we can’t control illness. Especially today when there is such a strong message that if we just do “all the right things” we won’t get sick. As someone who has a chronic illness (auto immune diseases) and has also led a very* healthy lifestyle as a yoga teacher, vegetarian, runner, health nut, etc, I did not think I could get these chronic illnesses and when I did I blamed myself and thought maybe I didn’t do enough. We aren’t to blame and so we need this message as it creates this shame message that if you got sick… well it’s your fault for not exercising enough, eating well enough, taking X, Y, Z. So thank you for shining light on this and recognizing that yes, some things are out of control. It’s hard. Sending you so much love and healing for your journey. You two are absolutely in my prayers!
My best friend just told me she was diagnosed in November. She went in for biopsy and they screwed up. She was rushed into emergency surgery last Tuesday. Now we wait. I've been waiting for this video guys 🙏💪 I feel so helpless. Love to each lady that's going through this 💙😞 im with Eamon I have no interest in the pharmaceutical industry whatsoever- GOD SPEED 🙏🙏🙏
As a follower for years now, I don’t normally comment but always 👍🏻. That being said I felt compelled this morning to say that I love you both! Your love and encouragement for each other is truly something special! I’m send nothing but positive vibes and loving prayers your way! Beck you are beautiful inside and out and your going to kick this cancers ass! Thank you for sharing in your journey. Eamon, your such a good man! Hang in there friends! <3
Bec! Health can be such an unknown that we battle daily and we have no clue how it'll all turn out in the end. Your videos of this process make me less scared of the unknown. You're making an impact.   Also look at you conquering your needle fears. You're DOING GREAT.   Liquid sunshine, actual sunshine, and you, a person who resembles sunshine.... this treatment is going to work because that equation is unstoppable.
Powerful family! ❤ everything will get better! Try white low fat icecream for when you have the vomiting feeling. Also read about incence oil, it helps during terapy/ to drink it, not for aromatherapy. Stay strong! ❤
You should be skeptical of the US pharma industry, but if you want to know if this is whats best, look to what Japan, Germany and Scandinvia are doing. These countries put  a lot of resources into keeping their people healthy.
I'm on my 2nd bout with Breast Cancer. It now has mastasatised to other parts of my body like my bones. Also my lungs. My prayers are with you and myself.. You are so lucky to have Eamon. (During my 1st surgery they injected a blue dye in me. I peed blue for 2 days afterwards. The 1st time was dark blue like airplane toilet water .😂😂)
You are so beautiful, not just your outward appearance! Way down to your soul, so is Emon!   I am so sorry, I just couldn't watch this happening to you for awhile. I was sure it wasn't going to be this diagnosis. You are so young healthy & the picture of happiness & health. It just didn't make sense to me. I'm sure you felt the same way.  But I came back to support you in this journey to healing! It hurts my soul to watch you have to go through this.   But know you are in my prayers for a complete healing & strength & comfort to go through this!   If you have to go through anything like this, you couldn't be in a more lovely beautiful place! Thank God you guys had made it through the remodle phase & have a safe functional place to go through this! And lots of family & freind support.   I don't know what it would even be like to have freinds & family support.  I have a remarkable husband of 42 years an amazing daughter & son in law. And wonderful grandchildren, but besides my husband they are lower learning challenged. It's quite exhausting helping them navigate life.   About 3 years ago my dad passed & my family turned into a pack of wolves & materialing  things they became so focused on & they became theives, liers & criminals. They took it to a level that has nearly destroyed me. It's really been a long time about 12 years ago we lost our home of 30 years & had to start are lives completely over in our late 50's. And family abandoned us. I wasn't sure what was wrong with them until my dad passed Watching them, was difficult, they had a finely orchestrated plan to take his trucking business & other properties he owned. And trying to get them to stop the madness has been so very hard. So I couldn't watch your pain & greif until I got just a little stronger in my own traumatic experiences. I remember what freinds used to say, but one by one they have completely disappeared. Bad things happen to good ppl. And its happening to you guys! But I will never understand how the ppl. that I thought where good ppl. But they turned out to be really bad ppl. pretending they are good ppl! Its heart breaking to me!  But I thought today you have to, because you need to know that pain & out of control experiences affects all of us at some time in our lives! Like it or not & you can't just walk away! In some small way you have to try & help! If its only a prayer away or a distant kind word. And supporting others is really what is important! God bless you both as I said you will be in my Prayers beautiful sweet lady!   I am hoping I can find away to send you some videos! When are life turned to survival I'm our late 50's & it became apparent we where in this thing all alone, we had to get very creative. We have always been reclaimers & I have some very entertaining I think way better than the Duck Dynasty  series funny stuff. We have moved serval mobile homes. With hubbies old M tractor & a old beat up Chevy pickup truck. I posted some of them on Utube, moving a mobilehome. But they don't really get any views there. We also have fainting (Mytonics goats & Dwarf Nigerians) & live on a 10 acres of a 40 year family farm that had absolutely no entrance, to this part. We had to buy the 10 acres back, but 42 years ago, We got married & this 10 acres was our dream of where we wanted to live. The journey has been hard, rough & tough, but we nade it here about 6 yeads ago & are still working on it we call it some days Rebel Island or sometimes Old Glory Land! I have videos of the neices riding the goats. It's pretty funny & puts a smile on my face. I am hoping I can find away to send you some for a laugh or a smile through your chemo treatments.    God bless you young beautiful lady. You will get through this! I'm a great believer in prayer & I'm praying for you! ❤
Eamon is so very supportive of your journey. Bec you are very fortunate and have been blessed to have him and your families by your side. You will beat this!
BTW, sharing your red pee wasn't too much.
As I watch each of your videos starting your journey… I am brought to tears. I did chemo/ radiation for 6 weeks and I can tell you it will be life altering in a great way. You are on this journey for a reason my friend. Open your heart and relish the knowledge knowing you will carry this journey for the rest of your life. My favorite saying was this was the new normal for a brief time of my life. So get ready for the “new normal”.  Let your body react and rest rest rest. After this is all over you will feel yourself again…slowly and be even more blessed in life than you were before. Blessings to you and Eamon or sharing your journey. You are touching so many people. God bless.
Sharing your journey with us feels so precious. Thank you, we support you all the way 💛💛💛
I really love that u do this videos  I believe that it will help so many people ❤️🌞
We love you Bec!!!!! You can and WILL conquer this!! Time flies and you will see this soon shall pass.. keep rocking on! Sending allllllllllll the positive vibes from Miami ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
You have this warm and loving energy that just spills out and it’s so beautiful. You’re such a bright light and I appreciate you sharing your journey. I just started following you and love your family. Sending love and positive energy your way. ❤️
Really happy to see you are doing well. Your oncologist is amazing with you both. Rare to hear such words from a dr. You are both so strong & Eh-Mon doing a hard role too.   Can’t help but think how fate is playing a role in your lives right now & that you had time to find & refurb the cabin prior to your diagnosis. I can’t think of anywhere more beautiful to ride this out than your cabin & it’s amazing location.   Stay strong & remember all the amazing times you have had and to come.  I can’t believe how huge Oso is. He probably weighs more than you both. Dogs are such healers and again he’s in your life to care for you.   I just remembered you have your editor & biz manager guy now too so again… all the ducks lined up unwittingly before you realized what was to come. That’s energy for you working it’s magic.   Thanks for sharing your story.
Sending loads of Love and strenght. You are not alone. ❤
Strength, courage and positive thoughts for all. :)
I know you are probably getting this a lot but you are so inspirational. When I found your channel a few years ago, you inspired me to travel and take advantage of opportunities. Now, you are inspiring me to appreciate the little things, try to look at life in a positive light no matter what, and just live a life full of joy. You are so incredibly strong, and I just wanted to say I appreciate you and the fact you are sharing this incredibly difficult journey. You are a light in many people's lives, including mine, and I just hope you know how much you are making a change in not only my life but many other people's. You both are incredible! <3
Eamon you are the man.  Sending you both buckets of love and light. Xo
Hugs to you both. Feeling like shit physically is a huge struggle because it then plays on your mental health.  Fighting to stay positive is a fight you don't need to win.  Let yourself feel the feels, good, bad or otherwise.  Ignoring the negative feelings isn't a good thing in the Ling run.  So cry when you need to, cry when you need, and I'll cry with you. Hugs from 🇨🇦 Burlington.
My dad went through chemo back in the 1980s and it was so nice to hear you being thankful for this day and age and the advancements in medicine. We are truly blessed these days.  Continued thoughts go out to you and your family during this difficult journey. 💞 -Troy & Aimee
Aloha honey just want to say my husband went through heavy chemotherapy hydrate your body with a gallon of water almost before you go in and get your treatment and then rinse it out of your body try to drink a gallon after you want it to get out of your system and not linger in your system that’s what will make you nauseated he never got sick one time the whole five month treatment. Also use your own bathroom. You do not want it to affect anybody elseRinsing that crap out of your system you will be fine remember drink water and hydrate all your cells before your treatment and then after your treatment.As soon as you can get that out of your system you will feel better. Also look up miracle mouthwash baking soda and sea salt make it fresh every day and gargle at least 3 to 4 times a day it helps get toxins out. God’s blessings he whispered to me to share this to you. Much aloha from Hawaii❤️🙏👣🌴💫
Love your hair at the end , you look beautiful! I'm proud of you too and I don't even know you! Eamon as well 💜 hang on in there you're doing amazing!
You are so strong Bec sharing your yourney with us, great support from Eamon and Oso and the rest of us ❤️❤️❤️
Sending you positive thoughts, love and prayers. You both are in my thoughts every day. Please take care.
Praying for you both 🙏🙏💜❤️
Sending all three of you massive hugs.  Big tears fall as I watch the way you and Eamon both are so I tune with each other, by checking in on feelings and emotions.  Each persons journey through the hills and valleys of cancer treatment as do different.  But, as you travel those hills and valleys goodness awaits you.  Thank you for sharing this journey with us.   Blanketing you all in hugs.
Im in Healthcare and Im praying for yall. You have love and good vibes being sent from Texas straight to you. You are strong and brave, blessed and loved.
I pray God to heal your body now and forever🙏i wish you both all the best🙏❤
I find myself often thinking of you during the week and sharing your story with friends ❤ I'm sooooooooooo very sorry you have to go through this sweet Bec 😔 I am so impressed by your strength and am glad you have Oso (sp?) for those extra special cuddles and unconditional love, I hope you guys adopt him! 🐕 Eamon and your friends and family are also amazing and I'm glad our community brings you comfort as well 🥰 I will continue to pray for you!!! 🙏🏻💓🙏🏻💓🙏🏻💓🙏🏻💓🙏🏻💓🙏🏻💓🙏🏻💓🙏🏻 You got this...just take the five months one day/step at a time and continue to breath...thank you for sharing!!! 💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪
Some one refresh my memory, are you guys fostering that dog? If so, I really think that happy healing houndin dog is a keeper!!
you are so amazingly brave stay strong and well wish to you both. x
i love how you both are so so so strong and such a positive light even when it might not seem that way, and I know that you both are going to hit your lowest of lows but also your highest of highs and just know that we are all here for you <3 also tell oso i say hi!!
There are things you learn about yourself and people that you would never know unless you had cancer. It is a curse but it is also a gift.
May the universe continue to wrap you in its embrace throughout this journey.  Stay positive.  Much love ❤️
You need to eat when you want to and whatever you want, You really don’t have any fat to live on.
Who is a badazz warrior, yep YOU girl. I pray for yall every day and I know this journey is rough but I also know the outcome is going to be amazing. Love you guys!!!
Your going to have good times and your going to have bad but life is a beautiful journey. Having a support system is going to help a lot. Good wishes and prayers to you and your support system! Love you guys !!
Love you Bec I send you healing energies with love and light you got this and thank you for everything that you do Eamon you guys got this love you both!♥️🙏🏼🌞
I watched a documentary on a type of mushroom that has healed many peoples cancer and has helped relieve a lot of the pain and has cancelled out many symptoms even when doing chemo. The mushrooms are called turkey tail. There is tons of research on how effective these have been on healing the human body in many different ways. I thought maybe this knowledge and information can help you or maybe someone reading and interested in giving them a try! Sending love and healing ❤️
Great to see you back on my feed today!  While it is so important to stay positive, remember to allow yourself to grieve as well.  There is a loss of certainty, good health and energy that can cause you to be down occasionally, and that’s ok.  That being sad, I admire your positivity and your commitment to appreciating every little thing in your world.  I’m sure you know how lucky you are to have Eamon and Oso Bear to look to for love and support.  When I had my breast cancer, I often felt guilty for what I was putting my husband and my family through, but you know what?  They did not give it a second thought.  So, take care of each other, and keep up the good fight! ❤️
You've got this! <3
keep up your great positive attitude, it will carry you through your journey. Sending good vibes and prayers your way.
Beck your so use to being on the move stay still and find refuge in Netflix
Sending you healing light and love!
I'm so proud of you two! been thinking about you a lot... a big warm hug and lots of love to you and the sweetest ozzo! :)
I'm proud of you too! THE relationship Between you and Eamon is what will get you through. When I was sick, as odd as it sounds, I was more at peace with life and my spiritual connection to the universe increased tremendously. I love you Bec, praying for you and Eamon but I know you'll come through on the other side more bright than you already are!  P.S. I live in Nova Scotia, Canada, and I hope to meet you Both someday (that includes Bob lol).
forza e coraggio. un abbraccio
So much 💜💙💚🤎🤍❤🧡 to the both of u.
I had to prepare for this one. I wanted to watch it without distraction, and with a little time to recover afterwards. So much love and positivity to and Eamon<3
My prayers are with you all both in Jesus name Amen love ❤ from 🇹🇹 Trinidad
It's an honour and a privilege that you are bringing us along.Thank you both.I went through this.... Grade 3 ...Stage  3 ..diagnosis  and am coming up to my 3rd  year cancer free.It's amazing you are bringing it all back to me   and I am grateful as I blocked out so much.I could not do what you both doing now ......but let me tell you something you are going to educate so many people in regards to what happens after a cancer diagnosis.
What a blessing to have a furry companion to support both you and Eamon. Wishing you both all the strength you need and more! 🙌🏼
Your so brave! Keep strong guys
Sending all my prayers and love for your spirits to continue to be lifted! I agree that it isn’t only Bec going through this, Eamon is going through this just as much. I felt Lee so strongly in parts of this video, I wonder if you feel her there with you throughout this journey.
I hope that it gets easier as you go. I follow you guys so much I love watching you you make me feel like there's more to life than sitting in my house. You are so strong girl I'm praying for you everyday. Hang in there.
The music sounds like Bon Iver.
It’s amazing what we as humans are capable of, but you take the cake! The way you are approaching this is extremely inspirational; even in those moments where you may not feel like being positive or you may even feel defeated, bc you have that strong foundation you will get through! I hope that makes sense out of my brain…lol. Anyways, like everyone else in this beautiful community you’ve built, I’m behind you and sending you every possible good and well wishing vibe I can!
Sending strength and healing vibes your way…..soon spring will come and things will start turning green , your in a safe and beautiful place to heal
✨☀🌲🪴🐻🥦🥑🥰💪 SENDING LOVE
How are you spending your time during your liquid  sunshine treatment? Loads of extra time i'd imagine! Though certainly at a droughting cost. Stay strong! :)
Крепкого тебе здоровья Бэк!
Sending you love and healing vibes 🙏
We love you both so much!!!
One thing you will encounter is that you will feel worse after each chemo treatment.
🌻🌻🌞 🌄🌅❤🧡💛💚💙💜💫🌟✨🤗🤗🤗
Positive energy and hugs from Colorado!!  You got this!!!  ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Hugs! And tears of support!
More love and prayers from the survivor side.
Prayers for Bec and the family - I know you don't know me but I will be holding a space in my heart for this journey over the next 5 months. Thank you for sharing this experience. Sending so much love and that shopping hack -wow -thank you again.
Just sending you both so much love. ❤💛💚💙💜
♥️🌈
Sending love,strenght and hugs!
I just wanted to send out positive vibes to you both! I wanted to just tell you how strong you both are and how amazing it is to see you loving, supporting, and encouraging each other through this! Lots of prayers, positive vibes, and love 💕
You two Got This. Prayers, Love and Good thoughts. I do hope yall can keep Oso, I feel he will be very good for your journey he seams connected to yalls souls. i wish you peace, healing, love and calm energy. xoxox from single mama was in california now we moved to  Missouri (i get to see snow!).
I'm starting my liquid sunshine on the 4th of March. I have to work through my treatment to be able to support myself so your video made me really hopeful. I'm trying to keep my mindset the way yours is - this will heal me and although I will feel sick, I will also get better in between rounds. I totally understand what you said about the feeling of excitement before your first treatment - I literally can't wait to start healing process. Bec, we will get better in no time , I just know this. Lots of love xx
Your information to other cancer patients is so helpful Bec , and soo is your dog for life 💓, hang in there guys , Em on your great 🐶💕💕
Sending you so much love and many, many thoughts of strength and light! ♥🌞 I myself received a BC diagnosis at the end of last year and am going to receive my 4th round of AC (EC) this week before a change in the liquid sunshine cocktail and rhythm (biweekly to weekly…). So far, I have fared well enough and without any of the worst side effects (despite now being bald, of course). My white blood cells take a deep hit, though, even with that shot on the day after treatment, which I’ve been told is quite common for young people (I’m 38). As I much as I love that you have Oso 🐕 there and I know that he helps so much, I would recommend staying clear of his face kisses for a few days in the middle of the two weeks as pets can be quite the germ spreaders. I have a kitty 🐈 who also loves to lick and give kisses so I know how hard this is. 💔 Again, much love and strength coming your way! ♥
Love and healing to you both
Stay strong both of you.... you'll get through this 💜💜
When I had cancer, I was almost attacked by the people who wanted to tell me what I did wrong to cause  my cancer and what I should do for my health. Fifteen years later, not all of them are with us.
I'm sooo proud of you Bec! And also bravo to Eamon! You guys are the best and I love you. Keep being strong, mentally and physically.  Love and support from 🇬🇷Greece🇬🇷
What an unbelievable hurdle. I'm SO impressed by your power, positivity, and humanity in these moments, Bec. I say this on every video but again, thank you for sharing. Eamon deserves some sort of award for best supportive human, honestly. What a beautiful example of love and support you both are. Sending so much 💛
i don't usually comment on anyone's videos on youtube but maybe this will be worth it....'cause i know for certain that there has been studies that confirmed that "fasting" not only is a protective factor of cancer but actually heals the body from cancer ,and it has an effect of killing cancerous cells .Thus we find that cancer rates are very low in the Middle East 'cause they fast at least 30 days a year. Maybe you could do some research on the topic. i hope this could be helpful! wish you all the best!
So happy when your videos come up, i have been thinking of you guys and sending tones of love. You are doing an amazing job. Love your gratitude picks and your short hair, you arebeautiful inside and out xxx
You both are so beautiful and inspiring! It’s amazing that you are able to bring others joy through such a crazy emotional period of your own lives. Prayers for your strength and healing <3
Sending love to you both! ❤️
You both are so strong and beautifull!  💜
Please know that my comment comes from a place of true care for you. I don't want to come across like it's my way or no way. I totally understand how scary this journey is. Just know that I'm here for you if you ever have any questions or just want someone to bounce some ideas off of. I truly just want to see you continue to live a healthy and thriving life and go on many more Adventures.
Sending all the best thoughts! You both are rolemodels!  If I have learned one thing during the last year about how amazing of a system our body is, this is thanks to Hubermanlab podcasts. No relation to them, just amazed how much scientists actually know nowadays and appreciating someone explaining these newest findings of neurobiology in a simple enough manner. Maybe in a tough day it helps to shift the focus and you can find something that helps you.  Wouldn't want to overwhelm anyone with tips in this situation, just felt sharing that one simple yet amazing trick for the body and mental health is getting as much as daylight into our eyes as possible or at least substitute it with bright enough artifical light. You can just open a window if not feeling going out and leave the sunglasses home when you do go out, these small things help. One of the most comprehensive episodes here https://youtu.be/oUu3f0ETMJQ  Wishing you all the best!
You two are beautiful people, and model how to face adversity together, with honesty.  Prayers for your healing after treatment #2 of liquid sunshine!
Thank you for being so brave and for bringing us all on your incredibly hard journey.  You’re helping so many people.💕💕
I love you guys so so much! You are both in my thoughts and prayers! I wish you guys so much joy and happiness xxxxxxxxxxxx
I’ve been watching your vlog for quite some time and it’s entertained me and most especially helped me get through lockdown. Never underestimate how important sharing your journey can be to others. The journey you are sharing now is the most important. Thank you for being open, honest and vulnerable to sharing this so that others who are experiencing the same thing or may in the future will feel that they are not alone. Sending you hugs and positive thoughts. Thank you!
You got this Bec!! Sending lots of positive toughts your way! And Eamon is a CHAMP! You guys are AWSOME together. Love from Norway!
❤️ Sending love you both ❤️
Sending so much LOVE to both of you. I think of you often and send you love and energy. Love, Karen in Norway
This is one of the most powerful video I’ve seen in a long time ❤️❤️
I’m so sorry you’re are going through this but you’re both so inspiring and strong. Keep being there for each other 💗
You are so strong and can get through this! ❤️so beautiful on the inside and out
I sure hope there was not fuel in those red containers as you were loading your food behind them. Gas is extremely toxic. As you are driving, toxic emissions such as benzene become airborne.
Add some food coloring to those icicles...make em really special
Lots, lots of love and light for you and Eamon! You are super strong together! I love how you are calling it “liquid sunshine” so much positive and loving! Best wishes from Brazil! 💛
You're such a beautiful and brave lady. It's heartbreaking watching two young soulmates with such  a zest for life going through this. Love & prayers to you both 🙏🙏
immunotherapy - has that been discussed with you...
Amazing video as always. Thank you for sharing your journey and your unbelievable strength. You will be helping so many people going through the same. Wishing you all the love in the world.
Rest. You are doing great! Anyone else reading this, no matter your journey, no matter how long, you are doing great! 💜💛❤
You and Eamon should be the poster people for how to do Chemo!  Thinking about you as you go through this journey!!
OMG so many people love you two!  Blessings!
First week to heal. Bec, you are a beautiful human bein. A big overseas hug from Bilbao
It’s difficult to know what to say... heartfelt thoughts of healing sunshine ☀️💛💛💛💛💛
Prayers Eamon and Bec ... so many prayers and much love and big hugs for you both. Big fan, Lucy
I've had a lot of trauma back to back the last 10 years, really horrible, and I had to dig deep, but what got me through was finding even the smallest thing to be grateful for... it really does help! Keep it up, you got this!
thank for sharing your story ❤️
Praying for a speedy recovery we love yous.
Thanks for sharing your journey.  Just praying for your healing.  Praying a blanket of ❤️ Love to cover you and your family that fills you all with joy and peace.
SENDING LOVVVVVE  and prayers for healing and thriving :) cheering you on!! It's SOO valuable that you are sharing your journey with us, as you are able. MOST IMPORTANT is that you stay true to yourself and each other. You ROCK!
You guys are great! Much love from Montreal ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Have you guys considered starting an organic veggie garden during the spring and summer months? Garden Answer is a great channel with lots of helpful tips when in cold weather.
You got this Bec😉👍🏼❤️🇨🇦
What about cannabis and oils?   i follow u for a while now,  sending positive vibes <3
It has been said that your body ph levels matter.
Unfortunately it’s a fallacy that the wellness industry has pedalled - not all disease can be prevented by lifestyle. Not to say it’s not worth being healthy, as inevitably you would hopefully recover from things better by being so healthy to start off with. It’s just a reminder you’ve not done anything wrong. Sadly bad things happen to good people. I live with a chronic illness, which has affected my life in every way possible. Working as a doctor also, I know I couldn’t have prevented what’s happened to me. You just have to deal with it as best as you can, like with the positivity and grace you’re showing.
Sending love vibes and positive energy to both of you. Look ahead and come to UK soon. The West country, Cornwall and Devon are calling you. Just as my birthplace of Montreal is me.  x
Love you guys💕💕💪💪
In Canada is chemo completely paid for via taxes? I feel for those in the US it’s so expensive
I don’t know what to say other than i love you
You are both a treasure and gift...Happy Sunday!  Whats Oso's story? Sendings so much love!!!!!!!
And just to let you know since she will be sick...and not want to eat...she will need calorie rich foods.
You both got thiiiss!! I'm sure soon we will see you guys in Morocco looking at the brand new just painted van with the beach view! It's a matter of time!  Much love!
❤️
You got this Bec! ❤️
You will rock the short hair!  Thanks for sharing this journey.  We are all with you.
Sending love, support, and good energy.
I'm willing to bet this is a side effect of the vaccine 🤷🏽‍♀️ numerous people I know coming down with cancer and quite frankly yall are healthy.
There's nothing better than having a good dog around to aid with the healing. Oso Bear is a real blessing. I sure hope you decide to keep him. Prayers continue for your full recovery.
So im currently a 3rd year medical student and am aiming at being an oncologist, anyways,  this may be something you want to bring up with your drs but unfortunately weight loss is a very common occurrence during this process that you are going through. What im getting at is, putting on weight if ever possible will save you from additional complications down the line due to being too thin. Just a thought from an aspiring oncologist. Take care as always, you got this!
It’s like everything felt into place before you went into this journey. You went back to Canada, you got the perfect place for serenity and only when you got over the big hump of renovating it, you got the news. Everything happens for a reason. You got your safe place, you have an amazing foster dog and now you are ready to embark in this journey. It’s difficult, it will be, but I am so certain you guys will triumph. I haven’t stop crying. So sorry you are going through this. It’s hard, but you got this. Always remember the good things but allow yourself to cry, to be angry, to be upset and sad. You are only human. This is part of the journey of acceptance. Very proud of you both. Always looking forward to your beautiful story. Bless you both ❤️❤️❤️❤️ lots of love
Sending you all my love, support and strength! Bec, you’re handling this with grace and I am unbelievably proud of you and the way you fight to see the positive things! Eamon, you’re an incredible partner and I hope you know that your presence alone is helping far more than you know! Keeping you both in my thoughts xoxo  P.S. ginger chews are amazing for nausea
You both take my breathe away.  Your sincerity and truth being shared with all of us.  Please feel all of the virtual love and strength being sent your way from so many people around the world.  All my love and strength being sent to the both of you
❤️❤️❤️❤️ you got this bec!
I'm so honored to have found you guys, You give me hope in my own situation. My Husband had ALS for which there is no treatment and no cure. He passed 2 years ago. I'm so glad they have a treatment for you even tho it is awful. Love to you guys and your right you can do it. Make sure to lean on the Lord, he is there for you.
You got this bec. ❤️ I just did a stem cell donation and had to receive 5 days in a row of filgrastim so I could donate. It was very uncomfortable  but made me appreciate my health and gave me a small glimpse into the pain someone may go through. Your positive nature is amazing and it always gives me a mood boost.
Love you.
Bec, you are an amazing woman ❤️❤️❤️eamon, you are her rock❤️❤️❤️
I feel for you Bec.  Lots of love.  Maybe the hospital should have a video of the chemo...I mean Liquid Sunshine procedure available to help reduce the patients' anxiety and some of the fear of the unknown?  Maybe you could do this as a project to help others?  You have the skills to make a great video!
I love you both so much. My heart hurts seeing you sick. But Im so happy to know this is your path to getting better. I watched my husband go this when he had to take chemo for severe psoriasis, it was one of the hardest things Ive ever witnessed and I can understand how it would be equally hard for eamon. Hang in there! Sending lots of love to you both ❤
Sending you light and energy. Thank you for sharing your experience. You’re enriching everyone with needed knowledge, no matter where they are in life.
Both of u are amazing. Sending u hugs and hope.
I love and admire you both so much!  Bec, while you are such a peaceful, positive force... You are most certainly a FORCE!  You are going to heal yourself and the world right along with you.   That's just who you are!  Love love love!
Ti auguro di guarire presto.
What a wonderful gift you are giving by sharing this journey. It will help so many who will have to go through these treatments. Staying strong is so very important. I'm sorry you have to do this but grateful you are the loving couple who can help each other.  In some ways, I feel this may be harder for Eamon since he is only able to watch and not know exactly how it feels or what is happening. Sending hugs and loving prayers for a full healing.
It takes 9 months to creat a bouncing baby and 5 months to creat a healthy Bec, it’s a tough old journey but nothing surer day by day and step by step you will get there  🌞 🧃 🥲🤢🙂 - 🌞 🧃 😩🤢🙂 - 🌞 🧃 😣🤢🙂 - 🌞 🧃😞🤢😁 - 🌞 🧃- 😔🤢🙂😊😁😄😃😀😆🎉🎉🎉🎉
Sending positivity, love and support!
❤
Bec! I don’t know if you realize how much people worry about you and about Eamon!  I’ve been watching for a video on YouTube TV every day. When I finally saw it today I grab my phone so that I could write to you. You are both so strong and I am so sorry you have to go through this. You are a blessing to those that do. You have been a blessing and so much fun and crazy antics for me as an almost 65-year-old woman who has cared for her mom for 13 years! Mom recently passed December 11, 2021. I don’t think you’ll realize how much you help people get through things in their life. I have come to really care about you all. To see the love and support that you have in your families makes me so happy for you. Stay as strong as you can remember that you have all of us along with your family and Eamon and God is always with you! Bless you both or should I say all I guess I should because of your families and all your added family meaning us because we care so much thank you for having us!❤️🙏
I hope the best things for you guys… love your fighting spirit… love and happiness is best treatment for cancer.. keep loving and happy…
You did absolutely amazing! One down! If you put some peppermint essential oil drops in your puke bowl it really helps with nausea and it gets your mind off of the thoughts of nausea.
You guys are so strong! Here for you guys.
Take Care Bec...love is coming your way! <3
Sending you so much love and strength!!
Sending you so much love and support ❤️
Sending SO much love you two. I'll be sending up good energy and prayers from SLC Utah.
This is such a beautiful tribute to the love you have for each other during such a challenging time.  You are loved so much.
I’m so glad you have the puppy- they are incredible at knowing when you need love
We missed you. Keep pushing through Bec. You got this.
Let doc know you are having nausea, there are other drugs to relieve it. Also, sucking on anything with ginger like ginger snaps will help.
Try to get your ph level up as far as it can go
Send love and healing  to you ❣️❣️ thank you for documenting your journey
Sending you strength, Bec & Eamon 🌈 Thanks for sharing.
Continued love and prayers for you both.  When the Dr. acknowledges Eamon's feelings I was grateful, because I can see the pain, fear and love in his eyes. Keep strong, Keep positive.  You both have got this.
Praying for strength 🙏🏽✝️📖
Add some very simple two ingredient  South River Certified Organic G O L D E N   millet M I S O topped with fresh chopped green scallions to your menu.
Keep up the positive vibes, healthy eating, and thoughts!  Love Oso I hope you get to keep him as I think I heard you are fostering? Besides Eamon LOL animal love is some of the best healing <3
Your a good husband Eamon to be a great support system for your wife Bec. I can’t imagine what your both are going  through but you are a beautiful  and strong woman who will overcome this. We are all wishing you the best and are here for you! Sending you much love to the both of you❤️❤️
Thanks for all the effort to make and share this video. Lots of love to Eamon and Bec!
Sending love and positive energy ❤️ Have you checked out the gerson institute? Maybe the diet will help you.
Love and strength to both of you 💛
Between Eamon and Oso, I’m not sure which is the better medicine. They both bring so much to your soul and they are a huge resource to you. Eamon is a wonderful partner and I’m so glad you’re blessed with such a wonderful man to support and love you through this journey.  Bec, I have every confidence that you will get through this because you’re such a warrior!!  I love how you’re attacking the cancer from every angle and doing what is best for you. Feel the love and prayers headed your way and know how loved all three of you are. Sending 💖💪 ☮️ ☀️ your way!!!
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ Sending Bec love and healing energy. I pray for her to return to perfect and complete health in my meditations. I see her as whole, beautiful and vibrantly alive.🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏 She is so strong and amazing to share this powerful journey. You both don't know how many people you are touching with your story. I pray for Eamon. May he share his emotions and love so that he can continue to support Bec and so he doesn't feel isolated in his thoughts, fears and hopes.🙏🙏🙏🙏 Though you walk through a valley of shadow, the sun will return and you both will win this battle💜💜💜💜💜💜💜 Tune into Oso/Bear...his heart is full of love.💚💚💚💚💚
Keep an intake journal so you can remember what you ate and how it made you feel... Good, nauseous, heartburn etc.
I know how throwing up can make you very sick...was in the hospital because of hypokalemia. Keep up your potassium, rest all you need and then some, and receive all the healing energy we are all sending you. Sending you love, Bec!  Eamon, you have been a rock star through all this, and Bec will surely heal that much faster because of your love and support. Hang in there. One down. You got this. 🤟🏼 #KickCancersAss
Oso is a keeper.  He has oveously bonded with you.
Chemo was the hardest part of my cancer journey. I did three different rounds. I thought it would kill me. I was soooooo sick and sooooooo week. It was hard. VeRY hard. Still, I am grateful for the journey and the hard times because they gave me a very different outlook on life and my role in life. This is transformational.  Let the change happen.
My daughter has always had long, thick, beautiful hair. She has 2 sons and 1 daughter. When her daughter was 11 (3 years ago) she came to her mother and talked to her about “Locks of Love”. She wanted to donate her hair (also super long and thick) to help kids who had lost their hair to chemo/childhood cancer. Her Mother was so proud of her. Then she said, “Mommy, would you please do this with me? Just think of how happy some child will be when they get YOUR hair!” They hugged and cried for a while. Last week my daughter was told by a new friend of hers that she has stage 3 Cancer. She had just started chemo and her hair has started falling out. Last night my daughter came in to me….. completely bald. She wants to be there for her friend in every way possible. Just thought I’d share a hair story with you Bec. Sending so many prayers your way. Good vibes and virtual hugs!!♥️♥️♥️
Sending you both my love and prayers stay strong stay positive 😘
Beautiful Bec, this one left me with tears rolling, but with a smile too.  That smile when you stepped out the door to a cold wintery day was everything.  Continued healing prayers, small blessings to get you through your day & positive energy with huge result's Always!!!! You got this fight!!!
❤
Sending positive healing vibes ☀️🙏 along with lots of love and hugs to you both ❤️🤗
You both got this!!!!! You are so soo strong and such a warrior with everything life throws at you guys!!!! Keep those amazing beautiful smiles on your faces and that glow in your soul!!! You will get through this and be healthy again I know it and we all know it!!!! Love you guys so much!! You give me so much inspiration 🥰❤🥰❤🥰❤🥰
Just wanted to say...somethings just happen...6 years ago my husband had cancer and some days he wished he could die...he had radiation and chemo...he beat cancer and had been cancer free for 6 years...life was normal after that...both working and at the point getting ready for Christmas...Saturday Dec 18 was a normal day...ate supper and watched a movie...he woke up in the middle of the night saying he could not breath. Took him to emergency and they sent him home saying it was pneumonia...let’s just skip forward. Had to call the ambulance to come get him...he was later transferred back to the hospital that sent him home...he was diagnosed with GBS and was put on a ventilator that night. So since that night 11 pm Dec 19, 2021 he has not been able to talk, breath or move...it is 2 months today...I will never have him back the way he was...so sometimes bad things just happen...this GBS can happen to anyone at any time. My world has forever changed and I grieve for the loss of the man and the life we had planned. I am a bit better now...but still have good and bad days.
Sending love, healing and hugs to Bec, and Eamon too. Nothing like dog kisses and fresh air to help!
Oh how I wish there was a like button x1m…
Praying for you guys endlessly and sending you so much love ❤️
What exceptional human beings you are! The love and support you have for each other is beautiful. And Canadian too! Come on now. Sending positive energy and love your way!
Sending prayers…you got this girl…keep your head up…my grandma had breast cancer at a young age. She lost both of her breast. She is now 87 years old and she is living her best life. I’m so proud of you. ❤️❤️❤️💕💕💕
Look at it from a point that BECAUSE you led such a healthy lifestyle, exercised and kept an amazing diet you don't have any problems in any other aspects of your health which could have made this cancer and the overall healing from it way more difficult. So don't disregard all that, you most definitely helped yourself immensely!!And such a strong healthy beautiful body will be able to heal from this with much much better chance!! Sending love❤❤❤
If you're interested in looking into a more homeopathic/holistic/natural route, or as a supplemental therapy, I recommend researching gerson therapy or the gerson Institute in Mexico.
I have a chronic illness and whenever I get a really bad flare it can lay me out for a week. Appetite is gone, nauseous, pain, all that stuff. Its hard on my body yes but it's also hard on my partner since he hates seeing me this way. I'm glad that Eamon is there to support you and together you will figure out what works for you to take care of yourself. Big love to both of you.
Thoughts Prayers and Good Positive Wishes, my Daughter (46yrs) around the same timeline, they Oncologist gave her a  diagnosis of stage 3 Breast Cancer, She went into Belleville Cancer Centre for tests and treatment, a short week later she received another diagnosis of Stage 4 Bone Cancer. Your story is enlightening and I will be suggesting to her to look your YouTube videos up and hopefully help her through your experiences. Her Radiation and Brain Scan along with a Port will be in Kingston soon! Keep the faith and through the hard times try to remember others are sending support and Love! Thank You for sharing!
Hey Bec! I just recently found your Channel and I really hope and believe that the liquid sunshine will safe you! As I am currently studying medicine (in Germany), I am planning to become an oncologist and hopefully be able to safe more people from this disease! I just wish you and Eamon the best!
Rooting and sending positive vibes from Montana to all three of you. You guys got this!
🙏🙏🙏🙏❤❤❤ʕ•́ᴥ•̀ʔっ♡
Sending so much love to you two🥰stay strong like always xx.......and congratulations on 1m 🥰🦋💜
❤️
Omg hubby and I have been wanting to order AG but we haven't been able to find your code! So thankful this video has it as we wanted to support y'all over anyone else. Also I could not make out what the genetecist was saying AT ALL. Were they suggesting a genetic cause for your cancer? Cuz I know as far as environmental factors y'all are SO health conscious
Do some research about a clean keto diet (just a suggestion coming from a positive place) Dr. berry here on YouTube is a great start.
You are  in my thoughts and  prayers.   You so got this!💙
Becca I just want to give you a big hug and cuddle! You will get through this!!
Sending you guys so much love and prayers through this journey. You both are so strong and handling this with such grace. ❤
Sour lemon candy, lemonade, lemon ice, ginger tea, ginger candy help with nausea 😉
I don’t know if it would help, but I have really long hair about your color. I just cut it and was going to donate it.  I’ll send it to you if it would help.
Sending love and hugs and healing light ❤
You guys don't even realize how much love and positive energy you are blessing this world with! I love you so much and feel incredibly honoured to be a part of your journey <3
Hang in there you two. You are loved by more than you know. You'll get thru this!
I pray for you both everyday. 💖
Im so heartbroken 4 you both. Im also really shocked by your diagnosis. You also are helping so many people by showing your journey through this. It will help so many know what to expect and help with their anxiety. Can i also say you have helped change my mind about chemo. I went through this with my mam and she was so ill from the chemo it scared me. It really made her so sick that i swore if i get cancer i would never ever have chemo and just let it run its course. Seeing your experience of it makes me see it might not be so bad as in it might not make me as sick as she was from it. You are a warrior ❤.
Just............ Thank you ........!
Love, love, love sent your way.
Do not take jab you do not know what is in them for sure.
Sending you both lots of love and healing energy. When you're feeling badly, try watching a comedy movie.
Good luck with the treatment! You got this! Sending love from Hamilton, Ontario!
One thing I learned from my cancer is that it doesn't discriminate. Diet, exercise, organic,  food, lifestyle. You either get it or don't.
It's so sad that this happen to you back you guys eat so healthy
Are you kidding me? You  have time for a sponsor during this crisis?  Its time to focus all of your energy on your lady............Come on man, get your priorities straight........
The dr was so right. I have lupus and I’ve had chemotherapy before also amongst other treatments that were pretty terrible. My husband had a super hard time and I had to remember that. Men are prone to fix things and they can’t fix us so they have a hard time with it all too. Y’all both take care of each other so that is beautiful.
Sending you both love and positive thoughts  It's so nice that "Bear" is helping you heal. Are you planning to adopt him ♥️
Bec you’re a brave strong young woman going through an extremely difficult time. Everything you are and the people who love you will get you through this. Eamon science can be just as beautiful as a sunrise. I would not be here if not for modern medicine. I do understand your reservations, this journey you and Bec are on will be full of trepidation of the unknown. But your love and family support will see you through. I’m sending love and positive vibes to you both. ❤️
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Glad your including Eamon in the journey his feelings, people on support side usually get left behind
Sending all the prayers and love from India. Love you bec tkcr
Sending good thoughts and prayers for you both.  You are both amazing!
I've sat for too long not knowing quite what to write, but to not leave a comment just doesn't feel right. Very much thinking of you at this time, and you're so strong, I know you'll come through this! ❤️
Much love x
Prayers for your speedy recovery.
I’m fervently praying for both of you, you make a great team and I know you will get through this!
Thoughts and prayers for the both of you 💗
Thinking of you both and sending blessings of love and healing to you. The is a very beautiful book The Journey, written by Brandon Bays which I know you will love and will be very helpful on your journey to healing and health.
We, (Rich and Jayne, UK) have come to learn that carbohydrate is what cancer cells need to grow and thrive. Please 'look into this for yourself' as maybe an extreme Ketogenic diet may help? Much love xxx
The strength you both have amazes me, you’ve got this Bec. Sending so much love and positive energy xx
Bec try weed it might reallyyyy help with nausea ! ❤️
I was thinking of you today and surprised found you 1 hour ago stream..we are so in sink..
Bec, you are so brave, I am sending you love and light. You will be on the other side of this one day. Thank you both for sharing your journey.
Bec , you are the strongest women I have ever gone through .  Eamon ,  so much loving and caring men  you both literally inspire us , motivates us .  A lots of love and respect to both of you 🥰🙏 be blessed .
Love y’all and sending prayers up for you both 💜
Things to be grateful for: you won't face personal bankruptcy from healthcare costs like my family did in the states. Yay socialized medicine (despite Eamon's misgivings).
When this video went live, I decided not to watch it on my big screen but to take my iPad and go into my smallest bedroom which is cozy and has sunlight streaming in (south facing). It just seems more personal and a special place only to watch Bec and Eamon on this journey.  It is 12:22pm on Sunday and I am sending you wonderful thoughts through the brilliant sunlight with its healing energy in Pennsylvania up to you in Canada. Wishing you a great and glorious week.❤️
Be Strong! Many prayers sent your way !
Maybe consider trying marijuana for the chemo sickness? Might be worth a try.
Sending love and prayers your way, you are so strong bec and you have an amazing partner and support team. I believe in you❤️
Sending you my love from Australia, been following last 2 years and Im so grateful for the joy you bring to my Mondays (your Sundays) thoughts and prayers are with you
Sending light, love and and positive vibes for continued healing. Love you both and remember to give yourself grace when times get rough! You are amazing and capable of great things. ❤️🙏🏻❤️
Positive energy! You are brave to share.
You guys are the best.
GOD is the answer to everything jesus love u
So so so proud of you guys! Sending al of my strength and love ❤️
I so hope you adopt that wonderful pooch, he's part of the home team helping get you better 🐶
Proud of you, Bec. You’re on your healing journey. You will recover and have babies and be well for the rest of your life. You have a great support system. You are loved by so many whom you don’t even know. And then there’s Eamon. Eamon your love is showing up for Bec and for yourself, as well. This is a very difficult period in your lives but it is also a learning one. You will find out so much about yourselves and each other. You will be so much  stronger at the end of this tunnel, and you will feel your strength. Most people don’t have thousands of people praying for them and sending them positive thoughts, like you do. You are already winning the battle. My love to you both. ❤️😘🙏🏼🙏🏼
We love you!!❤❤❤
Evening Eamon@Bec, It's been an intense few weeks for you both, can see in your body language the stress and tension that there is. But knowing your lifestyle and your mind sets, this is something your both are more then capable of over coming and treating it as another life step in your long and interwoven lives together. It is as always a great privilege to be able to share this journey with you and be your online "Sunshine Crew" if and when you need us! As always Health@Happiness to you both.
hi your both so strong sending my love Hope your well soon
I can honestly say I think everybody can anybody that watches your tail is praying for you honestly can say I think we all very much hope you get better love you guys
This is so powerful!!! Thank you for sharing. Most people could not possibly understand what a person thats actually going thru something like this is truly feeling. I appreciate you showing the good and bad days. Your a good person. Your strong beautiful and amazing.
Sending love, prayers and positive vibes to you both. You got this. You can do it. You both are awesome! So happy to see your notification today. Whenever either of you need a little boost, I'm prescribing extra puppy kisses to be taken facially as often as possible!
I am gunna get VERY SERIOUS HERE if you don’t keep that angle of a dog! I am going to be so mad at you!! 😁
Love support from india. ❤️
Our hugs and support are with you! If there is a charity that Bec would want us to donate to and support please let us know. Maybe that will be something that can brighten her day 🤍
Thank you so much for showing your pee. I was actually very curious. I am so so proud of you Bec! You are super woman! You are a champion!! You will inspire so many women with your story! Stay strong because there’s a lot of people rooting for you!!!! Sending you lots and lots of love!!
Did you adopt the dog ?   You both are strong it’s nothing you did wrong.  I felt the same way when I was diagnosed with MS , it helps that I have on line help with others facing the same thing.  Love you both you got this !!
I will always recall the circle of treatment chairs and the people who occupied them. Their stories, encouragement, strength, and the cheers you give each other when treatment ends. I can feel it still. Also, tea with honey and lemon, and mashed potatoes helped. You can do this!
It is really sad that till today chemotheraphy is the only solution that the pharma industrie delivers. There are a lot of different ways to beat cancer, but all these solutions are kept secret for money reasons. People like you suffer from it. I whish you all the best, keep eat nothing while the threatment because the human cells go into a rest position and are more secure of chemo. In German we say Fasten.
Sending you love n strength 🌹❤️
Thank you so much for showing just how ugly this disease is. A lot of channels try to make it look easy and trying to fit a Instagram image of what they want to look like. That really doesn’t help when they get chemo and make sure that it comes off with the “right” lenses on it all. This helps people know that they aren’t alone, but we can get through this. Ugly or pretty. 💕
Love you Beck and you just be you. Y'all are our Sunshine!
OK I will never complain again when it is 20°F here in South Carolina. Because that’s like a heat wave compared to where y’all are at. Anyway I am sending special thoughts your way and I look at y’all like y’all are my buddies and I hate to see it going through this both of you. I am grateful for the love that y’all share and for the love that everybody around you has.
Crying, melt downs, break downs, angry... All those feelings are normal. You were meant to have feelings. Feel them... Process them... Think on them... Feel how you need to feel... Find little ways to find joy every day. A bubble bath, a funny video, favorite song, coloring books are awesome therapy, a special food treat... Keep a joy /gratitude journal, blow bubbles 😂, play with playdo, flarp (potty putty...) get a little fish tank... So relaxing to watch... So many little things can make a difference every day..... Reach out to others who are going through the same thing... Encouraging others will touch you in such a great, healing way 😊. Rest when tired. Eat when hungry. You got this 🤗
My daughter just completed eight rounds of chemo. It wasn’t easy, but she kept a positive attitude as much as possible. You remind me of her with your sweet and beautiful spirit. She slept a lot after treatments and felt nauseated and over the course of a few days, she would feel better. We took one hurdle at a time and didn’t think too far ahead. She and all of us experienced a crazy mix of emotions through it all. She is doing well now. I wish she would eat as healthy as you do, but I am working on that. I think of you guys often. Love, hugs and lots of prayers for you, Eamon and your families.
Bec & Eamon I truly appreciate that you both share this journey with us.  Family wants to know how you’re doing & how we can help in prayer. Thanks for letting us in.💕
Sending love and healing energy to you both. I’m so glad you have each other, family, friends, and a supportive, encouraging healing team. I saw my daughter go through treatment for lymphoma and she recovered. It was a difficult road, but so worth it for more beautiful moments here with your loved ones. We are all rooting for you and we will be cheering you on throughout your journey to wellness. Oso/Bear is a sweet soul. 💗💗💗
You both are so tough. Your an inspiration. My thoughts are with you both.
Thank you for sharing this journey with us.   I wait each day for your videos to know how each of you are doing.   Prayers and positive thoughts your way.
Bec you are very strong and I admire you and feel so proud of you. You are very positive and you want to heal and feel better. You have to remember your body needs a lot of rest, that is the natural way to heal. The more you rest, the more your body is focusing on doing all the things it has to do. You may not feel active, but inside of you your body is working very, very, very hard. So rest as much as you can and even more, it's part of the process. May God bless you and Eamon every single day
Bec, you are so, so incredibly brave to be sharing your journey and helping countless people at the same time.  I pray for strength for both of you and send you all the love in the world!  💞💞💞
Thank you both for being so vulnerable and sharing your very scary journey.  Bec, you're doing all the right things, and I am praying for you, and also for Eamon, that you both have the strength to go through with this and come out at the other end.  Bear is just adorable, he's your dog!
Thanks for sharing your journey with us Bec & Eamon.💕💕💕
I want your strength
You got this xx love to both of you ♥️♥️♥️♥️
it breaks my heart you two are going thru this. I hope this next sunshinetrestment is easier. know strangers out in the world live uou guys and are sending prayers for this to cure uou and get in with having some adorable babies.  xco
I know you can do this Bec!  btw, anyone knows the song on 14:10? I've heard it on last ep but still can't find it
Bec, you beautiful strong soul you! I’m rooting for you ❤️
GOD NEVER DESIGN US TO BE SICK. THAT'S THE SERPENT... FORGIVENESS IS THE 🗝️
You two are the best thing on the internet right now 💕. You’re so inspiring, and so incredibly generous in sharing your journey.  You may not realize it, but you’re helping so many people who are experiencing their own kinds of hardship right now.  So many wishes for healing going out to you right now.  It says so much about you that during your toughest moments, you’ve welcomed a foster pup into your hearts. Love and health always for you both
Yay 1million!!! That dog is a blessing for you. Rooting for your Bec. Gentle hugs 🤗
Thinking of you Bec. You are such an amazing example. I admire your resilience and emotional awareness and strength. Please keep Oso.
Hi
I hate puking. I can’t imagine that being a constant thing for months.
the last couple seconds of the video and eamon says as bear "i like licking ass" hahaha
Lots of hugs for you as you face this journey. Xoxo
I know every recommendation is different but one thing I do want to ask you guys to ask your doctor about - when my mom went through chemo for BC she was told to not use vitamins or eat too many healthy foods because she was told you actually want to break down your immune system, not support it. So she would avoid too many foods with high amounts of vitamins, minerals and anti-oxidants. And then after chemo she would start eating very healthy again. My cousin was told the same thing during chemo for Hodgkins Lymphoma so I just wanted to mention it since I do see you focus on eating healthy alot. Sending you so much love and healthy vibes! Xx
There is healing in exposure. Thank you for sharing your story. Your an inspiration ⭐
Well done Bec and Eamon. Sending comforting thoughts. Thinking of you xx
Eamon I know you feel helpless because you can't be there in person but just stay strong and I know you're skepticism of pharmaceuticals but this is definitely one exception that will help bec tremendously.... We've got your back too so anytime you want to blog and just want to talk we are here
😘❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Is it just me or is anyone else seeing the ring light in the corner behind Bec when she's sitting on the bed as a men's urinal?!??!!🤣😂😅...I definitely had to look twice..🤔😅...Love You Guy's! So much love and prayers your way ❤ 💛
You got this!!! We love you!! ❤️😀😍🥰
You guys are wonderful and inspiring. Sending love ❤️
Hi guys being thinking about both of u,come on bec's whip it's arse from  🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 we're a big family.
I've been waiting all day for this video , you are both so amazing, the love that you share shines through, and bear too! 🐻 sending you love, light and health from the UK 🇬🇧 Becs you've got this 💥 ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Sending healing vibes and prayers 💕💕
All love eamon and bec! My mom has adrenal cancer stage 3, very aggressive. I support you guys, makes me feel good to feel somewhat understood by your doctor who said: it is hard on the ones around you as well because we feel helpless. Wish you healing xx
Sending you love and ❤️‍🩹 soon this whole experience will be behind you. TY for sharing your journey and being vulnerable, and was nice to see you laughing a bit 🤗  and Eamon seems to be incredible #blessed  great tunes in this vlog 🎶
Eamon can you speak in a future video to what it's like on your side? What it feels like to be so conscious of what you do with your bodies to be hit with this, how it feels to see your buddy (<3 you Bec) go from y'all van lifing and being super active to having to go through chemo and have such an invisible, yet SUPER impactful sickness?
Thank you for taking us along during this rough journey. I love your videos! They are so uplifting. Even the sad ones watching you both go through this. Keep smiling and stay positive! Doggie hugs and kisses are the best! Sending sunshine ☀️
wow bec! as always you and eamon are so inspiring even through such a hard time. I hope you feel the love and support from this community! sending you and your family as much love and happiness and healing energy as i can! you're amazing
Praying and sending love and happy thoughts! 🙏🏻
🥰😘🥰😇
The love of a dog is wonderful a gift he will be a Matron / Nurse for you Bec giving those awesome dog snogs and peaceful energy with a sprinkle of silly ness.  A friend to walk and talk with Eamon when Bec resting  and u need to get stuff of ur chest and outta of ur head. I have had many years of ill health and struggling just now we had to put my dog to sleep and house no longer felt complete. I was no more dogs as I am mainly bed confined or when on rare occasions out in wheelchair. My husband was never a pet person but I came with animals lol... he has seen my sadness and was ok  if right dog comes along I will do all walks and u do all the snogs and cuddles. Well 2 weeks ago on a Friday dog charity we got our last dog from happened to send out email to all previous adopters saying service beginning to return to pre Covid working and there on the site a beautiful 6.5 year old Black Standard Poodle who previously lived with cats... We have 2 old ladies and needed a dog that likes cats ... I called and as we are known to them the quickest adoption ever 4 days, later this Shetland Pony size Goofball has joined our home and fitted in perfectly the gentle giant lives on my bed and on sofa and gives beautiful cuddles even my husband besotted and now going out again walking and yes giving cuddles, as well.  I thank previous owner for acknowledgement she could no longer cope with big dog and made right choice to re home. Piper brings such joy into our life.  My aim is to even get out into garden to sit and play ball even if freezing cold I will warm up. Bec and Eamon this will be a bumpy road but as you both have found there is, always a spark of joy and all else fails u can not beat a dog snog and cuddle. X
Good thing you kept sharing your life. Remember this type of cancer is NOT caused by the way you live or what you eat. It's just a couple of cells which had a plan of their own. Everybody has those cells, but they don't always succeed in their plan to take over the entire body.  Times will be hard, you will feel very sick after treatments, but there are also day's you feel better. Try to keep in shape and keep on weight. Eamon has a very difficult time to keep giving love as much as he can, without knowing how you feel. I can feel a good vibe between you two and Eamon is a very loving person. Let him know and feel loved too.  By the way, don't underestimate your dog, he is probably feeling better how you feel than you yourself. Let him comfort you and play with him when he thinks it is good for you.  Enjoy company and love. Love is the most important factor in being able to get healthy again.
Many, many prayers for your complete healing. Thanks for sharing your story. Eamon is a rock star of support. So funny to see Osso chase the drone. Loved Osso’s quip at the end.
Oh Bec I hate this. In the sweet name of Jesus I pray for you to be cancer free.Thank you Lord🙏🏻
You got this Bec. I use to work in oncology, I haven't watched the whole video yet and please please talk to you oncology team but you might want to look at fasting before and after chemo for side effect and targeting cancer cells, lots of very interesting study about this out there.
You will heal and all this shall pass. Love from India 🇮🇳
I’m a breast cancer survivor and would strongly suggest reading Gabor Mate’s book “When the Body Says No”. It explained why I got cancer when nothing else would.
Sending prayers and warm thoughts to you from Minnesota. Thank you for sharing the highs and the lows of your journey. It is beautiful how you are supporting each other through this and we are cheering for you. I'm glad you have your cozy cabin and a good support system.
Sending you so much light and positivity in your healing journey. You got this!!
All love and healing to you. I thought you’d like to know I’m going back and watching all of Max and Lee to honor Lee and what a joy she was and continues to be.
Eamon = REAL MAN
Have just been thinking about you for a bit...so proud of you for the positive spirit you are maintaining.  I cant imagine having to go thru something like this.  All my love to you and Eamon for the journeys you are both going thru.
Praying always Bec keep your spirit up girlfriend got your family awesome husband get though this you got this godbless 🙏🙏🙋🏻‍♀️🤗
I wish you the best.❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥
I'm a third time cancer survivor and girlfriend you got this... And you will meet other people that are getting treatments as well and you will bond with a few of them.. talk when you want to talk and don't talk when you don't... You're a warrior girlfriend.... You got this... And the weirdest thing for me was when my hair grew back in it came in curly and I've never had curly hair in my entire life I don't know how to cut it I don't know how to style it but  that maybe a blessing.... If I can suggest one thing is to get a lot of ginger root you can find it in the vegetable aisle the root itself you cut three chunks of it do not peel it and put it in a cup of water put in the microwave oil for 2 to 3 minutes and don't take the ginger it out cuz it'll start to get stronger and you sip on it and that will help with the nausea tremendously plus whatever they give you so the worst part is probably the fatigue and the nausea so do whatever you can to keep that under control and you'll do great love and prayers for you both and love fromUtah
Sending you lots of love💛 ...don't forget that while you are sleeping you are giving your body a chance to do all the WORK it needs to do on the inside. You ARE working! Your now working at the cellular level. It's much different WORK but work is work. Please take the opportunity to recognize what your body is doing for you. You've got this!!
Looks like Osso/Bear came into your lives just in time ;-).  Pup love is like the best Vit D.  And maybe his morning kisses are just that - the Vit D to help with the liquid sunshine do its job.  🐕❣💛 Tons of positive energy coming your way from Cape Breton.
Y’all are just beautiful people <3
You two are so special and I'm sending you so much love. I'm so happy you have Bear, dogs are the best.
Good luck to you. Bec! You WILL get through this!
The treatment is definitely the best we have... But we're a bunch of morons, so that's explains a few things. It does its job, we don't know any better but, yes for sure add anything that you assess to help and improve on it♥️
Love love l❤️ve
My heart feels so heavy for you guys, you’re doing amazing. The way you share your story is inspiring and is helping lots of people! As long as you’re taking care of you first!🤍 btw Oso is the cutest pup, he looks like a cuddly teddy bear😍
My best friend had stage 3 breast cancer. Had a mastectomy and eight months of chemo. Then 6 weeks of radiation.  That was 23 years ago. She's been cancer free since. Light and love to you.
Sending you healing vibes Bec.  You are a real inspiration.  Stay strong 💪🏻
You both are so strong. Sending healing hugs your way Bec.
Many blessings for you, Bec. You and Eamon will conquer this hard time in life. Also, Oso will be one of your greatest joys during this time. There is something magical and sacred about a dog. He'll be a light in your darker, harder hours.
OMG so many emotions… so feeling the love you 2 have for each other and also, my heart sank when eamon had to leave bec at the hospital for her treatment. I cried for both of you. You are lucky to have each other and a wonderful support group. You’ve got this!!
I love you all! I wish you would go check out a YouTube channel "Noah's Heros" he is 6yrs old and has been battling leukemia for the last few yrs! ZHC and his team were painting a hospital and met Noah and ask for people to subscribe to him-he has received a 100,000 Subscriber plaque! He is SO positive and he is always dancing! I really think you would like his positivity and just how sweet he is! I love you Bec-I love you Eamon and I love you Osso! Sending big hugs and love!💜😘🙏🍵
Love and prayers sending youre way youre a strong beautiful and posotive woman youre gonna get through this i believe in you i love and apprechiate you guys stay srong beautiful.
Bec you are so incredibly brave and I cannot wait for this to be over for both of you and see you both smile and go on adventures like you always do. You both deserve the best and I'm praying for you guys every night ❤️ sending love from the UK ❤️
Sharing such a major personal event and doing it with such honesty and grace ... both of you, Eamon & Bec, are awesome!  Sending you healing positive vibes and lots and lots of love!!!
Hi Bec & Eamon! Ok, so I don’t know how to send videos (to make you laugh) buT!! I love comedy. Standups. My biggest recommendation is Iliza Schlesinger. She has her shows on Netflix. She is a gem.  Hope you get her humor and some good laughs. Keep shining that bright light sweet girl! We see it here…Love from Massachusetts 🌸🌟
Sending you guys all the very best vibes well wishes..Thinking of you both..Hugs from Cape Breton Island, Canada
Thank you for sharing your journey Eamon and Bec ❤️ praying for both of you
I am 7 years clean…you can do this.
I have been praying for you so much the last couple weeks. Sending all the good energy your way. If there is any way we (your YouTube family) can help please let us know!
Sending love to you both. And if you need something wonderful to think of on hard days; there are over a million people here who are wishing you well and sending you love. That's a million days worth, right?!
Liquid sunshine 🌻
Want to let you guys know that my prayer partner and I are on this journey with you. We're lifting you up regularly and trusting that God has a good purpose in all of this. Great to see you both standing strong!!
💜🌀🌷🦚👍🏻
Seeing you still have that beautiful smile means it’s going to be ok!
🙏🏿🙏🏿
Positive vibes and energy for your journey together. Xx
Eamon and Bec, I have a lot of compassion for what you both are going through. Chemo fog isn’t easy to go through. I was diagnosed with Stage 4 colon cancer this past July. After going through Fulfox Chemo and now on Avastin, radiation is coming next. I don’t accept this growth in my body. I’m surprised your doctor didn’t implant a smart port for your infusions. You two are strong. It may be a rough journey at times but I have faith  you’ll get through this. Peace and Love!
This sounds crazy probably but if you ate a carnivore diet, it might help regulate the hormones that are being fed by your diet. ♥️ wish you guys the best.
All the feels in this video! Keep strong you both and keep on fighting ♥️💪 You can do this!
Bec. I am not the type of person to leave a comment, but I want to share what has changed my life around living with Multiple Sclerosis, an autoimmune disease. I completely change the way I eat with the help of The Wahls Protocol by Terry Wahls. I am able to live again and take care of my family. I am sending my prayers to your family.
Bec...      Your a true incredible woman. Your body has so powerful ! I'm pray for you rn! 🙏 I pray God heals you and gives you good health. I pray this journey goes by so fast.. your viewers are always a message away! Rest up love samantha in the UK 🇬🇧 ❤
Berberine…. Elderberry….
please please please try to eat mostly cooked food. i got my left breast amputated last summer and still trying to kick my metabolism. with cooked light food one can give body more power to recover
Regardless of what mindset you are in and what you present on camera, you are still an inspiration to all of us. ❤️❤️ we love you and will support you and whatever you decide to share about your journey. Much love. ❤️❤️
It’s always hard to find words to encourage people in your position. My thoughts and best wishes for a speedy recovery and return to the normal you. Love and hugs to you both. 😉😉😉
I love how you have taken this diagnosis in stride and are appreciating the leaps and bounds that modern medicine has made. You are an inspiration to anyone dealing with cancer as well. Thank you for sharing this journey. I totally cry at each video but I love watching them.
Breast cancer in the left breast means forgiveness from your father breast cancer in the right breast means forgiveness from your mom. Forgiveness is the 🗝️....Get closer to GOD♥️♥️♥️♥️🙏🙏🙏🙏
Bec and Eamon I have been sending you energy your way. Bec I have been sending you the thought make your own wig from your hair since your first vid! I can't believe you said it. Not to mention when your finished you can send the wig on to another, who will need it. (don't know if that is possible but it would be a heaven sent pay it forward). It is okay to film the reality. True life is messy. love and light-s
Eat some fish at least.  Your body needs those nutrients.
Oso is the first foster puppy that truly matches your two’s energy
You both are so incredibly brave and beautiful, inside and out! Thank you for sharing your journey. Sending positive and healing vibes ✨ to you both 💛💫🌼 P.S I think Oso is the perfect fur baby for you both 😉💛
You're doing all the right things while giving to so many people by sharing your journey. It sounds like your therapist is working with you on stages of grief - your need to know the causes in order to feel some sense of control is a very natural part of the process - so you can 'lean into it' along with all the rest and healthy living. Thank you for your courage and for keeping it real.
You're doing so great. I don't know how much you feel like eating or anything when you are nauseous, but, when my mom was going through chemo candied ginger was a life saver for her.
I met a lovely woman in Home Depot  in the same boat as you lovely girl. She was wearing a continuous blood glucose monitor. Perhaps worth researching the relationship between cancer and it’s food supply.  Starve it!  A newer protocol.
Accept my apology. I did not mean to link the The YouTube video. I just don't want to take credit for someone else's words. Peace and love and prayers
I have gained such respect for the way that you are staying positive. My Mom had cancer and beat it. I know you can too, May God continue to give you strength on your journey.
An allegory: in precious metal forging there is an essential process called anealing. As the metal is hammered it becomes resistant, the molecular bonds tighten and if you keep going, it will crack. So, what you do is heat the metal cherry red and quench it in water. The bonds soften and relax; it then takes shape readily and easily. It moves toward becoming what it is meant to be.       I think of that in tough times, times of feeling in the fire. You, and Eamon are precious and you are becoming more despite how diminished you feel.      I don't know if you will read this, so many comments, but I hope that somehow it braces and reassures you simply because I put the words here. 💗👍 Wishing you both all the best!
My hats off to you also Eamon 👍
I believe with everything in me that lee sent you oso to help with All of this... You are strong and you're going to kick this in the butt... I love you both so much ❤️
Sending so much love nobody should have to go through this ❤❤❤
💞💞💞 praying for you guys.love from county Wicklow Ireland.
Thanking of you both and praying for your strength and recovery. You 2 got this!
You are amazing! Stay positive.🙏❤️
🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
SOY is deadly!  Stop eating anything that has soy in it !  My 3 stage cancer, uterus in side and out & my whole cervix was engulfed with cancer!     Talk to Dr John Bergman in Huntington. Beach California.  He has helped hundreds all around the world about cancer.     I ate soy products 2-5 times a week and my biopsy showed that it was derived or developed from the soy products that I Thought were good for me.   Please check into this.  I could not go the radiation & chemo route due to loose of spleen and damaged liver.  Please please look into this Bec.
Just realized I've been sitting here with a stupid grin on my face cherishing your positive attitude, smart choices, love for each other and of course Osso. Much love to you both.
Wishing you the best ,love watching your videos . You are strong you can do it all the best from co.kerry  Ireland xxx
Eamon and Bec 1st I want to thank you for sharing ur journey. 2nd I just love you two (three Asos sorry buddy I don't want to forget you) 3rd You both are an inspiration to all you touch. I got a 100! Tell me if you want me to keep going...and when I'm done with that 100 I'll have a 100 more. Nothing but love and respect from Kentucky. 🙏💕🙏💕🙏 YOU GOT THIS!
Prayers upon prayers.
Eamon thank you for sharing your journey through this as well and showing the best way to be a supportive partner during this life experience. You both are so inspirational and Oso just melts my ❤️
To me Eamon always used to come across as a funny,, light natured youngster who enjoys things tht are fun..untill now when i see a "REAL MAN rare to find".. who stays by his women in the most tragic times whn most "cooldudes" run away frm such hafty situations...my respect has increased multiple times fr him... men like him is every girl's dream... N u hv him bec...stay positive for him..u ll come out of this like a superstar as u already are.."not all are as lucky as u... the silver lining i cn say to u..". 💐🙏
I hope soon you can go whit Bec 🙏♥️ i could not be with my grand mother in 2020 and still very hard. ♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
Hi guys My prayers and my vibes are sent to you.
Eeamon and Bec, you are 2 light beans came into this world to show people love, kindness, friendship and pushing limits&trust! You are the best🥰 I send a lot of love from Romania to you both!
You’ve got this guys! Sending lots of love ❤️
I'm rooting for Rebecca! Been thinking about you a lot lately. You've got this! - From a fellow MIT Grad :)
You are in my prayers and I think of you all the time. You are such a strong woman and your Eamon has been so sweet and supportive. Sending many positive vibes your way. 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻💗💗💗
🥰YOU’VE GOT THIS!!!🥰 So much love and respect for you guys through this journey. Thanks for sharing your love, hardship’s, LIFE with us. Even though this is so damn hard, please know that we are all here praying and sending you all kinds of love from all over the world.🌎🙏🏼❤️
Sending heartfelt hugs and prayers as you go on this journey.
♡♡♡♡
Your a fighter, You will beat this.  Prayers and positive thoughts to you two.
Pardon my French.  That is so fucking hard to watch.  Can't imagine the emotional up and downs you are going through.  Wishing you all the best.  Our daughter-in-law's tumour shrank from 4 cm to 1 cm after 1 treatment.  I think because of her age - under 40 - that they are hitting her with both barrels.  Wishing you the same results - or better.  Lots of Love from London, ON  🇨🇦
You are so strong!!! And girl you Need to bring back those bangs as your hair comes back, they look amazing on you!!
Pulling for you and wishing you all the best.  You have the right attitude and that will help you get through this.  It sucks and is unfair, I know very well what you are going through.  Stay strong and this too shall pass. 🙏
Prayers ❤️ God bless ❤️ Glad to see you have some positive thoughts ! You will need it ! ❤❤❤❤
"Finding Beauty in the sadness".. https://youtu.be/kD_Fr3VAsYM
No long comment needed Love you Guys thanks for sharing. Beck, I had cancer as well so I sort of know the thought process. Take care guys.
You are so strong.  I’m so sorry you are going through this.  And it’s okay to not be okay.  Don’t forget that.
You are doing great Bec... I'll be praying for you always..  So glad that they boys are taking good care of you.. ❤️❤️❤️
Sending all my love and healing energy to you both. Thank you for sharing this journey, and framing it in the light that is so special to the two of you. <3
Bec and Eamon you are in my prayers everyday.  I cried through this whole video.. sending you big hugs and so much love❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
There is no. Rhyme or reason to this vile disease. But we are holding you in our hearts. Just stay strong xxxx
You look beautiful! Can you share where you got your cozy outfit from?
love you guys!!! in our thoughts and prayers daily
I love to see how positive you are being throughout this journey. My mom would tell me when she was fighting her own cancer battle that her attitude towards everything was something she wouldn't let cancer take away from her. She wouldn't let cancer take away the opportunities to have great days, by invading her thoughts and turning them negative. I see that in you & I am so happy for you that you are trying to keep the days as good as you can! You'll have bad days, that's okay, just know they won't last!
Eamon, one of the hardest things in the world is to watch the person you love most go through something like this.  Your support and love are beautiful to behold.  I know you'll remember to take care of yourself during this journey, so that you can be there for your beloved Bec.  I'm so proud of you.    Bec, I love the way you call the chemo treatments "liquid sunshine!"  It's also heartening to see you getting all your supplies/healing foods/spirit ready for the inevitable "sunburn".  It's rough, but as you already know, it's worth it.  Also, nice to see your new haircut!  The bangs are adorable.  Oh...and the "fuzzy baby chicken hair" phase can be oddly freeing.  At least that's what my mother (and several friends) told me.  Love to you both. <3
When I was going through my chemotherapy someone who had been through the same thing told me, you start to feel like crap on day three and then you have to do it all again.  If your mind set is to go forward, it will help you in the long run when your body rebels against the medication.  Every journey is different, but please know that those of us who have been on this path or those of us who are on this path, are cheering you on.  You have a great support system which also makes all the difference.  My husband and daughter were my biggest support and still are.  My work friends rallied around me on days I didn't feel like being there.    Always in my thoughts and prayers.
You are very very strong you make me want to be stronger so for that thank you no matter what life throws at you you make it better
So proud of you both. I cried and laughed during your video. I keep you in my prayers.
Make sure to bring a blanket with you it gets cold in the infusion room
23:47 Eamon I know it's not politically correct to say this but. You have to be the man! She is counting on you She is depending on you! You got to be the man in this situation. You got to take charge You have to be strong for her. They're going to be moments that she's going to lose all hope she's going to be filled with despair and that is the time that you have to be the man and you have to make her smile. They're going to be times that she's going to be angry with you for no reason and those are the times that you have to make her laugh. And they're going to be times that she's going to wish for death and those are the times you have to convince her to stay alive. YOU HAVE TO BE THE MAN!   I'm sure I speak for all the men in the comment section We got your back We back you up 100% brother!
Eamon, Bec & Bear you are absolute rockstars! I am in awe of your magical energies and strength. I am sending you so much love, healing thoughts and positive vibes. Please know we are all here for you, whatever you need. You got this! <3
Proud of you Bec❤️🤘 love seeing Eamon support you with so much love. Both my mom and grandmother survived breast cancer, my grandma had a mastectomy. You got this 💪💗 also thank you guys for introducing me to Athletic Greens, it’s changed my life especially for 10 hour work days on the road. Sending all the love and light and positive vibes your way✨🌟
You both got this.  Keep the positivity flowing, and we will too!
This is a very inspirational approach to mental health. I'm wishing you all the best. I hope you'll be around for a very long time!
I will keep praying for your healing. Great job Eamon.
Tearing as I watch this. Thanks for documenting this as hard as it may be for you both. The worry and hearteache in Eamon's eyes, the positive side that Bec is trying to bring even though she might be scared of what's coming. Just know we are here for you both ❤❤
Sending pozitive thoughts!!! Keep being strong and everything will turn out exactly how you want it to!!✨❤️
Thank you for sharing with us.  You both are amazing 🥲.
Love you guys! Sending positivity, prayers and sunshine your way!
We love you Bec!! Please Stay strong we will be 🙏 for you both ❤️ You
Oh Bec!  Sending tons of hugs and love your way! 💖💖. Totally stinks that Eamon can’t be with a Bec during treatments! Sending >hugs< to you both! PS I love how OssoBear’s tail wags in circles when Bec pets/hugs him! 💙 PSS Love the drone video on the lake!
Thank you for allowing us to join you both on thos journey as we have so many others. Seneing love and light your way always. ❤
Thinking of you and wishing you well… ‘every day in every way I’m getting better’ ! That’s my girl ! Xx
Wishing you so much light and love!!! Unfortunately I have had more than a few family and friends deal with cancer (skin cancer myself) and I know how much this process can be! I would also suggest perhaps a tofu free diet?
You are so strong Bec.❤️ you got this
Thankful for your openness, also thankful for the amazing care we receive in Canada.
The amount of relief from seeing this video today is unreal! Bec I have been thinking non stop about you and your journey! Your so strong, beautiful and unbelievable! Thank you for opening up to us and taking us along! So much love and support from your fellow Canadian friend ❤️ love and light
Sending positive thoughts your way! You are both super strong!
Thanks for sharing this Bec. You have a lot of people in your corner sending positive and healing thoughts your way!
I also wanted to share to look into electrolyzed reduced water and cancer on pubmed/any study sights. There is a machine that produces this water and can be extremely beneficial for your body for what’s going on and on top of that, chemo. Love to you💕
Been thinking of you Bec (and Eamon) and always sending you positive vibes. As you go through this I’m also struck in my heart for the people you meet and share treatments with in the chemo room. Please let them know that I send positive healing thoughts to them too! 😊☀️💛🤗
thats a cute haircut :)
I ❤️ you.
❤
Go Alkaline!!!!! Reduce the acid in your body! My friend had breast cancer that went to her lungs. She was told that there was nothing left to do, go home and be comfortable. Her time was up. She said NO! She went alkaline and now is 14 years cancer free! She is not in remission! She is cancer free and thriving! You’ve got this! You are strong!
hey Lovers!! :P so, i see you are having a hard time and you want to know why. how could this happen... well in the life im living now i had a brain tumor from cell phones and cell towers. you know those things are basickley open air, high power mycrowave emiters right... i cant even be near a working mycrowave without feeling like im gana pass out... i also got a mass (probably cancer) growing on a kidny ever since "they" gave me the shot against my will... you've had your shots right? do you have wifi in your house? do you have a  "smart meter" from the power company? do you have "smart home" gadjets? well guess what...do you grow your food your self from original untamperd seeds?  and lets not forget we now have starlink raining down on us cancer rays 24/7 now...so unless your house is a feraday cage... i can go on but i think you get it... but its not all bad news. i will leave you with this little nugget. always remember. no matter what happens. life has its reasons. everything happens for a reason. it is your job to learn from it all and become better than you were.  i think of you 2 very often, i watch all your videos. the memory of me, recently single, tucked in under your bead being welcomed with love in to yours is sired in my mind ;) ty for the love you shoed me in that life. remember, we are all one. :) -Lee (from beyond space and time ;) )
Bec you are a champion! Eamon as well for taking such great care of you!  Love you guys!
Oh Bec thank you for sharing this with us.♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
Our, sweet Bec, you are so strong and so brave. You can and absolutely will kick cancer right in the arse.  Eamon.. you sir, are one of the kindest, most thoughtfully funny and empathetic men I have ever seen. You are a flippin" Rockstar.
This is such a journey for both of you.  Map it out in the world.....each milestone is the next destination until you reach your final destination.  I am so proud of both of you for making this journey public.  It will help so many people.  It is the most selfless approach to this that I have ever seen.  May God Bless both of you and keep you in his loving arms.
Praying for you 🙏 and I love how positive you are! I'm glad you have a partner like aemon! Support from from your tribe is a key element of healing! I'm sure you are going to have bad days but as long as you don't give up you will beat it! Thank you for sharing your journey with all of us! Aemon make sure you get time for yourself to caregiver burnout is a real thing and you will need time to yourself to! Sending good vibes and prayers! Love and light!
About good dumb luck: discovered in time, treated in time, with a great place to *enjoy recovering😉♥️  Oh and the company, great dogs😉
Wishing and praying for nothing but the best for you guys ❤️❤️ Also I had no idea you guys were from the Kingston/Ottawa area!
Thank you so much for opening up and sharing. You are so strong to be going through this and share it with the world! I wish you nothing but health and happiness ❤️
You're  doing great!  Praying for you guys😍
Your a strong 💪 person!!!! You are going to be fabulous. This will be all behind you soon. Sending you love and hugs 🤗 🙏🥰
❤❤❤
So sorry you are too young. Blessing and healing to you. Keep Faith. We who have or had breast cancer must keep the faith and heal. Love to you dear Bec. Goodman Eamon.
Thinking of you guys ❤️ positive vides 🦋
As l follow Keto, might l suggest you stop the intake of fruit/fructose, cancer loves fructose, all sugars & carbs...
Bec, you are 1 tough cookie,you will get thru this,your in my prayers
I cried for you today Bec. Because seeing you suffering reminded me of the times I was suffering and watching your videos brought a smile to my face. I hope these messages bring a smile to your aswell. Really praying for you alot. 😘😘😘
Thank you very much for sharing your story❤
My visualization was pacmen…going in to get my pacmen to gobble up those c cells!
Was that the lake you were walking on at the end? Lol I live in Orlando, FL so it's hard for me to comprehend your weather.
The view from the drone of you, Eamon, and Bear, walking across the lake was breathtaking, and when he started to run it was just like a beautiful scene out of a movie.  Thanks for posting, I appreciate being part of your journey. Much love ❤️
💤💤💤💤🌞🌞🌞&🥕🥑🍍! You got this! 💪💪💪💪
What an absolute gem and beauty you are Bec!!! I’m praying for you all of the time! So amazed by you and Eamon both, y’all are just simply pure!!!!
Just posting again, Bec you've been my touchstone so far throughout my own diagnosis & treatment process. Love you & Eamon both, wishing you all & myself strength to get through this ordeal!
Sweet Bec love your positive vibes keep strong love you
Been thinking about, and worrying about you all week. ❤️
🤗❤️❤️❤️
I'm so glad you have so much support through this. It's also so generous for you to share your journey with anyone who may need to see it. I've been an oncology nurse for 17 years but we don't go home with patients and sit with them as they work through the day to day. The appreciation of one thing each day really stuck with me because that's something I find myself doing to get through hard things.  Sending you good energy and support as you work through these months. 💕
I love that the dr realize how important Eamon is in this and his mental health and feelings as well!! It’s very easy to only focus all the love on the cancer patients but their supporters are just as importantly to love on!! Best wishes on this hard journey you have set out on, but I know you will do amazing!! Take this time to learn so many new things about yourself and be so kind to yourself! It’s easy to say well I use to live like this and try to push yourself to do things but don’t do them enjoy the rest and take it easy life isn’t normal right now and it’s ok to be easy on your body and soul during this time!! Lots of love and positivity to you both!! Stay strong and fight hard!! Thanks for sharing your journey I know this is a blip in your beautiful life adventures!! Also every body is different and experience things differently but a lil trick I’ve seen work with hair loss is kinda gross but in the two ppl I’ve got to try it has actually worked or their body just did well but one was 72!! Don’t wash your hair at all or only once a month during chemo don’t brush it often honestly just braiding it and leaving it along is best but don’t let it get knotted(rats nest) just comb softly!! This sounds crazy but anything is worth a shot and like I said the ppl I’ve seen do this didn’t lose much of their hair at all it got very thin but no bald spots or anything! The 72 didn’t wet or wash all through chemo and saw best results she did have some scans we took care of as needed and they healed up with no hair loss!
Sending Prayers 🙏 and Love ❤️ Always thinking of you
I'm so proud of you bec you so got this hun kick it's arse my best friend went through chemo too I held the bowl and helped her the best way I could we also laughed a lot too but she early died last year which was the most were time for me but watching you gives me comfort but I know you will get better and have lots of babies and live a wonderful life love you both see you Sunday lots of love Lisa xxxx
You both are a bunch of bad asses!! Try to keep that positive attitude. Each time you said liquid sunshine we giggled, you guys are too cute. We are feeling so privileged (and grateful) to follow your journey ❤️
Sending hugs and support for both of you on this journey. I just want to reach out and give you a big hug🤗. Eamon and Oso are amazing caregivers♥️ Sending thoughts and prayers.....
Only Canadians would go to a dog park and expect other people to be there when its that cold with that much snow 😂♥️ I think these vlogs have been so educational but most importantly they’ve been inspiring! Every one in life faces challenges and I feel ya’”ll are showing a well-balanced view of both the hard and the happy moments. PROUD OF BOTH OF YOU during this difficult time! Continue to look for those small grateful moments! 💪🏼 (Obsessed with the bob cut + all the new house decor in the background)
So so proud of both of you!✨ still sending all the positive and healing energy your way❤️‍🩹✨
My best wishes and prayers are with you both
Continue to send to live support and positive vibes Bec.  It’s a rough journey without a doubt but there is an amazing support system amongst your family, friends and all of us.  Eamon is amazing!!  There is nothing like having a supportive positive someone who loves you .    Thinking good thoughts everyday hoping they reach your heart and mind.
Thank goodness for your beautiful home , a wonderful place to rest and heal xoxo
Feeling all the feels right with you, Bec and Eamon. You are both truly amazing and inspirational individuals - with all the highs AND lows. The positive attitude and support you give each other is inspirational. Sharing the difficult, emotional, scary moments makes you real and so relatable. It blows my heart wide open…  Thank you for sharing this most vulnerable of journeys with us. My thoughts and prayers are with you both for the best possible outcome for each step of the way.  You can do this!! ❤️💪🏻❤️💪🏻❤️💪🏻
I love the name and I love the realism. Thank you 🙏🏾
I wish you that this pass quickly and go back soon to your normal life. God bless you.
Bec I am sending you love, prayers and yes you are healing. Be strong dear girl. You are doing this amazingly. Love to you both. You are constantly in my heart and mind. Thank you for sharing this. You are incredible.  Don't  worry if you can't. The world is literally behind you. ❤
My heart is so heavy, but i could not be more grateful for your ability to share this experience. Thank you for being so open and honest.
Don’t know if you were vaccinated but cancer rates have exponentially increased in the last year do not rule this out
The oncologist telling you he wouldn’t give you anything he wouldn’t give to his own daughter really touched my heart.. I’ve had tons of ongoing medical issues / surgeries over the last couple of years and a caring and loving doctor truly can make all of the difference. You’ve got so much support and love behind you Bec. You got this!!!!
Sending you both so much love and you're always in our prayers.  I'm sure you're getting tons of info being sent to you and here's some more. Look up this book by Louise Hay - You Can Heal Your Life. It will help to stay in a positive mind set etc.  And another source of healing is Gerson Therapy. Google Max Gerson and anything you can find. They were curing diseases we still have today. Much love Denise xo
Our thoughts and prayers are with you guys!!
you have been on my mind and been sending good energy and healing prayers to you 💛   I loved how Eamon opened his arms wide open for a hug. A love like this ♥️ I am so inspired ✨
You got this …. keep on being positive you have so much love and prayers around you Keep in mind your not a super hero your just a human being that’s in this for the long haul  Having. No Control but the mind as to be in sync with the body surround yourself with the best health care and take advantage of the fact you are able to have treatment  Best of all your not alone !!  Sending good vibes and prayers
Hi bec. I just wanted to say thank you for sharing your story. Because of you I did a self exam and found a lump  and was quickly booked for mammogram and both mammogram and ultrasound found a suspicious lump bi-rads4 I just had a biopsy done and am waiting anxiously to find out if I am sick or not. For me this has been overwhelming I can’t imagine what you are going through. But thank you, you may have just saved my life. Wishing you all the best and I know you will beat this. You’re the strongest lady I know. Xoxox
HEY YOU DO YOU. Just sharing the experience is so generous.
My Great-aunt is going through Chemo to
Hair looks super cute short. I am a praying lady. Throughout this video I was praying for you.
Sending you guys so much love. I have to say bc I cannot just keep quiet.. but PLEASE do not get the booster. I whole heartedly people it’s escalating any cancer in ppls bodies. 2 members in my fam are fully boosted and just diagnosed w RARE blood cancer and a lymphoma. My bfs mom/step dad nurses seeing a ridiculous amount of cancer this year.. more then normal. God bless you guys. I pray for healing 🙏🏻
Bec I am sending you prayers ❤️
I feel like Oso came in at rhe perfect time!❤❤❤ lots of love & light!
You are both so brave, so strong and such beautiful people❤️ And “Oso/Bear”, he’s amazing as well😊
Have they scheduled you for a port for your chemo?? My wife is going though breast cancer also and is half way thought. We start AC chemo on Tuesday.
I dont know what you are going though personally but all the love and I believe you will be okay! You are so strong and brave..  the part where you have to leave to go in the hospital by yourself broke my heart. You are so strong! I am happy you have a good support system.❤
Here for you always.
I had the red devil too!  Drink lots of water. I kept away from Dr. Google too.  Best advice I got from my surgeon.  You are a strong 💪🏼 survivor!   💞~Ronnie-one of your many survivor sisters!
How long does one appt take?  You are a warrior!
"Americans are the only people that seem to believe that bad things do not happen to good people" --- Colonel Faruk Arunachian (WORLD WAR Z)
you both have been in my thoughts & prayers consistently. you are both SO strong and will get through this! Bec -- you are superwoman. love you both so much <3
Hi there my husband had probs with his throat and he had a teaspoon of Manuka honey… soothing and  good
Love the hair style. Sending healing vibes and prayers to you both. 🙏🙏🙏🙏
Sending love and hugs. When I met with my radiation oncologist and everything was being explained, it actually was a huge relief.  You're both in my thoughts! ❤
Eamon you are solid sunshine  💛💛
Lots of love, strength, energy and positive thoughts… 😘😘
*I'm feeling all the feels right now.. breast cancer is in my family and I'm praying for both of you right now! 🥰🙏🥰🙏🥰🙏🥰🙏🥰  Bec you are a strong woman and you got this!! Eamon you are just as strong and being there for her is the best medicine.  Sending Good Sunny Vibes your way from Sunny South Florida!!🌞  PS- I know its irrelevant but Mayo helps with the water rings on your table 🤙Dab a thick layer of mayo on the rings and let sit till the rings disappear! Then wipe away!!  It's like magic!!!💫🤯💫
Just goes to show no matter how healthy you treat your body things like this will happen!
I have smiled and cried through the past few videos especially today. You have such a good heart and you can’t help to say why? Why Bec? She is good and loving and does not deserve this. I have prayer for you and I keep checking to see if there are any updates even on Instagram. It’s crazy when you haven’t even met someone in real life and yet they feel like they’re your best friend and family then you just want to hug them and tell them it’s going to be OK. I love you both and I’m so proud of Eamon for taking care of you. I know this affects him as well and his heart hurts too. God is a miracle worker and you are his child and he will not let you down. Sending you love and prayers Bec! You got this. 🙏🏼❤️
**hugs** ☀️
You are so strong and inspiring - sending lots of love
Sugar feeds cancer. 🙏🏽for you!
Sending Love & light to both of you, hugs 🤗 are the best. Stay strong 💪 , you are in my thoughts and prayers 🙏
don't be gullible none of those things work  they're all gimmicks. And you advertising them is only proof
Sending you my strength and courage
This gave me allll the feels love you guys stay strong  You got this !!  All the love from Ennismore Ontario !
You are so strong Bec! Beautiful video, you got this <3
You guys are gonna smash this. I was an oncology nurse for 10 years and seeing your journey is so special. Thank you for sharing. And I'm so glad you have Oso to help you through, he's beautiful.
Way to go Eamon , Bec and Bear!!   Sending thoughts and prayers……good vibes and Fantastic Energy’s
Bec, you’re so incredibly strong! You’re an inspiration.  Bear is such a good pup!! He’s part of your family now. He’ll take care of y’all. 🥰
❤️
Sending you guys all my love❤️
All the love to you both!!!!  You two are the perfect team to survive this.  Kislck cancer in the sack!
You're all doing amazingly well. So inspiring. You've got this!!
I feel like Eamon about pharmaceuticals, but in the case of cancer, I'm stoked they've made leaps and bounds in regards to treating the WHOLE BODY (homeopathic) in addition to treatment.
😘
🥰
Sending many healing prayers to you both.❤❤❤🙏🙏🙏🙏
Cancer ridden body healed completely, this is for real guys She is still alive after a dozen years or so... Here's her story on TeD Talks Dying to be me: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhcJNJbRJ6U
Positive energy being channeled your way. Challenges have never stopped you guys from reaching your dreams. This is just a different challenge that you both will conquer together. and...you have your entire YOUTUBE family praying for you.
♥️♥️♥️
Thanks for sharing...your even beautiful when your puking lol
Feels wierd to like this video. 😩
you need some proper food instead of the vegan rubbish
Love you, you are such a wonderful loving couple,  the love you have is contagious, I teared up all episode
I didn’t realize it until this video but the day you were diagnosed was the day my dad lost his battle to cancer. 12/21/21 will always be an important day. I hope you guys are doing as well as you can. ❤️
Got pretty teary eyed in parts and thinking, "dadgumit!" Yeah, I'm not so tough, but just know that I love you both and am sending prayers, good vibes and LOTS of sunshine to you. Glad Oso is a blessing for you right now.
Hi guys so nice to see the love and support from everybody i will keep u in my prayers just a tip from me to u bec eat a lot of spinach very very good agains cancer worked for me keep strong and possitive lots of love and blessings from fan in south africa love u guys bye
You both are so strong and brave and have nothing but admiration and respect for you - wishing you all the best xx
Love you both and sending so much positivity your way 💛
❤🧡🧡💚💙❤🧡💛💚
I mean, if ya gotta do this, I’m  so happy you got your perfect home base to do this in!! Love your cabin!!!!
stay strong bec! we are all so so proud of you and wishing you all the best! sending our love and support from the states! love you both endlessly!
Hang in there Bec!!!  You can do it!  You got You and We got You!!!
You absolutely rock that bob, Bec! Eamon, what a wonderful gift you give Bec with every amazing meal you make and your constant love and support. Bec, you've got this. We're all rooting for you two!!! Much love.
Bec, you and Eamon are amazing. Sending all positive wishes your way x
You're a warrior, Bec.  Sending positive vibes to you both.
I don't know what tomorrow holds but I completely trust the One ☝️ who holds tomorrow. Keep looking up Beck, God is  just there with you. He will never let you down or alone, no matter where you are or what you are going through. Pray for you❤️
Great job #Bec!!!!!!. This is fantastic that you are sharing. I was diagnosed 12/2019 at 64,  I had the same drug as you for first 4 chemos, mine were two weeks apart as well. Then on to a different cocktail for 4 more. I could not do anything for 3 days after, and then got a little better everyday. I used to do laps in the house because my legs would get restless. I had genetic testing as well, didn't show anything. One of the hardest parts is the question why because you want to know how to keep it from coming back. I think very few people find out why. I never did, and like the geneticist said, you didn't do anything to cause it. The oncology nurses were the absolute best! They really helped me the most in managing the symptoms.
Thank you for sharing your journey with us. I am sending you guys lots of love, hugs, and kisses and good vibes.  Be Strong for each other!🥰🥰🥰🥰😍😍😍❣❣❣❣
Eamon & Bec, your only role while on this difficult journey is to ask for help, accept love and support and endure.
I don't even know you and I think you need more grace from God to live more each day. I am reading the Bible in a Year with Fr Mike Schmitz and I purposed, I intentioned, dedicated my prayers for you this morning. I had to stop with tears to write you. May God bless! Love your channel
OMG, I cannot even imagine what you two are going through. I cried the whole time watching the video. <3  But this dog? He IS an angel. How something so big can be so sensitive?!  xxxxxx
You have to be skeptical of the industry, but if you have a diagnosis, they have formulated the tests to identify them, si as to sell you drugs that work .. yeah infuriating   All I'm saying, take whatever they have to offer under medical supervision and throw at it anything else you assess (not believe, thoughts never healed broken bones, that's all you need to know, they contribute but that's it) to be right.
2:30 That is why people need to eat what they like NOT just stuff which others consider as healthy diets. Body needs everything not just vegetable. And stop drinking that unhealthy green powders you advertise all the time. JESUS!!!!
You got this Bec and Eamon!! Sending you all the positive vibes and energy!!! Oso is such a blessing! He came in with perfect timing...! Hug him and hold him tight! Dogs are healing creatures!🤍🤍
You are doing great Bec and Eamon!  You can do this! 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼 for strength, healing and peace on this journey!
We love you so so much! Sending u both so much strength and support during these challenging times.
Continued prayers over your journey. Love you both. You are such an amazing person. You both are. You and Eamon such a strong force.
💜
I do not know Canada’s laws but look into medical marijuana it will help it’s organic comes from a plant get edibles or you can vape and get high with Oso but it will help nausea , help anxiety, help with pain , help with sleep and if they just oils were you are you tube how to make gummies
Thank you for allowing us to be there with you and share our love ❤️❤️❤️ Blessings 🙏🙏🙏
You guys are so brave for not only facing this head-on but for sharing this journey with all of us. I pray for you every day....
So much hope and love for you both ❤️ your perpetual positivity in really difficult times is outstanding ❤️ you are a blessing on this earth and I wish you all the best in recovery and on this journey ❤️ as with all the journeys you two undertake, you will absolutely smash this and come out the other side stronger ❤️ we love you ❤️
Watching this journey has been insightful, hard to watch and healing for me. I’ll explain. My mom was diagnosed with cancer when I was 5-6 years old. I didn’t understand it at the time. She was roughly 32 or 33 when she was diagnosed back in the 90s. I’m currently 34 (as of last Sunday) and watching your story is giving me more or an understanding what my mom went through. It’s helping me to work through some of that childhood trauma I experienced witnessing my mom go through treatment as a single mom of two. Your positivity through it all reminds me of my mom and how she made moments like losing her hair a fun thing for her young kids. She let us cut her hair which would have been super fun for me as a 6 year old. I didn’t get then how hard everything was for her. I don’t even know how I want to end this comment but I send positive vibes your way. Thank you Bec and Eamon for being so open and honest.
Thank you for being so raw and real about your journey, sending you all the positive vibes✨
Bec, we all love you so so much and have been thinking about you and sending you ALL the good thoughts and white light. You are strong......you got this. 🤗❤️🙏🏼
Sending you all the best wishes and prayers and sunshine ❤️🙏🏻☀️
When I saw Ozo , I thought this is your dog. So Happy that you have him, unconditional Love for both of you💞🙏🙏🏾🙏🏻send prayers, hug's and Love. Spring will be here soon, or I hope so. Sunny day here in the back woods of Maine, USA but cold . You both are Beautiful, strong and doing a good job! Happy to see family there go mom and sis 💞🦋🐣🐣🐣
Thoughts and prayers for both of you so brave telling  your story take it one day at a time  one chemo session  at a time.  Bec you'll  get through  this
❤️
This is the first video from your channel that iv seen and I think I needed it !  I just got diagnosed with Crohn’s disease (which shouldent be compared to cancer ) but it’s still something I will live with for my entire life. I understand to feeling like iv done something wrong and have no control over a lot of things.   Thank you for helping me feel like someone is along with me and being so positive because I’m terrified that I’m get all the side effect and possible adverse reaction that can lead to death from the medication I need to live . It’s hard to view  the medication as something to be thankful for rather than fearful.
I'm sure loads of folks have added advice. I can't help myself because I'm a natural born helper.  Myers Cocktails are excellent for aiding in your cancer healing. If you haven't heard, it's intravenous therapy with vitamins, minerals, etc. aka, Immuno Therapy, it's key to well being. Blessings of support as you go further in on this journey. ✌🙏🥰  Oso is such a sweetie. Therapy in itself💖
I cried with you and I smiled with you! I had to pause the video at one point because my tears were burning my face. I sat for a moment and just took a deep breath and said a little prayer. Seeing it in Eamon’s eyes- the love, tenderness, fear, comfort- man it about undid me! ❤️ you guys and am praying each sunshine treatment makes you more of a superhero than I already think you are!!!
Sending circles of white light filled with prayers for you both! You got this! ❤️
So thrilled you have a “happy houndin “ in the mix !!  There’s just no luvs like dogs luvs ! 🐕❤️🐕❤️
Thank you for sharing your honest journey.  It's a great help to us women who can't understand the breast cancer journey which allows to enhance our compassion for those who do go through it.
Sending you all the love and positivity! 💕💕💕
I celebrate your love for each other.  It’s so supportive and alive! You both give life issues a new dimension. You recognize fear but life and love is always your focus. Sending you love always. 💛
Love from Denmark! 🥰❤
Sending love, support, and prayers to you Bec and to Eamon! AND OSO TOO! I have had multiple family members undergo cancer treatment with varying experiences and their journeys are the same yet their own different adventures. This is just another chapter in your adventure and know that we are all thinking about you! I'm sure Lee is looking down and cheering you on as you go through this! Thank you for being comfortable in sharing this with us and letting us in on your journey! Love lots from the Philippines! <3 ^_^
LET'S GO B! Y'ALL GOT THIS. Kick Cancer's ass.
So much strength in this video. From Bec, to Eamon, to positivity, to mentality, to energy, all the way to wanting to share it with the community. I hope you know that all. So much strength.
God Bec, my heart hurts so much for you. Im so glad you have Eamon to help you thru this. Thank you for sharing your journey. Sending all the love and healthy healing vibe I have to give. ❤️
Sending all the energy, love, support, sunshine that I've got. Keep going kid.
Think about both of you often…sending you guys lots of love ❤️
Three minutes in and I’m crying. I felt the exact same way as you did Bec five years ago. I like you did all the right things and genetics were clear. It isn’t your fault. It isn’t our fault.  Look into Dr. Joe Dispenza meditations. He has a YouTube channel with testimonies of thousands of people healing not by changing their environmental factors. And, he’s science based using imaging, labs, etc. It’s the only thing that has made sense in my cancer journey. To reduce stress and enjoy life as much as you can. I know being public with your life adds a whole lot to your stress plate. Sending you love ❤️
Thank you both for sharing this journey with us. Thank goodness that the universe brought you Oso on your fostering journey. He's such a good boy (good boy count = 1), he and Bruce are adorable together. We appreciate you so much and are holding space for your strength and wellness.
<3
I was worried that we had not had an update from you, so a couple of days ago I was looking to see if I had missed a video.  So happy for the update, happy you are getting to feeling better before the next round.  Continued prayers that your treatments are doing a good job in sending the bad cells on their way!  Love you guys! 💖🙏💖
Sending prayers and love
Beautiful.  Award winning level glimpse into your journey.  Hang in there.  You will kick cancer’s a$$!
Praying for you guys Bec you rocked round one now on to rock some more. Eamon your doing an amazing job taking care of Bec keep up the good work. Love the new hair. ❤️ And that dog belongs in your world he seems so sweet.
You are incredible, Bec!!!! I have been thinking of you so much. We’re all behind you. Xxoo
You two are an
These always have me crying with you! YOU GOT THIS BEC♡ you guys are so strong and your love and support for one another is truly a blessing to see and follow. Sending all the healing healthy vibes xoxo 💗
U look even more beautiful with short hair ! Sending love and thoughts your way . Your a very special couple . ❤️
Cancer is tough, but you are tougher! Prayers.
I will be honest I felt bad because you have such a positive attitude n I was getting mad!!!! Like why her! Not that anyone deserves this but cmon she doesn't deserve this!! All she stands for is goodness n love!!! Then I remembered....God only sends his toughest warriors out to fight the hardest battles!!! He knows YOU can handle this!!! I know it will b hard but I also know you r SO strong n that thru it all you will make sure this entire experience helps others in many ways!!!! YOU ARE MY HERO BEC  ❤🧡💛💚💙🤍💜 All my love, good vibes n prayers!!! I am with you!! ✌💕🙏 ***EAMON 💙 U r SO loved as well!!! U r a friggin superhero!!! The strength it must take 2 endure SOoooo much I can't imagine but u need all the support n love as well!!! Thank u 4 allllllll u do n takin immaculate care of Bec 🧡 ur in my prayers n very appreciated!!!
It feels weird to hit a thumbs up on this vlog but it's really amazing, and deserves all the thumbs up. This journey you are chronicling is so real and vulnerable and strong , it gives me goosebumps in the pure authenticity of what you share. It's very brave of you Bec and Eamon. Also, your bob is giving me total Joan of Arc vibes and it looks excellent on you! You are a warrior, and with your blasts of liquid sunshine you are going to feel victory.  With a little help from Eamon and Oso and your family of course. Big hugs
I’ve been watching you for a few years. Fell in love with you guys! Keep praying for both of you! You’ll be fine in no time❤️🙏❤️🙏❤️🙏🌴🌴🌴🌴
🧡
You look really beautiful, you shine
Hey Becca, have you ever considered cutting your hair and having your own wig made with your own hair?   My sister-in-law is still going through this and working towards her new breasts. I am so proud of all of you that are handling this event in your lives to your very best.  Gods speed for a complete healing and a life of complete joy and happiness.
Yes but is dumb luck, like birth, like anything. You can only control how you navigate through the succession of dumb luck. Si far you seem to be doing fine😉👍♥️
less a minute in and someone is cutting onions...best wishes my family has been hit by this for a number of people....you two sharing this helps the loved ones that are not the partner understand what they are going through.  Thank you.
I was so exited to watch your video. You guys are warriors and angels. I really hope the best for you and I want you to stay strong.💙💙
💓❤️❣️💕🤗🥰
Words can’t express how beautiful this video is. The vulnerability, optimism, gratefulness shown by both of you is so powerful and your willingness to share this journey with us all priceless. I know it will not only be a diary for you both but also a valuable resource to others experiencing a similar journey. The love and compassion you have for each other shines through. Thank you for sharing these moments. Sending lots of love and healing vibes to you both💕💕💕💕
🍇 VISIT DR. MORSE'S HERBAL HEALTH CLUB: https://drmorsesherbalhealthclub.com/
Thinking about y’all on the daily. Send warm hugs and well wishes. Borahae! 💜
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R3pflcPS19M  <3 :______;
❤️🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗❤️
Oso is your furry lil Angel sent to help comfort you both during your healing journey🐶💛Sending you so much love from Southern California from my furbaby Slider and myself.
Sending so much love and keep thinking and praying for you both... ❤❤❤
So glad to see this!!  Some observations:  I love that instead of sitting helplessly just waiting for the chemo, that you are actively doing things to give yourself more control over the situation.  Don't know if you are just fostering that guy, but he NEEDS to stay, he loves you so much already.  Dogs are great mood lifters!  Love that you are reframing the hair loss by doing proactive stuff.  A wig made from your hair, what a great idea!  They fact that you've got long enough hair is a bonus, although I am pretty sure you would be stunning bald.  Lastly, I love that you and Emon are taking care of each other and leaning into each other.  This is so hard and you need each other.  Thank you for taking us along on this journey.  Seeing you with your head over a bowl was important, because later, you are surviving, taking a walk, and thriving again.  That is important to know for everyone facing this journey.  Praying for you and cheering you on!!
You both are so incredibly strong and will get through this! Much love! And God bless! ❤️
You are loved! 😍 ❤️ 🥰  You got this!
Keeping u in prayer I went through chemo in 2020 for stage 3 uterine cancer Im now cancer free
Thank you for sharing your journey. We love you. ❤️
Words. I have looked for words I could say to inspire and give strength. All I have are prayers and love. So much love for a stranger who feels like family. Know that there are thousands of us sending you so many hugs. Thank you for blessing us with your journey.
Round 1: Down! Good job Beck!! Wishing you much health and strength, from Montreal. Take good care of all 3 of you.
So thankful to hear from you today! Bec, you are a warrior and you’ve got this. Prayers and positive thoughts headed your way.
Bec, I think about you all of the time. I’m so sorry you are going through this.
GREAT COOKING EAMON LOVE YOU GUYS SO MUCH
♥️
Dig the hair and that dog what a saviour. Sending strength hope you catch it X
Love you Bec, always in my prayers daily, it's ok, you're strong, being raw and real with what you're going through is far better and even inspiring too. You and Eamon are big blessings, like another brother and sister to me, even though we live thousands of miles apart and haven't met in person, y'all are family to me. Take care, be blessed and safe too. Again, sending lots and lots of love hugs and prayers daily to y'all from me and my dad in Odessa TX USA 🤗💖🤗💖🤗💖
Thoughts and Prayers and Healing Love for Bec and Eamon and so glad you have Oso to snuggle and get more kisses.  I think about y’all often and send positive healing to you.  You have got this!  ♥️🫂
I have a friend that is going through chemo right now also and she said the thing that has helped her the most is smoking weed.  I know it's legal in Ontario, maybe you don't want to smoke it but there are other ways to consume. it.  Best wishes. Hope you feel better soon.
This cancer journey requires so much heart and soul.  You two have that.  Life just throws us unforeseen challenges.  You will be stronger and more compassionate because of it.  And you will meet some amazing people in that chemo room.  Onward, Bec and Eammon.  I am praying for you.  And I love Oso.  I hope you adopted him.  He is such a good helper.
Praying for strength and peace for you.
Lots of love and prayers Bec and Eamon! 💕🙏
Does that bottle of La Roche Posey on your shelf have any significance?! My favorite cleanser 😂
We are rooting for you so hard! Love the new haircut even if it is short lived. Sending lots of love! ❤️❤️❤️
A lot of love and prayers from México 🇲🇽🇲🇽🇲🇽💜💜💜
I've been subscribed for a long time, but haven't commented before.  I'm starting my radiation treatments for prostate cancer shortly and this definitely brought some tears to my eyes.  I am looking forward to kicking the crap out of cancer, but really nervous at the same time.  I definitely feel your emotions and I'm concentrating on the end result.  Fortunately, I'm in a clinical trial with high doses of targeted radiation over a short period of time.  I'm sending hugs and good thoughts your way, and I know you've got this!  F#ck Cancer!!!
Prayers for you beautiful lady! You go this. Eamon you are truly a blessing. Rest and heal!
So happy to see your faces! All my positive energy is headed towards you both. You’ve got this! <3<3<3
Amazing and beautiful you share this challenge with the world.  So brave.  Dogs make everything better.  Have your cry, it’s the feels of the moment,  not what will define your life. This is not going to as bad as your fears. A bunch of hard months.  Sooner than you 2  think,  there well be hot sand between your toes. Fun fact:  I don’t want to see your yellow, white, or red pee.
My thoughts been with you both weekly . Bec you are strong young beautiful women you amaze me with your strength.  Rest when you need to stay positive 🥰
Thank you for sharing your journey, both yours and Eamon’s. Sending lots of love 💜💜
I'm so sorry you guys have to go through this, especially you Bec. You are such a strong and amazing woman that inspires so many women. You look beautiful with your hair long or short not too many women could pull that off. My heart and prayers go out to you and Eamon. Thank you for letting us go on this journey with you. ❣️🙏
Prayers for you guys. Thank you for keeping everyone updated. Make sure to get a lot of rest.
Cheering for both of you!  Two beautiful souls.❤️🙏🏼
Continuous thoughts & prayers. You both have a prayer chain that reaches throughout the world. God Bless.
so my mom, the day after chemo would do an iv for hydration and vitamins. helped her a lot. Dunno if u did the same, thought i should share, it might be of help. Sending positive vibes!
Sending nothing but aloha and good thoughts your way ! I had to pause at 15:02 to say how brave you are!! I cannot fathom being in the insfusion center (let alone all your other appts) alone w/out your(personal)support : (  Yet, as you mentioned, you will find the most incredible and poignant aspects of being human, there...and support...HANG in there you guys!!!
You guys should start eating a lot more meat and looking into the carnivore diet. Doctor Ken Berry has some very informative information on YouTube. Another doctor to check out is Paul Saladino who has a book called the Carnivore Code. They have found so many negative things about eating plants and the toxic effects on your body. They’re is a lot of people who have gone back to our ancestral way of eating and seen amazing health benefits.   I love watching your videos and my prayers are with you both ♥️
You are absolutely right about the hardest part not knowing.  I had bladder cancer and I just wanted to have a plan and start chemo.
And one more thing , I conceived our daughter while  In radiation…. Not kidding, things happen for a reason… Tried for 10 years before I got cancer, it never happened…. Trust in God…..
Sending an enormous amount of love and strength to you both 💜💜💜 you will heal this Bec xx
Pray for you. Also remember to watch 15seconds of a Commercial so that they make a small commission off of it. If you don’t watch 15 seconds of it they do not get the add Revenue
Also Eamon for needle administration you should poke as fast as you can, it helps to feel it less. It is counterintuitive but as a nurse who has administered plenty, trust me, it works!
Ooh! You’re craving pickles? Maybe that’s a sign that you need to pay attention to your electrolytes. Pickle juice is full of it. Have a sip! You are doing so well, beautiful. I’m in awe of your strength and positivity x
I've never wanted to take someone's pain right now more than yours Bec ♡ I am praying for a fast recovery and ultimate healing. You can do it, we're all thinking of you both and we're all behind you through this journey.
Love you Bec
I hope you get better and better. Be strong. Be toghter
I send you all my love and positive energy Bec! You are a strong woman and you will get through this! My thoughts is with you!xx
Youve got this Bec, the next 5 months will go by faster than you think and youre healing with every second. So greatful for you and E, youre two beautiful souls which are so full of life. This cancer is about to get its ass kicked so bad by you two <3
Sending immense amounts of love, you got this!!!
Bec, I am so proud of you, and so happy you have Eamon and Oso with you every step of the way! I think about you daily. I do have a question if you want to answer in the US they typically put a central line port into a patient to get chemo through, do they do that in Canada? Sending love and good vibes always! ❤❤ - Megan
SENDING SO MUCH LOVE YOU ARE GOING TO CRUSH THIS ❤️🤩🔥
❤️❤️❤️
Thank you for taking us on this journey with you, this is incredibly private stuff and you opening your hearts and sharing will bring a ton of people in the same situation a place where they know they aren’t alone. You are also not alone, everyone is here to support you!
Animals can bring you such sunshine.....good kisses. And it’s like they have a sense when u need extra love and affection. They are smart, and so glad you have him too and I adore the hair
Bec.  You give me strength. You such an inspiration. . .You have got this. Lots of love to you both.
bec you know i Don't see any signs of sickness in you girl🥰❤ you look stunning and beautiful like always. think of this like a sore throat for a little longer period of time. mild period of discomfort and then everything will be alright. you know the natural state of body is to be healthy and stay healthy. so trust me dear very soon everything is going to be just like before happy and merry. just think what all things you are going to do after you get healthy what are the places you guys are going to travel after you get healthy 😊 i m waiting to welcome you both in my country india because i know soon you guys are going to get healthy and come to my country ❤. i m really eargerly waiting to welcome you here. so just be happy and focus on healing yourself sooner and sooner ok, no negative thoughts i m constantly praying for you guys 🙏 ❤n i have faith that you will be healthy as before very sooon till then lots of good vibes, positive energy and hugs to you both 😊 🤗.  love you guys🥰❤
Sending positivity and healing from the UK. All the love ❤️
You two are in my thoughts and prayers daily. Your so brave to share your journey with us. Love you two dearly......God loves you too 💕🙏💕 reach out to him on your dark days, he will comfort you. And if your not a believer I will ask for you. Your heart is pure.....Blessings 🙏🙏💕💕🍁
Love and prayers to you both!
Thank you for sharing this journey with us. Lots of love and prayers for y’all!
Stay strong! Keep on going! Our body heals and recovers.
WIshing a speedy recover ... hang in there!!
I hope you heal quickly.... your attitude is amazing and think that is a big super power to getting better...
We love you too, Bec. Sending you many blessings, girl 🥰
🥰🙏
Sending lots of love and prayers as well as healing energy! Hugs to you both!!
Sending you  🤍 Eamon and Bec
Looking forward to the video where we see you ringing the bell.
Bec, while hearing those words you have cancer(diagnosed) it is hard to make sense of it when living a healthy life style. It helps to think that this is not happening to you but for you!! Continue your journey  with acceptance, positive attitude, & love for yourself. You are so so brave and courageous!! Know you will navigate and BEAT this shit permanently!! It helps to have a "daily mantra" that refers to your healing permanently!! Continue to be the healing Warrior you are.. Prayers & much love to you Bec Eamon and Bear. 💚🙏💪
I envy your courage and strength to share these personal moments with us. You’re in my thoughts 💕 I hope all goes well
❤️🧡💛💚💙💜
Hi Bec, I comment on a lot of your videos - I’m a long time viewer. I had to be on methotrexate for a while a few years back due to RA & lupus. I have a handful of autoimmune issues… anyways, methotrexate has some bad side effects and I felt ALL of them. I know this sounds weird but what I found helpful was keeping the fridge stocked with popsicles and I ALWAYS kept “preggie pops” on hand! I’m not sure if those are vegan but GIRL. They helped with the nausea SO much. I know it’s not organic but it was something I kept in my bag in case I was out and felt a bought of sickness. Wishing you well, Bec & Eamon. You got this girl. Xo
So hard to see you so sick sweet Bec. I hope round two will be less sickening. I luke Osu!! Thankfull that you have this amazing companion througout these hard times. Lots if love from the Netherlands!
Oso is such a ray of sunshine!! & absolutely loved Bec’s connection with resting when needed as how dogs do/are good at doing. Sending you both so much love & strength♥️ you can & will get through this & be so much stronger from it
Bless your heart❣ You are so brave and Eamon is such a support. I have to say, Ohso (can't spell, lol), is such a cutie. I hope you get to keep him. Animals help us heal too! 💕 My prayers are with you both. You can do this! I can only imagine how hard, and the struggle some days! You have love all around you❣💌🤗
It's sooo beautiful and heartwarming to watch and feel how you go through this together. A love like you guys share is absolutely priceless. Sending even more love to you from Germany❣️
YOUR MAIN JOB IS TO REST AND SLEEP AND HEAL YOUR BODY NOTHING ELSE DEAR
Bec you are in my daily prayers along with a lot of other people praying for you and Eamon!! Don't worry about the time ahead of you but the fact of what you have put behind you already!! Love from afar! D
Been worried and praying for you both, keep strong and positive. Ps in Florida we are a lovely 73 degrees, that weather looks brutal also… 😜
I am so sorry that you are going through this and you are in my prayers along with my grand daughter who was diagnosed with breast cancer just before Christmas also.  She is receiving radiation once weekly but no chemo yet.  Stay strong sweet girl and before you know it this will all be behind you.
Well this channel took a depressing turn
I’m going thru the same thing….just shaved my hair down to 1 inch. 3 treatments in and already so much progress. Cancer receding quickly and side effects growing less toxic.  Time for the morning Athletic Greens!  Bless you both and Oso too. My love to you all.💚💚💚💚💚
It’s so crazy how healthy and organic they live and eat and there’s no history of BC in the family. I’ve known a few women that suddenly got BC after getting the MRNA vaccine. Not to be a conspiracy theorist but it seems to be getting way too coincidental.
How can someone’s cancer journey bring warmth to my heart and a smile?  But you do!  Eaman and Bec, prayers and love are sent to you daily. Thanks for sharing the struggles and the small blessings we are grateful for in this life.
Here for your Journey! Eamon is a wonderful caretaker and so is Oso 😘. You’re amazing Bec! You’ve got this! We love you and are all rooting for you. ❤️❤️❤️❤️
One thing you guys might want to cut out is the wood fires. Wood is full of volatile organic compounds and is a carcinogen when burnt. The city of Montreal has banned their use in the city.
This is so hard to watch. You guys are such amazing people and you really don't deserve this. We love you both and are so beyond proud of you guys. We are praying for you guys everyday! Hopefully it only gets easier 🙏 Bec you are so amazing❤
Oso says your training is going well.  Soon, Oso will fully take over the world....and you could have stopped...oh wait, no one can stop that cute face!!  LOL Hey Eamon....this part is for just you, don't forget about YOU....caregivers can get into "problems" they ignore...and they snowball because they are caring for someone else and forget about themselves...so just remember to take some time for yourself too. Hey Bec, this part is just for you....keep on smiling and don't worry too much of "the future"...let's just focus on today...and working towards getting back to whatever "normal" is.  Keep Eamon in line and focused (Oso can help keep Eamon in line too).  Ok, until your next video...
🙏❤🙏❤🙏
I know this might be a lot to ask for but can we get another update.And remember where does this man get his protein from?Plants!please stay strong we all love you!! <3<3<3.xxStar
Thank you such much for sharing your journey with us, the good & the bad - as much as you want. Your videos help me every week.
I GIVE ALL MY LOVE AND SUPPORT
You make me smile, I love yall, great positivity beyond what you show the world I know you 2 to be bright and brilliant candles in the night. I love that you have made friends already at the liquid sunshine place. Also love calling it liquid sunshine. Keep using ur mental mechanisms to keep a good head space ans stop eachouther from spiraling w negative talk. Love yall ❤️ ❤️ ❤️
You're doing amazing. Sending so much love and hugs and sunshine. ❤️❤️
I would highly recommend gaining a little bit of weight, chemo is very, very hard on the body and the more fat stores you have the more your body can use that energy if it needs it.
Thank you for sharing and letting us all love you two and your family through this. You are so special to my heart. Sending heaps n heaps of love and supportive energy your way. I so believe in you. 💜
Thank you so much for sharing this journey. The videos are so helpful to us that are going through this also. You are such a strong couple. Love you guys.
I'm so glad you have Osso with you on this journey. Animals just have that special healing and positive energy that can't be found anywhere else 💜
Wish drs here in the US were this personal and thorough. My mom had breast cancer and now she has leukemia. Its been tough. I've been keeping you in my prayers Bec and I will continue. Godspeed.
You two are so inspiring ! I'm so proud of both of you. I was at my husband's side the entire journey when he fought cancer. He had Becs mindset, which encouraged me to stay in sinc with him. It's a journey that no one signs up for, but I can tell you that our relationship grew even stronger! I'm sending my love,  lots of hugs and my prayers to both of you ! Give Oso a kiss and hugs from me !! Waves from Kansas USA
Sending lots of love and prayers from Poland ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Sending love, prayers and positive energy, you got this! 🌸🙏🏼
❤️❤️❤️
I pray for blessings of love and light to fill your body with healing energy. For Eamon, I understand your concerns, seeing Bec implement multiple sources of healing into a personalized protocol is refreshing. Gerson therapy from what I've read is helpful as a tool for healing, and the more tools in the toolbelt, the better. I have no doubt the healing prayers and positive energy coming from everyone in the community help surround you both with loving, healing light 💛✨
it seems wrong to "like" when it is such a nasty thing to experience .. been there, done that when I was in my 20's however I am now 63 so 40 years cancer free, you can do this Bec!!!  *edit*  I do not want to appear cavalier, 40 yrs ago the treatment was radically different and it was hell to go through
In a friend group, one of our friends got the same diagnosis several years ago. She's never been very open about the entire process so I really appreciate you sharing so much on this channel as it gives quite the insight of what you have to go trough. Wish you all the best and strength. Btw, really awesome dog!
Love you guys!!! You are the best...
Ug. I grew up in -20 below weather in Wisconsin, ever notice when you walk on that caliber of frozen snow , when it crunches,  it sounds like two styrofoam cooler lids rubbing together. Lol! So glad you posted today, you have been on our mind a lot!  I have a recommendation.   On YouTube there’s a audio reading by Beverly Volfie , of “The Long Winter” by Laura Ingalls Wilder.   Even tho it is a book geared to young adults, it remains one of my most favorite books that makes me feel super grateful for every little thing. It’s always worth another listen..Just a suggestion of course.😊meanwhile we are sending you the healing good vibes and strength & courage ! And we are sending your Hubby  and family the same!!   Like my friend Marcia always says “ “ Pin on a grin and POWER THROUGH!!” And she also says if ya can’t grin in the moment ,  you just tell yourself to POWER THROUGH!
So, I'll share this with you....   I was paralyzed for almost 24 hours, I wedged my newborn between my body and couch to guarantee he did roll over and hurt. My boyfriend came home called the ambulance.  It was near death, doctors and nurses in emergency told me, If I waited a little longer, I would have died from a stroke from muscle and organ failures.  Luckily,  all my organs are safe.  I spent 5 days of painful tests, blood test at hospital.  I was diagnosed with a rare no cure desease that is life threatening and almost guaranteed.  I was put on 2 esteroids therapies systems simultaneously, that was sooooo excruciating painful and nauseating, no one understood me.  The pain is like no other, noone understands that there are days, so physically painful, you just want to rest.   And if that was the case, I would have downgraded my health 1000000%.  But,  my son has saved my life and kept me alive, because, I'm a fully stay at home mom, dedicated every second of the day for everything.  I had to stay agile for my son because my boyfriend works for us.  I had no choice but to continue being a 100000000% hands on mom, zero help, only when my bf came home.  No matter how sick and in pain I felt, I had to breastfeed, play, change diapers, love, cook, clean, work and everything under the son.  Lost some hair, gained some weight and was highly agetated 24/7.  I was under close administration and hundreds of blood tests and abnormal amounts of doctors appointments to prevent me from ending up in the hospital again, i landed a total of 3 times in 18 months.  I finally got off all the esteroid drugs therapies 4 months ago and I now I am feeling 1000%  dropped some pounds, I feel back to myself 90% and feeling good and happy.    For me, having my own private space was essential to recovering.   My inherited dease is DERMATOMYOSITIS, I have accepted my luck, embraced it enough to be aware and accepting this is my life and journey, I've never done drugs, nor marijuana, and consumed at most 25 alcohol beverages my entire life and I will 47 this month, I eat healthy, was pescatarian for 7 years, I eat everything now.  But the greatest thing I did for me to keep my spirit and happiness alive,  was to ignore that I have this, I dealt day by day, I have bags of my hair loss, I had little time to think about me.  It was a rough journey.  Off the meds, I am happier than ever.  And, my boyfriend did become my my 24/7 doctor and nurse. So many are not lucky like us.  We are blessed.     And I am so happy you both have each other through this new journey together, to add to your collection of memories.  And, for sure having your gorgeous dog is like having a child, and this is very positive for your journey, keep agile, keep positive and champion strong and focused.  Bea happy!  It all gets better sooner that you might anticipate.  Having an awesome support team is valuable.  Love you guys!
when you (Bec) said 'love you too' in the car, I wanted to go through the screen and just give you a hug and wish you all the best and all the love back to you! Bless you guys!
Sending you all so much love and healing!
Although I don't know you personally, I've been watching your vlogs for a while.  I think you are both incredible, Bec for your strength through this battle.abd Eamon for you total commitment to Bec ❤️.  I know you were fostering your beautiful doggo, but I think you should keep the dog, the love he has is irreplaceable.x
So much love for you both 💖
i'm so proud of you Bec :) feel all your feelings and take it one day at a time, sending positive energy to both of you!!!
I look up to both you guys! You both are amazing ❤️
Bec, please don’t waste energies on the worry of what/how the viewers are processing your “Liquid Sunshine” journey. This is your journey and your thoughts, your fears, your experience. Please just focus on yourself. For now, it’s all about you.  Thank you for sharing with us.😘
1st I’m sorry to hear, 2nd after I say this the YouTube monitors will probably come to discredit what I’m about to tell you as they have in the past.   3rd it is illegal to say “Cure” in a natural since.  With that said,  Dr. Sebi Killed Cancer with a high Iodized Diet.  He in fact, found that a diet high in natural Iodine found in seaweed and sea moss killed every disease that was met with this diet.  AIDS Diabetes Cancer Auto-immune Diseases, etc.  He concluded that  a bodies level of iodine would become open to many diseases like CANCER.  He detested chemotherapy because the cancer comes back 3fold and the terrible sad thing is, as with most natural path doctors who eventually find the cure, he ended up being murdered by the powers that be.  Has Bec been given information about Holistic Healing from her doctors who know that Rebecca is vegan.🌱 Holistic doctors are known to use Biblical medicine from the past which has a high rate of success.  I pray this finds you well.
❤️
And cancer is not prejudice…. It no no color or health regime… It just happens … Keep your chin up honey…. 🥰🥰🥰🥰
Much love from Scotland Bec ❤❤
Sending so much love & light to you both.  Loving that bear Oso. He was meant to be there with you Bec. Love you girl. You got this! Eamon, you’re doing an amazing job, keep up the great work.
You are smart to call upon your fan base to be with you during this. Prayers comfort. Comfort wins, good, bad and ugly. All the best to you in thoughts for this most arduous of journeys.
We are all here for you!!
❤️ beautifully honest
Lots of Positive thoughts and many Hugs of strength 🙏😍💞☀️to you all 3 💑🐕
Know that at every moment, I’m sending positive, healing energy your way.
It just shows cancer can happen to anyone. You are both a picture of health and do everything right and look great. Sadly cancer doesn’t care who it effects. Sending all my love and best wishes, hope your well very soon
Can we all help to get rid of the BOT SPAM?  When you see one, click on the 3 vertical dots and report them. Thanks.
Lots of love and prayers Bec and Eamon. Sending you a big hug from India
You got this darl, great mindset, wonderful support and eating healthy. My husband had oesophageal cancer, he had chemotherapy and radiotherapy and just passed his 5 year check up. So you just keep being you xx We will be following your journey  Hi from Western Australia 🇦🇺
Bec you are amazing sharing this journey. Because of the world we live in I would be scared to share. Know there are prayers and good vibes coming from Georgia in the states!
SLEEP ALL YOU CAN. THE BODY HEALS WHEN YOU SLEEP
Sending healthy healing thoughts your way from Florida. Love the short hair on you.
My sister had that and went the naturopathic route and was cured in a year.  She had a really advanced case.  She hid it from everyone until she hemorrhaged. She still had a mastectomy because of the scares from advanced implications. She didn’t want chemo.
Spring is coming, the sure sign that this winter of the soul will come to an end. Hang in there you 2, and this too will pass.
Been thinking about you two...thoughts ,love,n , light for you both!👍🍀🧙‍♂️🍀👍!
Your love is so tangible even through a screen. I’m so grateful to you for sharing your journey, you are pure magic and it’s going to help so many people. For all the downfalls of the Internet it’s things like being able to connect with you two that really highlight the power of the internet. Rooting for you every step of the way. You’ve sooooo got this. So much love to you both ❤️
Omg F*** cancer!!! It upsets me to see you both have to go through this. I KNOW you’ll be fine after all is said and done! You got this!!
Do you think that you could have gotten sick after your covid shot? Is that something you've inquired about. Tons of people have need experiencing the same thing, people within my own circle too.
🙏🏻❤️🇬🇧
love u guys too your bith amazing x
Bec, you will do just fine … Staying positive is really the battle, I’m speaking from experience.. 3time cancer survivor… Stay focused, and do self care as often as needed… You will do just fine honey … And don’t forget to pray  daily, there is power in prayer !!! All my best kiddo… 🥰🙏🏻❤️💕🇺🇸
I love your haircut!!!!  So ppretty
To three beautiful souls, here’s things I feel glad you have: you have one another; your cabin on which you worked so hard during a whole year, is here protecting you in her warm arms; Oso, the most recent member, is giving you a new kinda of love; you are close to family; you have a whole community crying at each of your vlogs and sending you all the love they can. And all the little things you manage to catch out of your magical eyes. I have a feeling that another soul in heaven is carefully watching over you too Bec and Eamon, another fan of Oso for sure,
When Eamon opened his arms to share a hug on your walk outside Bec my tears fell for you.  For both the beautiful relationship that you two share but also for the extreme anxiety you both must be experiencing.  Sending you love and light always. XO. On a side note - I went to an intimate Bif Naked concert this week.  She had breast cancer 20+ years ago and she’s a peer counsellor now.  Apparently she lives in Toronto now.  Maybe you might want to reach out to her.  I love you both!  Take care Eamon and Bec xo
We are continuing our prayers for you & Emmon and your family... 🫂 & much ❤️ love.
<3
you’re so strong bec💛💛 you are going to get through this! your positive outlook and support system only makes you stronger. thank you for sharing your story, we are all here for you, sending you positivity and prayers. we’re rooting for you💛💛 cancer has been something i’ve seen my family go through so I know how tough it can be. just know you’re not alone💛
It takes incredible strength to be vulnerable.  Sending much love and healing vibes. 🙏💪❤
My mom had breast cancer when she was in her mid thirties. She will celebrate her 84th birthday in 3 days. She had a double mastectomy and reconstruction surgery. My dad stood beside her and they were married for 60 years. She sends her love from the states. Be sure to celebrate the small victories. Put little notes up with post its over the whole to remind you of the positive things in life. Hubby and I will raise our glasses and toast you tonight with dinner. Much love from SW France.
I’m so glad you are doing well and fighting this!
Laughing and crying right with you. Lots of love and good energy. You both are soooo strong!!!!
Keep your eyes, mind and spirit on the end goal Bec. We will be sending you positivity, love and light to carry you through. ❤️
Sending much love and healing energy your way.
Bec you are beautiful being, sending love, hugs and prayers 💖🙏🏼💐
Cried my way through this E&B. You guys are so strong and so thoughtful to share this journey with your community. You know how much we all care about you both and we all feel part of this journey and are rooting for you. No one deserves cancer least of all you Bec. Keeping doing you and you'll get there. Massive hugs to you both from your Irish Mom, Joanne xx
Love you guys!
So proud of you Bec! You kick this cancer’s ass!!! I’m fighting along side you in my own battle! Together with positivity, support, and love, you can do anything!! Even on your low days, know you are beautiful and powerful! Let your body get the rest it needs and heal! Love ya my fellow cancer warrior!
You are strong, you are powerful, your light comes from within !
I work at a hospital in the US.  and for certain appts / and cases we will allow a spouse of a patient.. I am surprised that Eamon hasn't been able to come.   I am watching and saying prayers for you always.  YOU CAN DO THIS BEC!!!
The only thing I can think of to share is that you could research consuming foods that are high in oxalates ( ex spinach- almonds)and how without enough D3/k2 those nutrients can lead to the development of calcifications in soft tissue. Kidney stones, bone spurs, breast calcifications. Doesn’t affect everyone- genetics plays a part. Something to research. Most of all sending love.
Bec, you would be the most beautiful girl in the room with a bag over your head. Not just because of your outward beauty, but more for your inner beauty. Love and prayers to you both. You got this.
Sending you both love!❤️❤️
THANK YOU FOR SHARING GOD BLESS AND KEEP YOU STRONG  BOTH OF YOU. EAMON YOU ARE DOING A GREAT JOB SUPPORTING  AND LOVING
Prayers and healing as you take this next step. You have a larger Village behind then you know. Time to kick it to the curb 🥊🥊 On a side note, feels like Oso is a part of the family now. 🐕❤
You two  and your new hairy kid x x  .. Sending you all the love , light , support and healing , both so brave and beautiful people ...will be thinking of you , Lisa x
Hang in there Bec! you got this!  It sucks that Eamon can't be in the chemo suite with you - When my mom (82 yrs old) was diagnosed with leukemia, she choose to do about 6 months of a palliative chemo - her age meant she couldn't get something that would cure her.. but she could get something that might give her a bit longer.   I'm thankful every single day that I was able to hold her hand for every single injection, procedure, appointment, admission, transfusion.... I'm grateful that this happened the year before covid, because it would have destroyed me to not be with her -  Eamon... you're an effing rockstar - I know it must suck hard to not go in with Bec, but you're both amazing -  and you both GOT THIS
You need a positive mindset to this one. Imagine every single day the other side of this - beating the s**t out of this caner ;) You've got this Bec. sending you positive vibes and we cannot wait to the bright side of your life with you soon.
i''ve never met you bec but I am thinking of you constantly and sending you positive vibes... You are a tough b.. you'll get through this stronger.
Sending love guys, you're doing beyond brilliantly ❤️ also I've heard that fasting can help drastically with post chemo nausea. There's a specific protocol. If you feel inclined to look into it, I hope it helps you x
So glad you are going through this in 2022 instead of 2020 or 21 when treatments were being postponed due to the virus. That said, sorry this is happening to you. Bec it is okay to feel what you feel. Allow yourself that grace. Emmon, you are  gift.
Hey, you two! Glad to see how well you're bearing up. Also glad those two gorgeous doggos recognized they're in the same pack! Take it easy and think healing thoughts. The thoughts and warm regards of a million are with you both.
Guys check out Rick Simpsons oil for cancer treatment. I know two people who used this for their cancer and healed amazingly. Your liquid sunshine will do the job but thought it would be worth mentioning. Not to be confused with CBD oil...this is high THC so unfortunately (or fortunately depending on your perspective lol) it does have the high symptoms but will be a great pain killer, help with nausea and mostly deep healing sleeps. Check it out and see if it resonates with you. Sending you all the healing vibes
Go you two 🥳 I can already see you both somewhere warm, doing yoga, after all of this 💫
Continued prayers for you both 🙏
It's not 5 months of living like this believe me. One of my best friends was diagnosed with a very aggressive form of cancer that spreaded all over his heart, liver, lungs and back. Some threatment sessions were better than other ones. However anytime I recognized how he improved he gained so much positivity back. You will too.  You got this. Much love from Germany!
Bec & Eamon, you are stronger than you know and thank you for sharing your story. Always thinking of you and sending virtual hugs your way! Btw, Oso Bear is sooooooooo cute! I hope he becomes a permanent part of your family! A dog's love and companionship has a magical way of making everything feel better and so much more manageable.
You guys make such an amazing couple. This journey will be a tough one but also a positive one in your life’s. Beck you look so beautiful and so cute with short hair, your eyes popped up and shine. Keep strong. By the way, Oso is beautiful and so sweet. We love you guys. Love and be safe!😘🤗🌼💕🇻🇪
You are so strong Bec!! Sending you and Eamon all the love and positive vibes as you go through this journey. Much love to you both!!
So sorry you have to go through this.  You have the best support team behind you with your families.   Oso is the best dog ever so we'll behaved.  Dogs have a special healing powers. Positive thoughts and prayers to you all!!🙏🐕‍🦺🥰
🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽❤️❤️❤️🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽❤️🙏🏽❤️🙏🏽❤️🙏🏽❤️🙏🏽❤️❤️
I have followed your YouTube for quite a while now and I'm grateful for the resources that you share with this group of followers including your practicing eating plant-based nutrition. I understand that you're going through the toughest battle that you've ever experienced in your life. I too know firsthand about battling cancer. I had stage 4 cancer which included breast cancer, lung cancer, cancer in my spine and the cancer in the lymph nodes of my neck. I learned that chemotherapy and radiation are not the only options for curing cancer. Instead I treated it with intense juicing, supplements, essential oils as well as immunotherapy which is different from chemotherapy and that it focuses on building your immune system rather than tearing it down. I feel so strongly about this and hope that you will consider other treatments that build your body and strengthen it to kill cancer. After 3 1/2 years, June of 2021, I am cancer-free!
Sending all of my love. ❤️
With you guys on this journey 😘
Bec, I wear my Covid mask happily because the breath warms my face. I know you want to breathe fresh air. But it does help when it's very cold.
You are such an inspiration.  Please let yourself go through all the emotions that come with this journey.  You will have highs and lows and that is completely normal.   Sending hugs, love, thoughts and prayers to you both from North Carolina.  Much love.  <3
💜💜💜
We’re keeping you both in our prayers🙏.  You two are an amazing team and will beat this💕
Hey! Sending love from Norway, sorry for my bad english Your love for each other is so amazing to witness, even with this cancer journey.♥️ Am a nurse working with people in all ages with cancer, it’s amazing what the body can do. Praying for a speedy recovery and healing. The world need you
All of my prayers for strength, peace and healing for the both of you. I have a service/support dog and your foster friend seems to be really good for you both. You should think about adopting him my "mommy sitter" is amazing for me.
Beautiful hair there sexy girl!! Thinking about you every day and sending lots of love 💕 your way. My little positive thing today is seeing you be happy and going through your journey with such a great positive attitude. You go girl!!! 😂. Eye of the Tiger! Stay strong Bec.  💕
I'm at loss for words because I'm so amazed by your strength en courage, also for sharing this. I'm sending all love, light en positive energy your way. You guys are, and have always been so inspiring. You're gonna kick cancers ass!!
Every day is a day closer to the end of treatment, be kind to yourself. I'm 4 years post chemo, and so grateful for the drugs that are the reason I'm still here,. Yes they make you feel like shite, but it's just for a short while and then you will be here for a long time. This little trail on your life journey is only a small fraction of your whole long vibrant life journey. 💓
Sending positive thoughts and lots of love to you both ☀️❤️
DEAR BEC I HAVE NOT BEEN THROUGH THIS.... I FEEL YOU MUST BE POSITIVE  WITH THIS CHALLENGE... I FEEL YOU ARE IN THE RIGHT MINDSET FOR THIS CHALLENGE  AND WINNING...I LOVE YOU SO MUCH STAY STRONG YOU GOT THIS. GOD BLESS
So much love and support for you both <3
Stay strong,always.❤️ you got this
Just Beautiful
Sending you both so much love, strength, and good vibes! I think about you guys often. Thank you for keeping us updated. You CAN do this! 💗
I’m glad you guys have the puppy.  He provides a certain level of sweetness.  😁
❤❤
You’ve got this, sending you both lots of love xx
❤
I’m so appreciative of your update and so happy to see you bounce back after that first treatment of liquid sunshine. Watching your journey will help me know how to support one of my friends who starts his own infusion of liquid sunshine soon for testicular cancer. Stay strong, Bec! You’ve got this!
We love you Bec
Be strong, my brave sister. I can’t watch without crying. Sending my prayers your way.
God speed on your health journey. You got this Bec. Best from your fellow Canadian.
Prayers continue!
Ohhh I am so glad to see this episode…… I have been thinking about you guys.  You are both Rockstars!  You’ve got this and of course with the help of Oso’s love and kisses.  Could this freaking winter be any colder lol. Glad you are still embracing it, and mostly that you have your beautiful home to heal and be cozy in.  Sending positive loving, healing thoughts your way. 💗
You’re a very special soul ❤️ sending you so much love and healing ❤️‍🩹 ❤️❤️❤️
I tear up even at the beginning. I am so sorry you are going through this. You can do this. You are strong and you loved.
you literally rock every hairstyle
I think it’s amazing ur sharing ur story! Feel better! Be here waiting for the travel again one day ❤❤❤❤❤
I am so so proud of you guys! Bec for having the courage to share your story, Eamon for being Aces in supporting your life partner. Sharing the ups and downs of this part of your journey is going to help so many people.  As I was watching todays update, I couldn’t help but be reminded that everything happens for a reason.  We don’t always know why things happen or enjoy the challenges but watching you both together, in a beautiful home that you have created (just in time for this chapter of your life) having made beautiful roots to heal in, surrounded by your own little paradise, close to family and healthcare nearby… what are the chances.  If you were still living van life full time, this would have made this chapter so much more difficult.  I am sending all my healing prayers your way and love ❤️ Love ❤️ LOVE ❤️ you both from the bottom of my heart!  You’ve got this Bec!
Stay strong you got this. We are here with you my daughter got diagnosed with grade 4 brain cancer with h3 mutation and she was 4 now she is five we are still fighting and she will be starting her second round of chemotherapy one of the things that we have found to help with the symptoms is cbd oil. I hope it just keeps getting better Ik it’s hard to see the light but take the little wins, we just got her little win, radiation and chemotherapy started to kill off some of the tumer. Try and keep your head high you got this so proud
Prayers Bec!   You got this.  Ramon such a great support. Dogs are gods gifts to show you unconditional love. Love your dogs in the house nice and warm.
I am sorry you have to go through this...   Prayers!
Big Hugs and Kisses!! XOXO
Get Well ....
Praying  for you 🙏🏿🤎
Hey Eamon and Bec! So happy to see you both  on this Sunday!  Feeling so grateful that you chose to document and share these things. That's the beauty of loving the creators as much or more than their content. We love to see you regardless if it's dancing in Morocco  basking in the desert sun Or watching liquid sunshine heal you (good and bad)❤️ sending you all the love and healing energy☀️
Love you guys! Thank you so much for sharing your thoughts and how you are making it through this journey. You two a such an awesome team! ❤
You are brave, you are strong and you completely have this, Bec! Thanks for including us while you are on this difficult journey ❤️
Bravery, courage are qualities that will help you both along this journey.  Look for beauty in all small things. Cause you both have beauty in both of you. One note: please ask if soya products are recommended. My friend was told to avoid them with her type of cancer. Just a thought to consider. Sending light and love.
I can’t stop thinking about you, I get so excited when I see your updates. I can’t tell you how strong of a women/human being you are. Your energy and aura has been so beautiful, stay strong little rockstar 💜😘✨🙏🏽 ps y’all’s love/relationship is so beautiful I can’t 🥺🥺🥺
Your positive attitude is inspiring. It is awesome to see the two of you work through this together.
💕💕💗💗
Whenever you feel scared about your next treatment day and how the coming months will be, just think of Aimee and how she is ruling her own world now. You will be ruling it too after this. Take care.
I love you guys seeing you get started with the journey and you will be fine all my wishes are with you guys take care and hope to see you guys soon
Thank you for sharing your journey. You look FANTASTIC with the short hair! I love it!!! Just keep on keeping on, sweet Bec, we are all here with you and loving you up! And massive hugs to Eamon, going through his own painful journey right now as well. You, sir, are The BEST! Hugs and love, love, love to you both.
I’m crying right now. Prayers for you both🙏  There is nothing better than a love of a dog also. Sending healing and positive vibes. Love and light
Prayers
Week one was obviously so difficult. So glad you have a positive mindset (most days) and steady support from Eamon, family, friends, your healthcare team, energy work... I'm interested to know what company you purchased the case of fresh juice from. Take good care of each other! :)
So many memories are flooding back for me just watching you, but seeing how strong you are and how truly amazing Eamon and Bear are for you says so much. There will be tough days, just keep
So proud of both of y’all! It’s weird to have an emotional connection to people you have never met but I am continually keeping y’all in my thoughts! ❤️
You are a hero Bec, Eamon as well. A true pillar of strength. So proud of you both
You both are so beautiful. Continuing to pray for you
Check out Gerson Treatment.
Bec my prayers, my thoughts everyday! Keep kicking cancer a$$. I know it’s not a walk in the park but I know God’s got so much more for you and Eamon...Many Blessings to you both.
What a blessing to live in such a beautiful place. I’m sure it will help so much during your treatment and recovery. Keeping you both in my thoughts. Sending healing energy your way as much as possible.
We love you Bec!💕 you are so strong and doing absolutely amazing and I'm sending you strong vibes💕
22 years ago I went through the same treatment. 🙏🏻 and healing energy your way. Love ❤️
❤❤❤
Oh well done Bec and Eamon! I am proud of you both.... Honesty is the best policy, and thank you for sharing with us. I think you guys should do a cook book on items Bec likes to eat while doing treatment.
Holy shit, I had no idea what was going on with your channel, and I am watching this to catch up. You are  wonderful and strong. I'm glad you have a partner to help you. You are gonna make it through ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ sending love
Such an inspirational video…being so open and honest …this video journey will be more of a blessing than you will ever know.. Is it ok to say how beautiful your long hair is  BUT I CAN ALREADY SEE YOU CAN PULL OFF A short BOB TWO …and that’s with just a glimpse but that should of gone without saying 🥰  wasn’t there a time when eamon had hair as long as yours…maybe you can join him with the shorter style he is wearing at the moment 😂🤗🙏🏻🙋🏻‍♀️🇬🇧💕jane
You guys are both so strong and beautiful and I am so thankful for you!! Thank you for sharing your journey with us! We love and appreciate you always 💜
You have got this Bec. I know this is not an easy journey ( I know from personal experience) but you must do what you need to do.  Rest when you’re body needs it and you will need a lot.  Don’t push yourself to do more than you are able too.  It is absolutely ok to have down days, laugh at it, cry at it, get angry at it!😡  but believe in yourself that you can and will get through this. You have an army at your disposal to help you whenever you need it❤️❤️ Eamon same to you as you are on that journey with Bec, you have that same support network, use it and take a day at a time. It will be a rollercoaster ride for you as well ❤️❤️  Huge hugs to you both 😘🥰
Your such a stronger woman Bec your an inspiration to us all. Your doing an amazing job stay safe stay positive and keep going :)
You can record it all good bad and ugly BUT  you don't have to share it all. But keep it for you to look back on to see how far you've come....and if you decide to share at a later date fine if not it's ok. Take care you are in my prayers ❤
Thank you so much to both of you for continuing to share your story and for being so honest and raw. You have people all around the world rooting for you! Sending you heart healing vibes. You got this! 💪🏼 You are both so strong even when you feel like you’re not. xx
Bec, you are so strong to share all of this. I know you are helping people by doing so. Sending you all the strength and light.
Good job Bec! Sending all the love and strength and sunshine your way. 💕☀️
You got this sweetheart.
Bec you are beautiful  😇🙏🏻
I'am so so sorry for you ♥️♥️♥️
You're gonna be okay Bec. We support you, we're thinking of you. If you stay positive i'll invite you guys to come stay with me and my husband when we move to Italy(hopefully that'll happen in the next year or two) . That's a promise :) But, for the time being, love from Argentina ♥
Sending out some positive healing vibes. You are so incredibly strong Bec, not just physically, mentally too. Thank you for sharing your story. Eamon, you’re are an amazing rock for Bec. I know this journey is difficult just know this community is here to support you both 💕
You are so tough bec!! Keep on going! Sending well wishes your way!
It's your phone! Chemo will kill you! Use CBD! Stay Grounded! Jesus is Lord! He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life: and he that believeth not the Son shall not see life; but the wrath of God abideth on him. John:3:36
YOU CAN DO IT BEC, WE KNOW!! 💖💖 WE'LL SUPPORT YOU TWO IN YOUR JOURNEY 😊 GODBLESS 😇
❤️🙏
@eamonandbec I have always admire your take on life. But know i have a whole other appreciation for you guys.  Bec you are something else. Love you.  And Eamon you rock!!!!  Sending positive vibes and heeling energy for you both!!!!  ❤️
Sending continued positivity.  Thanks for sharing your story and your beautiful home.  Wishing you well. 😘
So proud of you Bec!  You are a beautiful ray of sunshine ☀️  Sending you love and support always!
Love you guys!!!!!! Sending hugs and prayers
<3
Love to u all, my sister had cancer aged 3 ,she is 40 now, with 3 kids. My mum was told she may not have children at the time. Those was tough days but the days came when she was cancer free aged 7. Praying for you Becs🙏❤ I think you should adopt Also, he is an sweetie ❤ 💕
PERTHERA is an organization that will genetically analyze your cancer and determine the most effective chemo. Doctors usually just use the most popular chemo...please look into this. Anyone who is fighting cancer please look into them. 💜💜they are usually able to waive the fees even if you think you make too much $ you probably don’t and will qualify for the free analysis. Donate to them if you can. I’m so sorry.
Thoughts and prayers with you and Eamon.   Glad you got your pup they are the absolute best.
Yes, 1 minute in and the tears rolled. My husband is now watching with me and we are both thinking of you constantly. I love that you have Bear, you’re being so strong and yes, Eamon is 5 star. You are helping many im sure by talking about your journaling and therapy, as well as sharing the experience. 🌱🌱Sending you love and ordering my greens! 💚💚🌱
“find one small thing to be grateful for everyday”  bec you are truly one of the most strong and beautiful human beings. i stumbled upon you guys youtube channel probably over a year ago now and binged of your and damon’s videos 😅 your relationship and outlook on life even in the most difficult times is truly inspiring! i have looked forward to seeing your faces on my screen every sunday morning bc i know it will put a smile on my face and bring me joy and inspiration…thank you for sharing your story on here. sending you all the healing and healthy vibes ✨💛
30:10 ... that is exactly Lee's laugh 💛😌
Stay strong.  We are here for you.
So proud of both you💫 ✨️ keep going,be strong and know that all of us are with you and praying for you guys💖
I don’t know if thi will help you but when I am having bad days I just say to myself and out loud this.....one day at a time sweet Jesus. And I am thankful each day is over towards the end of these bad days. One day at a time sweet Jesus. I am so proud of you two.
Lean into sleep, its healing. Use it! You have so many people who care on this channel each and everyone of us sending healing thoughts and prayers.  We love you Eamon and Bec. Sending healing vibes and positive blessings.
Stay strong. Sending positive thoughts to you both.
You’re doing wonderful! Keep moving forward and finding joy in the small things. Sending lots of joy, hope and love your guy’s way!
We love and support you guys so much.
This is one of the toughest journeys you will have. I pray everything works out.  I hope YouTube sends you all the money and the algorithm works in your favor.
Thank you, thank you for sharing your journey...praying here and sending positive vibes, liquid 🌞 ❤
Hi Eamon & Bec. I'm not sure if this will get read/be received well. I've been following you guys for a several years and after being vegan for 6 years, walked away from veganism in 2021 for the sake of my health. When you understand more about how the human body *actually* functions, what it needs to thrive, bioavailability, iron poisoning, learning that the soil has been depleted for decades and thus all the vegetables being consumed are depleted as well (regardless of being organic.) Learning about how minerals "run the show" and you're not getting those minerals from being plant based. The idea that being plant based is healthy is one I had to reconsider when I stopped and said "if I'm so healthy, why am I having these health issues?" sure, I get that some things are out of our control, but I hope this can maybe plant a seed and you will consider reintroducing quality animal products, maybe even local so as to not contribute to factory farming. I have seen so many times long term vegans ending up with a plethora of health issues, and seeing their health do a complete 180 after eating animal products again. It isn't an easy decision, it's a complete paradigm shift. But we are animals a part of this food chain too. We are meant to eat meat. It isn't inherently the animal products that cause cancer/heart disease/etc that vegan propaganda says, how the animal was raised/fed matters a LOT. The idea that eating a soy/canola oil based impossible burger with 30 synthetic ingredients is healthier than eating a 1 ingredient grass fed burger is backwards. Remember, it's not only more profitable for industrial animal agriculture to raise and slaughter animals the way they do, it's even more profitable for them to sell meat alternatives with extremely cheap/unhealthy ingredients. But even if you didn't eat those things, we really do need animal products to properly nourish our bodies. This goes without saying I think but this is not an attack.. I genuinely care about true health and vitality. Please consider checking out the work of Morley Robins, Ray Peat, Matt Blackburn, even scroll through @GrimHood on twitter. Check out Mitolife Radio podcast. I wish you all the best and hope for a speedy recovery. <3
As so many others have said, 1 min in and crying.  The love you have for each other is simply awesome.  Most of us have either been through this or have family members or friends that have gone through this.  You are brave!!! We love you both and have been sending you love.  YOU GOT THIS!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Hang in there Bec. 🥰
Sending love ❤️
So proud of you, Bec! & you, too, Eamon. I know this is a difficult time but we are all in your corner! Sending you all my love & positive energy. Stay strong! You’ve got this!! 💛
Thinking of you both. I know this journey is ridiculously rough but you are so strong. 💪❤️
See your videos helps me see what it was like for my grandmother. She went throwing this 3 times. Sadly cancer should up in her liver.. and we lost her… I still miss her every day. But I’m happy I had so much love and happiness with her. She is a fighter and so are you. You remind me of her and it makes me happy to see a fighter again.
Positive vibes for you! I know they are saying genetic but please be careful with soy also. "Eating soy foods like tofu, edamame and soy milk has been linked to reduced risk of certain cancers including breast cancer, prostate cancer and gastric cancer. Many patients worry, however, that eating soy might be harmful if they have estrogen-receptor positive breast cancer."
Bec, I became ill when 26, it took over 8 years of fighting through the exhaustion. I never gave up hope. My sister went through a double mastectomy and chemotherapy, surgery, etc. She is still fighting the changes to her system. Know that you should listen to your body. *It is so important not to force yourself to do more than your body will allow. Learn to allow yourself to not do things, this is the best advice I can give you.       Thank You for sharing your journey!!
I love your videos I hope you will get better 💗💕💗
Lots of love and always gentle hugs to you both. 💕
You guys are such an inspiration. Thank you for sharing this journey with us and know that it travels far distances beyond screens and impacts people in the most meaningful way. You got this! <3
I am very sceptical about pharmaindustrie too, so I feel with eamon. I would never do a chemotherapie for myself but I respect you bec doing it. Just one thing: be very careful with any vaccines in future. It can cause cancer and it can make a tumor growing faster. I am praying for you guys and send you lots of love!
OMG Seriously Fuck Cancer. Thank you for sharing, but don’t feel pressured to do so. <3
Go SMASH it Bec !  Super proud of you (both).  Much love.
Praying  You can do this.  Remember every day tell yourself beautiful and happy stuff...embrace one another❤️ you got this girl❤️
Your love for eachother its so moving and inspiring ! You're so strong, Lots of Love guys <3
God just keep looking over you and keep you safe. Sending prayers to you too. You are going to get Over this . just send prayers to everyone out there that is going on this journey.
Sending healing energy to you and eamon.  Praying that you find strength and peace during this journey.
I LOVE how hard core serious bec was when she said “and then we can supplement from your (Eamon’s) hair” about making her a wig. I love seeing your outlooks and experiences. Positive and hard, really inspiring for any walk of life someone might be going through. Sending you positive & healing energy!
I'm so proud of you Bec ❤❤ and Eamon too, you're such an amazing support
Love love love for you both. And Oso. ❤️❤️❤️
Lots of Love and hugs😘😘😘
Bec, your positive energy radiates and you are so inspiring. I’m in awe at your strength. You got this!!!
So great you have the wonderful cabin to heal in 🥰
Way to go you guys!!! Bec, you look adorable with short hair!
So proud of the both of you and your positivity through the first week! It's so inspiring to see you kick cancers butt with a great mindset. You are doing AMAZING so far and I hope it only gets easier from here on out! Keep it up! Also, I love the temporary bob haircut, its so cute :) Sending lots of love and healing your way <3 LOVE YOU!!!
Love love you Bec...  ❤️❤️❤️❤️you are such a inspiration sweet girl..  💕 sending big hugs and l Prayers for you dear friend..🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
Love you both sending beautiful loving healing energy your way 💕
I pray for your health and happiness, i enjoy watching you guys content. One thing I'd like to say is no mattter what people do life happens. All you can do is tell yourself is for whatever reason this happened its so that you can overcome it! i truly believe you will have a long and fulfilling life. You will get past this you should consider relaxing and enjoying life more without too much "control". Hope you the best through all of this and in life in general.
Thinking of you and pushing hugs your way. As the Japanese say, "Gambatte!!!" Don't give up, keep fighting! One day at a time.....
travel sickness bands really help ❤ you got this
Sending all my love and good vibes your way.
Been sending much love, prayers, and healing vibes your way Bec, sending positivity to you Eamon and sending strength for you both!💜
Don't forget your herbal teas.  They help with healing physically but also mentally because the ritual is very calming, esp if you do it together.  🙏💖
Greetings from Madrid Spain sending u guys lots of love and prayers take care cheers
Eat more meat and less plant based meals. You guys should look into carnivore diet and follow Paul Saladino MD
Thank you for sharing every real moment 💚 Love you guys!
We love you so, so much Bec and Eamon. This is the beginning of your healing ✨
I love you Bec! Eamon thank you for being her rock. I pray for you all the time. I want to send nothing but love and strength. YOU GOT THIS!!!
My continued prayers are with you guys! 🙏♥️
I genuinely feel so so proud of you both for going through this together and I am sending you both and your families so so much love and light - I wish I could help out in some way but just know that I'm supporting you through this!! Love you both, you're so special Bec, and doing incredibly well - I admire your positivity 🤍
Try cutting tofu out. It affects my benign cysts negatively if I eat it too often. Luck
my heart aches for you guys.. but I cant wait till we have this behind us and all is back to normal.. I would like to thank you for letting us be apart of this difficult time in your lives. we all worry and are anxious every Sunday to hopefully get an update. we do understand if you just cant post tho... I'm a religious person and bec you are included in my prayers every night..
Gosh, I have so many thoughts. First of all, Bec, I am so freaking proud of you. My mom recently went through chemo and I know it is NO. JOKE. So everytime you said that you were proud of yourself, I couldn't help but cry because you 100% should be! You are incredible and we love you and are standing side by side with you! And Eamon, I also am so freaking proud of you too. As a family member watching my loved one go through it, I know how many emotions a support person can feel. It is so evident to see how supportive and caring you are to Bec through all of this and also how much it is weighing on you as well. Even though you aren't the one with cancer and chemo in your body, your feelings and worries and emotions are just as valid and just as important. So just as much as we are standing side by side with Bec, we are equally standing side by side with you and lifting you up and caring for you. You both are in my prayers consistently <3 Let's kick cancer's butt!
Waited a long time for a new episode. Find it special that you share this with us. Bec stay strong, with Eamon by your side you will get through this together. You two are just great. Warm greetings from Germany
💜💜💜💜💜💜
Healing vibes! Stay strong guys 💪🤙
Lots of love in the comments and my heart is with you guys and prayers being positive is half the battle and your both leaning into this the right way hi from Melville Saskatchewan have a blessed day
God has your back Sweetheart ...
you can do this Bec and just remember there is a reason for this and all my thoughts and prayers for you and for Eamon. think about the results and not the treatment There is a light at the end of the tunnel
You both are Loved and got this! ❤️
Thank you for being strong enough to share what you're going through - a lot of people wouldn't.  Just by looking at Eamon's face, it's so evident how much he loves you and how worried he is.  His love and support and lots of snuggles and puppy kisses from Mr. Oso will help you get through.
https://youtu.be/fCOODjrJhRQ
Bec & Eamon, you both are the epitome of sunshine for us all! ☀️ sending cozy, loving vibes your way!
Big hugs to you both and Oso!!! Thank you for sharing your journey with us and even though most of us don’t know you in person we feel like we know you and are family to us. You are strong and loved.  I’ve been thinking about you daily and sending you healing vibes. Take care
we love you, Bec .. we love you, Eamon .. ❤️➕❤️
Don’t over think it! Visualize health! See the cancer going out of your body!
Sending our love from Lancaster, PA.! 🙏🏼😘
Sending so much love, healing, positivity and strength to both of you 💘
You're my hero, Bec. If I could have 1% of your positivity and strength, I'd be happy.
Sending lots of love and positive energy to you! Fighting! 🙏🏻
Good Luck Eamon and Bec!  You have such a healing space at your cabin.  You are doing all the things to support your healing.  Leaning in and letting go of expectations.  You got this!
Praying for y'all. This is a hard journey but y'all can do it. God bless you.
You Go Girl!!! You Got This! Kick Cancers butt!
You got this Bec!
Thinking and praying for both of you to be strong. For inspiration I suggest watching Sue Aikens that starred in that Life Before Zero in Alaska.  That woman lived in Alaska alone with no town for 500 miles away. She got attacked by a bear that dislocated her hip. She crawled back to camp, cinched her hips back together with a gun belt went back out, found that bear and shot it!!! Crawled back to camp and waited 10 days for help. She wasn't deterred from courage. So, I highly suggest you follow her journey through your chemo. Courage is the word here.  I too am surprised you got sick with your diet. Just lower your sugar intake because cancer loves sugar!!! Keep Arginine levels in balance with L-lysene. YOU WILL MAKE IT THROUGH THIS!!!!❤❤❤❤🥰🥰🥰🥰
You poor sweetie. What an ordeal. Huge hugs. (Gentle ones).
I think it’s very normal to try to make sense of it but I’m not sure anyone ever does. It helped me to learn more about chemo as I always associated it with chemical. I learned it is actually serviced from plants and that made the world of a difference for me. All my love and light to anyone reading this, fighting cancer, in remission, or supporting a loved one on their journey
You've got this.  Cancer doesn't stand a chance against you two
You just inspire the life in me!!! You are beautiful and strong, breathtaking and courageous..  Thank you for sharing your world even when you might just want to not…  We stand with you girly  So much love is being sent your way!!!   And I am a person whom loves animals and in my darkest days my dogs have forced me up and out of my own way!! Your beautiful pup is such a positive force and the love from him to you is giving me such vibes !!
Love and prayers for you guys. Thank you for being willing to share your journey. The ups and downs of this road you’re on will be the things that grow you even further than you’ll even realize. Much love and positivity is sent your way every day ❤️❤️❤️
So so proud of you both. Your knocking it out of the park Becs . 🥰❤💪💪
I’ve been anxiously awaiting this video, or any news, since you posted two weeks ago. I’m so glad to hear that you’re doing alright! ❤️
I love how you reframe things, like “liquid sunshine.” It definitely helps with keeping positive vibes and staying strong 🤟 All the best for you guys 💕
Sending you both so much love and positive vibes ❤️
Had never been so happy to see a video from you! We are rooting for you bec and eamon as well he is such a great support system for you. Cried from beginning to end, just know you are not alone and all of us are here for you! Love you guys , stay warm!
You are both amazing people… sending love ❤️
Love you Bec! You're a rock star lovely! 💖 (I'm normally a lurker but I just wanted to send some hugs.) 🤗  P.S. - I think pixie Bec is going to be AWESOME! 😍
Thank you so much for sharing your journey, I'm crying along side you and sending all my love and positivity to you. You can do this Bec!  ❤
This had me feeling all the emotions for you guys! Couldn't help but shed a tear thinking about how isolating it must be for you both at times... but also what a space you've created to heal in, that's priceless! As always, sending my love from down under 💕
Jesus break into their life with a powerfull revelation of your love and peace. I ask for cessation of any and all side effects of chemotherapy and complete and total healing from all infirmity. I pray in the beautifull nsme of Jesus Christ. I love you and will be praying for you.
Sending love and positive vibes from the UK. Thank you for sharing your journey with us. 💛 Big big virtual hug 💛
So powerful, thank you for being vulnerable and sharing with us!
Ps -30 day was painful
We love you Bec!!
So proud of you guys, power girl💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻,sending more prayers , love and positivity to you !! Go rock this Rebecca!
💚💚💚
Cried through most of this, it’s made me realize how much my mother went though with breast cancer when I was a self absorbed teenager who had no concept of the spectrum of her healing journey. Sending lots of love, hugs and positive energy your way. You are loved 🥰, and you’ve got this.
Good morning from Kansas! I’m so happy you’re honest with who you both are and your feelings about everything. I’m sending good vibes to the universe and saying special prayers of healing. Know that you are loved and we’re with you in this journey. ♥️
Sending you love and healing thoughts to you both each and every day.
All nine amino acids I know you want to hear this eat a piece of chicken or steak or fish chemo lights eat the muscle off you and eating is so important
I’m so grateful that you have Osso during this time, animals are sooo healing. Also grateful you live in Canada and don’t have to worry about going into debt for your liquid sunshine. ❤️💕 continue being strong, but remember it’s okay to give in to your feelings of frustration, anger, fear, etc.
If the world were filled with a million Eamons .....it wouldn't be enough. We love Bec.
Thank you for sharing your journey.💛
Bec,  I pray every night for your body to heal.  I know you and Eamon got this.   Please know you have a world of friends standing behind you cheering you and your body on!!!!!
Sending love and warm wishes good vibes everything positive your way you are so strong beautiful and have been such an inspiration for me you have help so many I’m sure and now we can lift you up ❤️ keep up the amazing -ness  that is you
Stay strong Bec, we are all with you. All around the Word ! This time from germany
You both are just simply amazing!! Sending you all of my love and healing vibes, Bec. You should be sooo proud of yourself, your a total boss!
Thank you both for sharing your journey good and bad.  So many people are affected by this and it could be helpful for them. Edited this since I just remembered…when my friend was having “liquid sunshine” her dog was licking the furniture a lot and her leather sofa had a bit of a tough time,  🛋 🐕
Truly, THANK YOU! Even for those of us who do not have cancer, you sharing this journey and your approach gives us HOPE, takes away the scary unknown, etc. I am a single mom of children who already lost their father. My fear is them losing me so seeing your amazing honesty, optimism and approach to this diagnosis is so truly inspiring and hopeful!!! Thank you again for allowing us to go  on this journey with you (as you are comfortable), you are taking the fear out of a terrible diagnosis by showing a beautiful approach ❤️ We are with you, we are praying, and we are here supporting ❤️
Hugs and wellness vibes coming to you from a fellow survivor and working to thrive! Let people support and help you along. Love you all!
Sending all the positive vibes to you both Xx
You’re just amazing, both of you. Take care of each other and stay strong. Sending so much love, strength and positivity your way. Thank you for sharing xx
stay strong
You have so much support  !💜💜👍🙏
I’m sorry for posting again, but, when my aunt went through this, she went homeopathic.  It worked …there was a lot. This light therapy, choleric clean outs, which I did with her ..lol…wheat grass, no red fruits or veg and no sugars… greens and steamed veg … may sound cray cray, but it worked….
Much love to you Bec.  We are all so proud of you.  You are both in my prayers continually.  ❤
Hey bec x I’m 34 and always watched my diet (no red meat limited dairy etc no bread in 14 years! No junk. It’s been 4 years since my last piece of chocolate ) and I still managed to get MS at 23, and RA at 33. I exercised at least hour every single day on treadmill, crosstrainer and weights I have at home  (even Christmas Day , but some days off when I’ve been Too weak/dizzy/sore) since I was 20. Prior to that I was very active at work so didn’t exercise alot, but played 3 sports all through school. It’s truly so crazy how people like us who live so healthy can be hit with things that we ultimately think we are helping prevent (sickness). Thinking of you and I believe you have the will and strength to beat this.  ❤️nz. I feel your frustration even though our journeys are different , I’ll be thinking of you often !!!
Sending you strength and positivity! You go girl!!! Fight the good fight!
fighting back tears this entire video. You really don't deserve to be going through this. Sending all the best wishes your way! So pleased you have an amazing support network!
Love you guys!! Shit happens, one bad thing is bound to happen to everyone in life. You got this lady!!!!
I sincerely hope you get well and you're able to live out a full life, with your partner who obviously loves you greatly. All the best.
I'm so angry that you have to go through this without Eamon holding your hand. It's not fair that he has to sit in the car while you get the treatments. Argh!  I love you both so much!
You’re just amazing, both of you. Take care of each other and stay strong. Sending so much love, strength and positivity your way. Thank you for sharing xx
You stay on my mind and in my prayers...both of you! Bec, you look great in shorter hair! It was a joy to see you have more energy at the end of the video. Eamon, you are a champion. <3
Have you guys looked into the correlation between vaccines and cancer? I have family members that came out of remission after their second dose unfortunately and I’ve been noticing more healthy people getting diagnosed with cancer. I know it’s a SUPER controversial topic but it’s definitely something you could investigate if you are looking for answers. It may not be related tho who knows
you got it your the best!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
You’re just amazing, both of you. Take care of each other and stay strong. Sending so much love, strength and positivity your way. Thank you for sharing xx
Praying for you and Eamon through through this horrific time! Love that you are have the close support around you!
I’m a newer subscriber to y’all (found your lovely channel through Kara & Nate!) but I just have to say that while I was watching this, I surprisingly could only think of how lucky you are. Of course not because you were diagnosed with cancer, but lucky because you have such a wonderful support system around you. The overwhelming love that Eamon and your family has for you was what shined through in this video. Hang in there, you’re going to crush these treatments!!
Hugs and prayers  to you both.
We love you, Bec!! ☀️💛🙏
❤️❤️❤️
Sending a big hug and strength to you both 🤗
You got this Bec you're a rockstar 💪!.. just know that you're not alone and you have 100s if not thousands of people rooting for you and Eamon 🙂🙏.. while watching this video Ive cried with you and smiled with you.. and what you're doing (videoing your journey) is such an inspiration to us all 🤗.. Eamon you're such an incredible person and I hope you know that 🙂.. you two are so blessed to have each other!.. sending both of you positive energy, vibes and a big virtual hug!.. just remember YOU GOT THIS and THIS TO SHALL PASS!
Hi Bec. I'm not sure if the genetic testing included MTHFR gene variation. I am BRCA2+ and choose prophylactic bilateral mastectomies at 32 and then had reconstruction. What I was not told about or informed of is the risk to #breastimplantillness which also includes a risk to a rare lymphoma. It seems the MTHFR gene causes a much higher risk of breast implant illness. Please please please search this. I have been ill for 5 years with the last 2 before my explant surgery the worst. I ended up bedridden, couldn't use my hands, was in chronic pain. It was awful. Take care and I wish you all the health and stamina for your journey ahead.
Love and hugs to you both. Thanks for sharing your journey. 🤗
💛💛💛💛🧘‍♀️
Continuing prayers for blessings and healing in Jesus Name🙏🏾🙏🏾
🙏prayers and love 💕
Not everybody loses their hair
You can do it guys! E & B, smash this!
Super proud of you both. Your fur baby is just so wonderful. Hugs and sending healing thoughts and intentions your way.
A few months ago, I never imagined i would see titles like this on E&B vlogs. My heart is so heavy, but i could not be more grateful for your ability to share this experience. Thank you for being so open and honest. From self checks, to IVF, and now chemo - you are helping so many people. As much as we feel like we are in the living room with you, we want you to feel US there too. You are supported and so loved. ❤️💕
This is going to go by so fast I promise. This too shall pass. You got this both of you!! All the light and love.
Hi Ramon & bec , I am so proud of how you both are getting through this , you will have good and bad days but the good will shine ✨ through , you will learn a lot about yourself in the coming months but there is light at the end of the tunnel. Stay safe and well guys …. 😍 Steve
Chemo is tough, but you're tougher Bec!! Good luck, please remember how strong you are, and know that you're loved <3 <3
❤️❤️❤️ i feel so much love for you guys. sending that and prayers your way❤️
I couldn’t help but notice your dream catcher in the car is Jamaica 🇯🇲 colours. Sending you all the love, sunshine and healing vibrations from the island!!! You got this!! 💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾.
Bec, there are naturopath doctors that do IV treatments for perfect humans going through cancer… boost your body with the goodness it needs right now! You should look into it!! Not that you want to be poked anymore than you already have to. Xo   Also, CBD!!   The love and support between you two is unreal!! Thanks for sharing your journey!
You`re a amazing couple. All the best to both of you
i think your body feel grateful for all these years you did to take care of her, maybe she needs a little more loving. My grandpa is in cancer journey too right now, it is tough but he's stronger than ever. Sending you lots of love and prayers, such an inspiration ❤️
You can try peppermint essential oil for nausea. My fiancé used that after his surgery.
Having a dog just makes everything better doesn’t it? What a sweet boy!! My prayers and thoughts are with you through this. I know you will be triumphant over this period of your life, and we will all look back in a year or two’s time and marvel at what the universe provides; both good and bad. Big love to you both, and Oso! 🥰🙏🏻
Bec thank you for sharing this so honestly. Your way of tackling this whole journey is beyond inspiring ❤️
surround yourself with people that uplift you right now you're going to need it think positive even on your worst day and you're puking your guts out they know that laughter is wonderful medicine and you have a loving family and a wonderful mate that supports you. And so many people that are sending prayers and love your way.
Sending love to both of you 💛💛💛
Eamon be strong, I have had those moments when all you want is to help the person you love feel better, but sometimes you can’t, and it sucks. Be strong brother.
Eamon and Bec I am sending you both lots of love and prayers. Bec you are an amazing, strong and loving woman. You are such a light. 💚
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Every atom of me is vibing positive for you. All my love to you both, from windy Cornwall, England.
Bec i just wonna Tell you how much i love you and how much power and love im sending you !! You are going to Rock That. Eamon you are also just amazing and so powerful.  I Love you guys so much ❤️
fyi...brush your teeth especially after vomiting
My thoughts and prayers are with you…both….know I’ve never met you, but love you guys. You bring so much happiness and joy and you both got me through such tough times with your videos.
LOVE AND PRAYERS BEC!💖💖💖
Love you Bec!! I pray for you always ❤️ I also am absolutely in love with osso he seems so sweet.
My best friend has stage four pancreatic cancer and we call her chemo Road Trip Juice or Tulum Juice or Aloha Juice, etc 😘
Sending you both and your fur baby so much love and healing energy. You’ve got this!!! 💪💕
Wow Bec you got this girl 💞🙏 I've cried tears for use God bless and Eamon keep doing what you doing for your woman you both just rock .🙏💞💙
Eamon, as a spouse watching your loved one walk into a space you can't enter to do something that you like vowed to support them on....what's that moment like for you and how do you mentally work through that?
So proud of you ❤️
You got this Bec! Love from Serbia ❤
“Find something small to be grateful for” thank you for this beautiful reminder. Sending much love to you both
Bec been watching you and Eamon on youtube for a while now  and I never comment but after watching this video I just want to send you a big hug and tell you how proud I am of you and I admire your strength . They say behind every strong women there is a strong man (Eamon) and vice versa. Bec you got this! 💛
Eamon, Bec, you are amazing!  You are a great team and a couple that can motivate, help each other and go through everything ❤  And everything will be great, I promise !  You know what, you motivated me to buy a van and it was an awesome decision!   When you started building a house, I started it too and I built a huge house for my mom and dad) It’s hilarious when you both started drywalling, I did the same)  You are amazing, thank you for your videos and motivation that you give !  Just want to say that I’m with you and you are definitely will handle everything ❤
Ciao sei bellissima andrà tutto bene coraggio.❤️❤️❤️
You both have been on my mind. Hate that you have to endure this. Sending you so much love and strength.
Bec & Eamon , sending prayers for both of you to heal🌿 your a very strong & healthy woman. I stand with you guys in Bec’s healing process , love your guys channel & want to spread love to you. Love you Bec!💕 as odd as it sounds you have helped me become a healthier woman & more mindful thinking. You rock girl! & thank you for speading your love on your channel because it does spread to others!
Cancers are fueled by glucose.  Eating carbs(fed state) that raise blood sugar is like adding gasoline to a fire. When in a fasted state the body turns to ketone bodies for fuel which starve the cancer. Desperate times call for desperate measures. The water fast is the most extreme "Keto" diet. The body is fueled by its own fat reserves primarly and harvests its own protein for the small trickle of sugar required  to keep you alive during the fast. That harvesting(autophagy) follows a very beautiful order and takes the garbage of the body first which includes cancers. This is how a fast can starve and even consume a cancer.
We love you Bec. Thinking only the very best thoughts for you, you precious woman.❤️
We are all blessed for you sharing hunni! Sending healing,and positive vibes for you,and prayers for strength for Eamon.
Right there with ya bec. Dec 7 2021 I was diagnosed with PAH. My whole life changed. Right when I thought things were getting better my header started to fail and o was put on echo and woke up in Feb 2022. You got this girl. We both do
sending love to you guys <3 incredibly strong
Yeh if I had to guess I would say c19 v@x caused this
I don’t know what to say.  Thank you for being open and vulnerable.  I’m astounded by your strength and bravery.  Thinking of you both and praying for your health and wellness.
💚
Proud of you both on your good days and bad days☀️🤍
Positive healing vibes to you both. I'm thankful you are sharing this. I consider you guys extended family. Much love from me to you both
Good luck Bec! Sending you lots of positive thoughts. Whatever you're feeling and going through is totally valid. You are not to blame for your diagnosis. Be kind to yourself just as you'd be kind to anyone else going through what you're going through right now :)
So I stopped in the first minute and a half of the video realizing you have to go through 5 months of chemo, if my calculations are correct that means 20 videos from now hopefully you'll be cancer free and back to business!! 🥳🥳 (but take it easy though! 😉) Sending lots of energy and good vibes from far away!! ✌🏽
No get up and do the yoga
Sending loving healing energy to both of you from Houston, TX! Thank you both for being awkward, brave & kind in sharing this journey. 🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
All love and prayers to you both. 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼💗💗💗🍀🍀🍀
Loveyou guys be thankful to be fully ontarian has more than other provinces and countries your the journey continues 💖
Much Love to you both, Hell, to all your family!  We care ...
Love you guys sending positive vibes to you both
remember we all have an endocannobidol system in our bodies and i know rick simpson oil helps clean up damage caused by chemo..you take it inbetween chemo..ive known people with stage 4 cancer told there was nothing left they could do..well there was...there was rso and its cured many many people..use it symbiotically..research as much as you can.
Praying for your health and wellness. 💝🙏💝 We love you guys and our hearts are with you.💝
The love you guys have for each other is so amazing, makes me keep fighting for love🥰 And Bec stay strong, you are doing so amazing❤
Praying for you and healing is a life changing process, my admiration for your clarity and strengh
This is so powerful….sharing this is everything. You’re so brave both of you. Thank you for sharing. I’m so proud of both of you! 💗💖💝💕😘😘😘😘
Girl you got this it is just 5 months that is not long at all ok you doing great it will be done before know it ok love you guys and that beautiful baby you guys have in your life now ..you go girl love love you guys
A puddle over here 🥺💛 liquid sunshine for a ray of sunshine! You both are incredible and we are championing you all through this with so much love and prayers!! Big hugs 💛
YOU GOT THIS BEC! 💪🏼💪🏼💪🏼 💕 Huge healing hugs to you & Eamon 🙏🏼
I am in tears at how strong you are, Bec! Prayers that you will continue this process with great strength. Love you guys!
You are a real warrior bec you can do this  from someone who’s been there  I’m 22 years clear of Cancer   I’m sending you positive vibes  be good to yourself and Eamon your the man you make a excellent team  love from a fan in New Zealand 😘😘😘😘😘😘😘❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🫂🫂🫂🫂💕💕💕🇳🇿🇳🇿🇳🇿
You are incredible Bec, even I the toughest time you are a delight and have such a positive attitude Xxx we love you so much , and wish you nothing but good health and lots of love 💗
Wish you the best from the bottom of my heart!❤️
I'm a senior citizen retired in Ecuador. I have been following your channel for several years and you have brought me so much joy. Please know that my heart and prayers are with you and that your followers can repay the joy.
Chemo does not cure breast cancer
11:22 you say your skeptical of the whole pharmaceutical industry...yet you got the jab (which was still in "testing" when released to the public).  None the less, your channel is great and you seem like good people.  Prayers to you both.
Bec, you are just the epitome of grace and beauty. Sending well wishes to you and Eamon!
Bec you are such a strong person for showing what you are going through I hope and pray that this all works out for you xxxx
Please be okay. My heart is with you.
Thank you so much for doing videos, it must be hard but we so appreciate getting updates x
Prayers and all good energy vibes are being sent to you as you navigate all of this new territory.!
This is so unfair. Bec really didn't deserve this.
Bec you have an incredible partner in Eamon with you during this journey.  Your family and friends are with you, along with the thousands of YT family.  U guy's have got this.🇿🇦🤗
I just prayed for you guys! Best wishes, it’s going to be hard but I believe in you both. I have watched you guys bravely  jump into the deep wild ocean & find the beauty and peace around you, this too will bring you wonderful blessings and through it you will grow stronger, you will feel deeply the love that surrounds you and your story will be supportive and inspiring to others. Sending warm hugs :) Bec have you considered a earthing mat since it’s still cold out?
Praying for healing <3 hugs
Love you so much! You’re so strong and amazing and even when you feel like you aren’t, just know that there are now a million people who think you are and love you just as much!
I’m sorry to say and I normally NEVER comment. But. The AG ad in the video is really out of place. If you guys need money you HAVE to start a gofundme but advertising this processed powder in a chemo video isn’t smart.
Love you guys! Wife and I sending prayers and positive thoughts to both of you. But also trying to send you both some strength to get thru the dark days, knowing you both will get thru this.
Like all your viewers, sending you hugs and support. So glad that you are having modern medicine but also please look at herbal remedies for your side effects. This too will pass xx
I love you and I’m sending you healing vibes my friend 💛
Bec I love how Eamon couldn’t go in to treatment with you but you met an angel name Elaine. ❤️❤️ My childhood friend is currently in sunshine treatment also; thank you for the perspective 😘
Positive-you have a lot of people 🙏🏻 praying for you
You go Bec! We are with you! YOU ARE STRONG
Sending so much love and light ❤️❤️ you are a liquid sunshine WARRIOR! 🌞
Thinking about and praying for you guys constantly! Your positivity amazing and inspiring! You got this Bec, stay strong!
We found it extremely helpful to note down the symptoms during the cycle. It helped during the bad and nauseous days knowing how long it would last. Also the red devil. Full recovery after. You can do this hard thing. There is an after where it doesn't rule your life anymore.
Ive been thinking about you and hoping for an update your remarkable stay positive it will help you get through this.  Eamon Is one strong supportive dude I'm so happy you got  your dog cuz there's nothing better than having the love of a dog  especially during this time sending a lot of love and positivity your way you can do this!!🥰🤗🤗
its crazy how people so fit can succumb to such horrible diseases..all the best im sure you are a perfect patient to win this battle..
Sending you guys so much freaking love. Such a strong couple. 💛💛💛
stop drinking that juice
Praying. Be positive and leave it in God's hands. It work for me.
Hey guys, just wanted to reasure you that NONE of this is your fault, sometimes life just wants to test us and see how strong we are.  Just keep  that beautiful energy and thoghts, and the storm will pass.  Love you, guys, sending lots of love from Argentina. ❤️❤️❤️
I don’t know if you’re a Jerry Lewis fan but I watch nothing but Jerry Lewis movies going through chemo I had known it no negativity I didn’t watch any news comedy really helped
So proud of you Bec! 🌼 Sending lots of love
We love you, Bec! You are so brave to share this! Hugs and much love from the Netherlands!
Surrounding you with virtual love, Bec (& Eamon).  I cry with you guys :-(   Jeremy and I are sending you guys healing, positive vibes. Keep fighting the good fight. *_YOU. WILL. WIN!!!_*
So proud of you you Bec. Sending warmth and love to you. Never been so happy to get a notification
🙏
Continued love snd prayers for y’all.
Try with a herbalist.
Love you guys SO much! Sending you guys love, light and healing prayers! ❤️❤️❤️
Thank you for sharing your journey <3 happy healing on this crazy start of an adventure.
The tractors are gonna get rid of all the mandates are you’ll be able to go in the hospital together and not be alone in the chemo room
Vegan cancer fighter here.....I was so full of hope and bright energy  for the first 6 months. Then if I wanted a hambuger I ate it..dairy heck ya lol..everyone's journey is different  and I applaud yours bek stay strong....
Omg I must be so hard for both of you, for bec to go their alone and for eamon to be not their I would for sure freak out.  But love that you are very positive and in a good energy it would get hard sometimes but just so you know all of us are praying and hoping for the best.  Love you ❤️❤️❤️
I totally get not looking into too much before you're in the moment. Creating scenarios in your head is often very negative and trying to spin things is sometimes difficult.  Also, so cool of you to show your journey. Plus your hair is very becoming at the end of the video. You've got a lot to look forward to.
Stand Stong! - Dr. Gonzo, " The youtube Dr. "
Why are all the comments getting spammed?
intermitting fasting, helps with the side effects of chemotherapy.  You are in my prayers.  God bless!
I think Lee knew this was going to happen and wanted to be an angel in heaven to watch over you 🥰 stay strong you are amazing xx
Thank you Bec for sharing this. It will help so many people. My friend started her duty 2 years ago and she is now clear and reconstruction next month. You are amazing . Sending love and paraders from Wales xxx
Literally have not stopped thinking about you two this past month. I am constantly checking in on your Instagram to see if there are any updates. You both are rock stars - especially you Bec. There are so many people rooting for you ❤️
we love you so much bec! you're a strong inspiring wonderful person ❤
Hey Bec!stay strong .... evth is going to be alright.. sending love from Nepal💜❤💕🇳🇵
🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽 Praying for you beautiful! 🌿💚🤗🤗
If you haven't read a world without cancer you might want to it was very informative for me during my journey with breast cancer and I also eliminated all sugar from my diet
I am so sorry you are going thru this. My mom had breast cancer 42 years ago. I remember those dark days for her and I am praying for you two. Keep strong in faith, Aaron. It is so great of you to share with everyone your journey.
There are hospitals all over the world that allow loved ones to be with them.
You Can do it Bec 👍👍💜💚 I know this is hard, Ive been there too, But by doing this, you're going to help so many people to go get their exams done and Mammograms.   Journal your whole Cancer Journey, so you will have it later, Take it one day at a time.  I was sick for 3 days after my Chemo, too....This Year, I'm going to celebrate 10 years Cancer Free 💜💚  ROCK ON WARRIOR  👍
I've been thinking about you all and your families. I love you all so much. I really hope you all know how much you are loved and how special you all are. I'm sure that, like a lot of others here, I wish I lived closer so I could be of support. You're both such a wonderful couple, and I love you guys. 💚💚💚💚 As someone who has had cancer a few times, Eamon is amazing
Hey Beautiful Couple ! I am praying for the both of you. Bec, you are so brave to share this journey. Much love from Mississippi.
Hope she beat it and start a new chapter in her life!
The fact that I see the dates and realize you are going through even more of this after the camera is off I can’t imagine going through this the worse things happen to the best people sorry you are going through this
💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕 Our family loves you both so incredibly much. Hugs and good vibes to you both 💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕
I feel very bad you have to go thru this. I would immediately look into water fasting. READ, READ and READ some more on this subject.  Putting your body into deep ketosis is a frickin nightmare for cancer. It has been shown in studies to slow, stop and even reverse cancer.  There is no medical treatment out there that can achieve these results.
I was just praying for you this morning-every day praying for you! Sending lots of love!
Sending you healing vibes....be well. Heal and get on the road. Love and prayers.
Was surprised to see this today. Sending you Love from a very windy UK, keep your chin up Kate xx
Praying and thinking of you Bec!! You’re going to get through this!! You are sooo incredibly strong and brave! We are all here for you.
I joined when introduced by Kara and Nate.  I'm a nurse and can feel the quiet anguish you're going through.  We're all behind you.  Love the fringe too ;)
I wish you a speedy recovery see you soon.
Wishing the both of you all the best - its amazing to see how much positivity the both of you have through all of this and also to see how honest and real the both of you are. Thank you for sharing your journey with all of us and just being your amazing selves 🧡 sending all my love and healing vibes
Best wishes.
My mom got breast cancer in 2020 and it was so hard not being able to support her because of the virus. So I feel like I couldn’t understand what she went thru so this is giving me some kind of look what it was like for her maybe. Thank you and I hope you all the best.
sending love. So proud of you Bec, much love to you both, you got this! Love from Barcelona  ❤
Love you so much Bec you are so strong xx
Sending love from the uk❤️. Keep strong Bec also Eamon stay strong your exactly what Becs needs ❤️
That moment where Bec walked into the hospital and Eamon stood and watched her walk in made me tear up. Wishing you all best 🙏❤️
Bought your latest recipe book...I'm no vegan...but I do love vegetables, beans etc...the recipes looks amazing....will make one this week...Cheering you on...you are a warrior...slay those bad cancer cells....
Back I want to thank you for showing me what you're going through my sisters just now starting hers and she won't let anyone in please share everything is possible so I know what my sisters going through
You are amazing! Keep being positive. Praying for you both.
Eamons kiss in the car gave me all the feels. Thank you for making us part of this journey, we're all thinking about you two and sending good vibes ✨
Love you guys so much!! Sending love and light!!!
Have cried through every one of these videos. Your guys attitude through all of this has been so admiring. We are all rooting for you both 💛
God bless you!!  I am praying for you!  My wife has beat stage 4 ovarian for 9 years so think good things.
We are all here with you Bec, you will get through this one way or another. We love you
Thinking about you so much !!!! Love to you both !!! Your both hero’s !!! Hugs to you ❤️❤️❤️❤️💪💪💪⭐️⭐️
❤️❤️❤️❤️only positive vibes. Can’t wait until you’re back out traveling the world again and this chapter is behind you and only a part of the journey that made you two some of the sweetest kindest people ever
With all that you are going through we are so grateful that you are soending your valuable time with us. Holding you both in my heart and prayers.
Just love you guys, I’m sorry your going through this, sending you healing prayers 🙏🏻
Happy sunday, it is eamon & bec day  I love your journey through difficult time for bec as she doing chemotherapy
I'm crying 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 ❤️❤️❤️❤️
You can be strong beyond your imagining. You might look into the relationship between carbs and sugar and Cancer. Keto may be helpful. Also look into iodine. Watch Dr. Berg's most recent video on iodine and breast cancer in Japan. Just suggestions. xx 💯💗🇨🇦
Speedy recovery Bec, stay strong
Cute cut Bec. You did great!
I pray to the universe every day for your recovery Bec.  Just letting you know in words that here’s one more supporter.  🙏🙏🙏❤️🇨🇦
I’m from the Philippines, my aunt is also having her liquid sunshine. She brings ice and puts it in an insulated mug. She puts it near the veins to avoid bruising. Idk if it’ll work with you. Hihi  You got this Bec! And Eamon! We love you 💞
🤎🤎🤎
I love you guys so much ! You are so strong and I know you’ll beat this ! Always in my prayers ❤️
Sending hugs and prayers to you both. Kick butt Bec ..you got this.
I am cutting my hair to donate to locks of love. In love and support of  you and in memory my aunt that I lost to cancer. I am praying for comfort and peace through your journey and know that there is tons of love surrounding you
Praying for you! Is there an address where we can send you something? There is something that helped me after I had a brain aneurysm rupture and two strokes and also when we were going through IVF. Hugs 🤗
It is good to be skeptical!
Hi Bec I just want to beg you to drink Dr Vogels, Bio-strathsyrup
Lots of love and good vibes sent your way!!! You got this beautiful Bec!!
My heart goes out to you I was in your same spot nine years ago it’s a rough road but you can come out the other side lots of prayers and healing to you
Please know that we feel and appreciate your love, heart felt messages and prayers. We can feel this community rallying behind us and it is so unbelievably special ✨
I think it’s really beautiful to see you smiling even through the hard parts. Beautiful, powerful and hopeful to see, that even if it is a really hard situation to experience, you don’t “lose” or “have to lose” your smile! ❤️ Lots of love to you wonderful people!  ☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️
Thanks for sharing, very special that you are able to share your experiences. Wishing you all the best,  you have got this! X
You go you guys i love you two to
If you do cut your hair, make a wig of your own hair
Lots of vitamin c, fasting, raw diet,
rooting for you & sending you the best thoughts & vibes ✨💓
You are so strong Bec! Thinking about you ❤❤❤
When my hair started to come out, it upset me. Then I remembered that this meant the chemo was working and that helped a lot. So, remember when yours falls out, the chemo is working. It also helped me to go ahead and shave my head because I didn’t have to keep dealing with slow hair loss. Stay as positive as you are.
Your amazing Bec!! Big hugs from me
Hello lovers!!!!   Happy to see you guys well.  Hang in there troopers championssss!   Look how wonderful you guys have your own home and able to have your own perfect space to call home and go to.  Guys!  There is nothing or anyone to blame for these types of issues.  We are all at risk, this is life.  You will be great!!! Sending you both tons of love and warm hugs.
So proud of you bec, you’re such a fighter. ❤️❤️ thank you so much for your honest journey and the documentation. Praying for you and sending sunshine and love and above all health your way x
You BOTH are AMAZABALLS 👏👏  Sending ❤️from Australia
You are both in our thoughts.  You are a fighter you can do this.
If you had to explain what AG taste like how would you describe it?
I know this might not be the same but I will say this… I’ve been on low dose chemo every week injections for RA I’ve had since 12 that’s getting worse- but LISTEN TO THIS💕 in a year that I have been on it- it cleared out most of my active inflammation in my body and I’ve lost 60 lbs in a year of extra fluid in my body from it.  Just remember you take in those heavy drugs but at the same time meditate on it going to work and healing you ❤️🙏😘 hang in there you got this love
I've been with ya for a while and have always admired you both. However, not sure where your spirit stands. You say what else is there but as a complete outsider I don't know if you ever called upon Jesus. I am not sure bc I have never heard you thank him(I may have missed it in several videos for all I know). Just wondering because last I checked he saved my life, and the lives of millions. Please don't take this as anything other then a God fearing woman letting you know JESUS SAVES. Take from it what you will but God told me to say Jesus loves you! I'm crazy and I'll own it. But I love you guys and want you to have all the healing options out there.
Sending love and hugs and prayers to you and Eamon! 🙏❤🙏❤
SUGAR is the enemy.  Cancer thrives with Sugar. Fruit juice, pasta, breads. I survived Neck Cancer.  Vaccines are not a good idea as well. Especially the mRNA
Bec and Eamon, I’ve not even finished watching your video (I’ve watched nearly all of them, I’m converting my own van atm)  and I feel the need to stop for a moment to let you know that you are both such incredible and beautiful souls. Sending healing, love and light to you both. Arohanui, from my heart to yours, Victoria, Wanaka, New Zealand 🧚🏼‍♀️♥️
Eat mushrooms. All different types. Even the magical ones.
Im in Ottawa and i wish i could come give you both the biggest hug. Please know you have a community behind you. Sending you love ❤️
Hey if you wanna cry then cry. It helps people going through it. I know if I was about to go through that I would want to see how someone else coped with it. You are so strong. Thanks for sharing!
Your Oncologist sounds AMAZING! You guys got this! We are all behind you, praying and cheering for you. 💗
Love you so much Bec!!!!!!!!!!!! You are going to do great! Love you both so much!
Thank you for still finding the energy and will to keep us updated! You are amazing people! Wishing you all the best!
Thank you for being strong and sharing this journey with us. Will be with you every step of the way!❤️❤️❤️🇨🇦🇨🇦
Keeping you in my prayers!! I had to battle brain cancer at age 10 and what got me through it was having my family with me. When you feel weak or feel down grab ahold of your family and let them carry you!!
Praying for you both! ❤ ♥️
Many Thoughts & Prayers coming from Wisconsin and being sent to the Both of You during this this of Healing, Pain & Emotions. YOU are In ALL of OUR Hearts YOU 2.
It’s scary as hell for someone like you bec to get cancer , your my image of a super healthy positive person whom is so in tune with her body and mind and lives a positive, productive and happy life , who’s always mindful of others and cares deeply for everyone around. Just know people all over the globe are rooting for you lovely lady 💚🌱🌎
Eamon, use an older type light bulb that puts heat out next to the engine is enough to keep the engine heated so you don't have any problems in the morning when you are ready to go.
You will endure and end up in remission. Stay strong!
Be strong Babygirl. Many prayers.
Thinking off you both, I been though this and I did a lot of fasting which you can look up the benefits for doing this, mind was a lot less sickness, healing from my mastectomy really well. No one can tell you what to do , but it was something that really helped me. God bless you , I pray for you 😘😘🙏🏻🙏🏻
Hugs hugs hugs to you all❤️ Pray  for you often. Love and light ✨🌞
I think it’s amazing that you spent last year building your dream oasis, so that this year you’ll have a peaceful calm space for healing.
If you do a bit of research all soya products have natural estrogen if you have to much of it  it is not the greatest .My mother had breast cancer  caused by the hormones the doctor kept precribing. Hang in there my mom has been cancer free for 30 years. Chin up there is a light at the end of the tunnel.
My dad started his chemo for non Hodgkins on December 21.  So sorry u have had such bad side effects to the chemo. My dad has his last session this week for his first cycle. He goes for his first post chemo scans in beginning of March. Sending u so many positive thoughts.  I have been thinking about u all so much
Hi love’s, I will continue to pray for get better and better journey, I had to watch my mother go through what your going through, my heart and prayers are with you. God Bless you for having a beautiful Blessed caregivers and lots of love around you, which helps you every day of your life. I love you guy’s. Lots of love and hugs. 🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾❤️❤️❤️🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾💕💕💕
0:40 4:03 Stop eating processed drinks,shakes and juice. Factory made powder mixed, juiced up are really bad. Simply drink water. No matter vegan or not, organic or not, any processed juice, drinks, shakes, powders are extremely bad. Imagine a mixer, blender with all the greased motor, bearings, gears, mechanical parts.
Been thinking of you both a lot. Sending healing and peaceful vibes to you always. You are amazing! ❤️
Thinking of you all! We love supporting you now more than ever. Sending all the good vibes your way.
Bec, I’ve been watching your channel since the start, you’re so strong, I was diagnosed with lupus at 16 and didn’t have family or friends to help me through understanding and treatment, you’re blessed and you don’t know how strong that makes the rest of us feel. Don’t lose your sense of control, and don’t put blame in anything, just live life one day at a time, I’m proud of you.
Love the way you’re framing this! So glad you have loved ones supporting you! Also- Oso is SO cute
Stay strong dear❤
Do you have a root canal?
You’ve got this Bec! Look into Dr Joe Dispenza :)
Also you may want to Look up MMS Health Recovery Guidebook by Jim Humble
You are so strong Bec, thinking of you in these hard times but I am confident you will get through it all. Keep fighting, we are all here for you💜💜
You are so incredibly strong Bec 💕 Thank you for your positivity 🙏  I would deffintly recommend reading Anatomy of the Spirit by Caroline Myss
yay ... well oh  hope you ok !
I suscribed because i want to be here when you announce you're cancer free :)
I’ve been more glad for Sundays, you are so strong and you have all of us by your side
Holding you, Eamon, and your entire family - in love and healing light. We love you. We are with you, beloved Bec.
I just want to leap through this darn screen & give you a giant hug 💗💗💗 You’ve got an army of positive people behind you Bec 😘
Hey , Try doing research on Iodine.  Best wishes. And get away from that highly estrogen,  highly pesticides and highly process vegan diet. Please 😭
I'm crying listening to your oncologist! he sounds so so lovely!
God bless you and I'm praying for you!
I hope you’re in the comments today Bec. We love you, you got this! You and Eamon are in our prayers. We hope Oso is snuggling you and keeping his mama comfy.
Hang in there Bec.  We are all praying for you! ❤️🙏🏻❤️
I hear you loud and clear... trying to do everything right! Makes no sense!!! Stay on your path.. you got this🙏🙏🙏🙏💕
🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
Bec... Grated frozen lemon rind on all your food is better than chemo...
At least you are overall healthy and you exercise and eat right, if not it would be worse. 🙏
Sending you both ❤️❤️
Your strength is so inspiring! Praying for you and your family beautiful!
Do you have a root canal?
I am an oncology nurse. It is a COMPLETE privilege to care for cancer patients. They are a different breed of folks that’s for sure. I’ve had numerous patients make me cry from how kind and generous they are. I love taking care of new patients especially. It really makes my day when a new patient comes in full of nerves (totally expected and normal) and I can help ease those nerves a bit. I truly love what I do. You got this, Bec!
Heyyyyy so gooddd to see you guys
Stay strong! My mother got breast cancer half year ago, stage 3 cancer, she totally recover now😄 u will recover after treatment, message from Hong Kong .fighting!
❤
My first round was rough  I am still getting out of it
When I went thru the chemo it was very hard to eat. But you have to find some food that you can tolerate, and keep in your stomach. For me, it was apples. Fresh apples, or apple sauce. Keep marching girlfriend,  you can do this.
You are such an inspiration. You guys helped me through a lot the last year and it makes me so sad to be seeing this but I know you will get through it and thrive. I love you guys!!
Check into Paxman scalp cooling cap to maybe not lose your hair from chemo.
Sending love ❤❤❤
Peace & Blessings ☮️💜
I immediately clicked on the notification after I saw it. I was looking forward to your journey! Love you lots bec, you’re strong! Also Fuck cancer.
You’ve got this Bec! I pray for you every night.🤍🌷🕊
Sending hugs, thoughts and prayers. You are an amazing strong person and can get through this. We are thinking of you ❤
I know this isn’t going to be popular but have you looked into a ketogenic diet ? I believe you can do it as a vegan, but not sure how.
Bec you are amazing you are brave you are  stronger then you think. Sending love and prayers. Eamon sending you love and prayers too you are a rock such an amazing husband
Good morning beautiful Bec 🥰 and handsome Eamon 😉😂. Praying for you both because I know this takes a toll on both of you 🙏. Sending so much love ❤️ and so many hugs 🤗 🤗 your way. Even though i don’t know you personally, i have been following you guys for a WHILE lol. Just want to let you know that I LOVE YOU GUYS TO THE MOON AND BACK! Love to see your updates and I hope we can keep following you through this journey of your life as well. ❤️🙏🤗
It makes me want to cry you are such a good person I'm so sorry much love to you
Huge fan❤️  My family always loves watching you videos and we know Bec will get through this rough time❤️ we all love everything you do and who you guys are❤️ stay strong and lot’s of love from the border between Sweden and Norway❤️
all alll all all all the  best
I'm so sorry you are going through this, but you have so much love and support, and you are so much sunshine.  It's really disconcerting how much cancer is up since these injections.
You can do it 💪 you are so strong love you guys ❤
My two eldest sisters have the BRACA gene from their dad. My eldest sister beat breast cancer some 15+ years ago and has been cancer free ever since  and had a preventative double mastectomy, hysterectomy and gall bladder removal. My other sister is having a preventative hysterectomy this year.
We’ve been thinking about you lots Bec. I’ve never been more glad for Sunday to roll around and our E&B notifications ping 💛 Sending you a big virtual squeeze. xx Tania
love you both and so proud of you both!!!!!
Keeping both of your strength in my prayers xx ❤️
My thoughts and positive wishes are with you!!
There are all kinds of books out there regarding healing of cancer!!! Authors are often Cancer Victors.
You are so strong 💪🏼 love you ❤️
May you have perseverance through this difficult time as your body gets rid of the unneeded and makes way for the “needed”💕
I hope everything goes great and I'm sure it has been a struggle for both of you but if anybody can pull through this it will be you two. Stay safe
Wishing you Nothing but the best you got this!!!!
Sending lots of love from the UK ♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
love you guys, just sending every bit of love and healing! xxx
Is this a dream?  God is cruel God is kind? - - terrible things happen to beautiful women and what are we sposed to do with this?  Who planned this fucked up party I want to go Home.
Love you guys! From Wisconsin and this week we lost a step dad to me. He faught so damn hard !! But he didn't have to much pain at the end. Well wishes to you both !!!
Sending thoughts of strength & light to you Bec 🙏🏻
You are truly an inspiration. Wishing all the best from the bottom of my heart.
Im a very big fan, my whole family watches your videos and I really have to say that the way you are handling this is just amazing and lots of love from Ind ia
Prayers for you and Eamon every day.
Here for the long haul. We love you. You can be weak, we will be strong for you until the day you ring the bell.
you got this bec!
Love you both so much!!!
You’ve got this💗💗💗💗
Sending all possible strenght and patiense to you!
Sending so much love and healing energy to you from Prince Edward Island.
I’m a true believer in good things happen to good people, and you two are about as good as they come. You’ll come through this stronger than ever because you deserve to.
❤️❤️❤️ hang in there, you two!
Thinking of you, Bec ☀️ You are an absolute warrior and an inspiration to so, so many! ❤️
Sending love! You are a warrior! 💕
You got this Bec ❤️ I’m so happy to see a video this week. Continued thoughts and prayers 😘
Keep Your Head Up!! God Bless you two!!
We LOVE you Bec ❤️ You got this.
So much love sent to you both ❤️ YOU GOT THIS
We love you Bec! You got this! 👏🏻👏🏻❤️
Never meat such a strong person! Love u both a lot, stay safe and well. Sending all hugs 💞🥺🤗 xoxo
keeping you in my thoughts and sending good vibes!
You’ve got this babe!
Bec I've been praying for you every night and still am you are the bravest person that I know, you''ll get through it! I love youuuu <33
I’ve been so looking forward to this video!!!
We think about you and eamon a lot in this household!
Whenever I am down, I come to your channel to see your happy faces and positive energy which would distract me and make me feel better. Hope we can now provide that support for you both, stay strong ♥️
WE LOVE YOU BEAUTIFUL BRAVE BEC!  Your bravery, courage and willingness has been nothing short of amazing girl. I can only imagine how scary and unpredictable these times can be but your attitude through it all shows so much. Please never forget how inspiring you are Bec. Looking forward to today's video from some of my favourite people ❤ thankful to be here through this journey with you. We are always with you!
Here for your journey, here to lend your strength through positive energy. You've got thus Bec, you're so strong and you've got a powerful army supporting you. Hang in there🙏🏼🤍 victories are in the quiet moments🫂
Sending lots of love your way. ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I love your uggs 🙌😂
I’m only 18, but I have seen so much in this world, good and bad. When I was 14, my grandad (one of the people I loved most in the world) was diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer. He was only 64. He suffered beautifully for a year until a bout of pneumonia got him in the end. It’s such a cliché to say that he kept his smile until the very end, but he really did. He had this thick English accent and a never ending bucket of dad jokes, and he loved me so much. I never got to say goodbye, I don’t even remember the last thing I said to him, even giving the eulogy at his funeral didn’t give me much closure. But I was only a child and had to mature so quickly, I hated the world for so long after he left, I still do some days, it all seems so unfair. But part of me maturing is realising that the world is neither fair or unfair, it just is. It can be so cruel and so beautiful. I prayed to whatever deity would listen when he went into the hospital that, if he was suffering, he would die quickly and painlessly, like falling asleep. And that’s what he did, he passed out until his heart gave in. Some part of me knew when he went into that hospital that he wasn’t going to come out. Sometimes I think he heard my prayer and knew it was okay to leave. I know I didn’t kill my grandfather, cancer did, but maybe he heard me and knew I’d be okay eventually; or maybe he just did what a lot of people with cancer do and died. I won’t ever know. But what I do know is that he loved me soooooo much and won’t ever stop even though he’s gone, and I’ll always love him too. The world seemed cruel for taking him away from me, but now I realise it gave him to me in the first place. I only got him for 14 years, but what a brilliant 14 years it was. He lives on in the stories my family tells, in my memories and in the picture of him and his wonderful grin that I keep on my bedside table. I’m still young and not at all wise, but I urge you to see the beauty in the world, and to keep hope alive. It’s all any of us have sometimes, but it’s enough.
I love you guys ❤️
So good to hear from you guys! Sending lots of prayers, positive vibes and of course love
🖤
Such heart feels when Eamon notices the stunning cloud layer on the way to the Chemo center.  Hello loves, sending you light (liquid sunshine, the light of love, the light of day and all the rest) and joy. xoxoxo (and PS, you are BEAUTIFUL BEC, that shines from inside you and if you decide to come into the public view with your lovely hairless self, we will welcome you, hold you, remind you of your beauty, and convince you it is true (because it is). xoxo
Hi guys I just want to say thankyou for sharing this journey in your life, I'm so proud of you and thankyou for making such a difference in my life, we love you and hope everything goes well for you and keep going because your worth every second in life ❤️❤️❤️
Less than one minute in and I'm already crying. You are so special, Bec.
I’m so glad to see you uploaded. Been thinking about you so much
We love you Bec! Stay strong! So happy you have Eamon as a wonderful and supportive partner ❤️
Here early 🙌 ready to snuggle up and watch the next episode of your journey! Sending hugs and love ❤️
Completely here for your journey <3 Hope you are doing well and just constantly thinking of you. I went through this 2 years ago (28 now and thriving) I hope the best for you.
So proud of you, Bec! Sending lots of Love ❤
Lots of love and prayers from South africa.🤍🤍
You are so lucky to have a such supportive boyfriend❤️
You are so strong! I am so proud of you sharing your journey in the hopes of helping someone cope with their struggles. I appreciate you both. Prayers are with both of you! You got this!!
Sending you both so much love and light constantly 💜💜💜
I love you,  Bec. We're all rooting for you.  You're a Rockstar too, Eamon. Bec is blessed to have you.
Love you Bec, and sending love to you both💞
Sending love you Bec and you too Eamon. Thank you for this update. We are all sending you positive vibes. ❤❤❤❤🙏💋
Sending lots of love and positive energy to you both! 🤗🤗🤗
Happy Sunday! 💞💞💞
I love you so much and i wish you the best. God bless you
I can’t send enough love and positive energy to you both.    💛💛💛💛💛☮️💛💟💛✝️💛💛💛💛💛
So good to see you. Wishing you a swift recovery and better days ahead.
❤❤❤
Keep in up Bec! You can do it and will support you for sure! Love all the way from Asia!!!!
I only know you guys through a screen but I know you guys can get through this💗💗
Beauty morning guys!! Hello! Sending LOVE, strength, warmth, positivity, joy, health and adventure. You can do it!!! 🤍🦅👌🏽
You are a Rockstar! My whole family loves you ❤️!  Good luck, stay strong 💪
Morning glory...🧜‍♀️🌹🥀🌸💐🌷🌼💙 Your hair is adorable ....sending big love 💗
Im praying for you bec!! You make it through this!!! I love you guys!!🥰🥰🤗🤗
❤🙏
Lets go🤘 happy sunday yall❤️ love ya bec
You are soo strong!! So proud of you 🤍🥰
There you are!
Big hugs and strength and love and support
I hope you get well soon bec. Watching from the Philippines
sending all my love!
💕🙏🏼💕
happy sunday! sending positivity and love to you guys today!!!!
Clicked so fast. 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🥺
Love you two!!!!
Your so brave Bec
🥰🥰🥰
You're going to BOSS this Bec!!
Sending you so much love and positive vibes❤❤❤
You got this ❤️
Uuuuuuu yeeeeaahhh BABBY Pura Vida!!!!!!!! Vamos Bec!!!!
Sending you the most love!!!!
We're all rooting for you Bec ♡
First
