I realised after upload that I slipped up here: if you pay close attention, you can tell the way I pronounce GIF. Ah well! Also, subtitling this was an interesting job...
It’s obviously zhaif
I didnt *realise Laser was an acronym!   But more importantly its nice to know that it isnt spelt with a Z like Americans like to use instead of S's for words that end in "..ise". See above [*].
Jiff is a peanut butter
If only they knew what Jif actually was
Why don’t the words that are pronounced with J actually written with J
It's simple. It's pronounced "gee eye eff".
clearly it's pronounced /gaɪ/
Didn't this whole argument only start because the creator started to talk about it? I remember before the creator said anything, people used to say gif like gift. But ever since the creator came out I feel like the whole internet is against each other now. I don't quite get it.
the g in gif is pronounced like the g in gigantic
If I know what you mean, then I don’t care how it’s pronounced.
Just pronounce it with a french r to make everyone unhappy rif
Let’s pronounce it as Ji-Ai-Ef
Personally, I pronounce it as "gif" (hard g) because I didn't know what a gif was back then and it made me think of the word "gift" so I stuck with that pronunciation.
I pronounce it with a "г" sound. Becuase thays how we say it in Russian. And Russian is my native language and also where I heard the word from. We dont even say "гиф", by the way. We say "гифка".
Jraphics Interchange Format.
Anytime I hear the hard G I can't help but think the speaker is tech illiterate. Bad habit. There was a debate over this in the 90s but not nearly as much. Soft g is the way for historical reasons. There is no linguistic rule that favors either.
The only correct way to go about this is to spell each letter out every single time.
Tolkien crawls out of his grave and tells us it's "Jandalf" not Gandalf then dies again
Obviously it's GIF, not GIF! No matter how many times y'all GIF-ers try to tell me it's GIF, I'm just gonna keep saying GIF!
2:10 maybe theres more words but how many of those are loan words, vs "gift" being an English word?
It's "Graphics Interchange Format", not "Jraphics Interchange Format"
I pronounce it ‘Gee-eye-eff”
so uh...ive always read it gee ai eff...? just me? oh. okay.
its not
It's "Graphics Interchange Format", no acronyms
I just say /d͡ʒi: aɪ εf/ separately
2:32 shows his pronunciation
If you say "jif" because the creator of the format says so, you have to pronounce the Pokemon Hippopotas as "Hippo-puh-toss".
It’s graphics interchange format, not a peanut butter.
Its GIF. Jif is the peanut butter.
The pronunciation of GIF is proof that death of the author is real
You phucked it up with an outro tho 😢
The GIF creator is wrong about the pronunciation just like the Uno Twitter was wrong about card stacking not being allowed
I remember on CNN when my middle school used to show it every day at our essentially free time (or rather study time but only nerds study and I... am still a nerd but I didn't study) class there was this one guy who was known for pronouncing words, and he pronounced .gif as "d͡ʒiː aɪ̪ ɛf (or gee eye eff.)"
Gift is the closest word to gif, so it's pronounced with a hard g
How do you say "Gift"? Good. Now pretend the T is silent.
The creator is wrong. Its graphics interchange format
The fact that he wrote "it´s pronounced "JIF" , not "GIF"" is hilarious and a reprensentation of not only the whole issue, but a representation of how broken the language English actually is
it's actually pronounced mpreg
The inventor settled that debate.  He invented it, owned it, licensed it, he can name it.
Nope, Its a G sound. Like "graphics" --Doesn't matter what the origin is.
I don't care what the creator says it's pronounced GIF. That's how English works.
I just pronounce it as JEE AYE EFF
Hmmm pronouncing GIF with a soft g could be confusing to the unit of time (jiff)
From the perspective of a non-native English speaker, this feels like a bug (or a feature) of the English language. You should be able to know how to pronounce something by how it's written - at least in most cases. In English it feels like most cases are one-of-a-kind exceptions.
Strange thing is I used to pronounce it "jif" way and then, as I became more fluent in English, it changed to "GIF"
We pronounce it gif because it looks most similar to gift.
You know what, let people choose how they pronounce it, I don't mind either
ITS Graphics Interchange Format GRAPHICS NOT JRAPHICS also with your argument about JPEG the "p" doesn't make the "f" sound, but "ph" together does   (also this is just my opinion)
The awnser needs to be gīfœ
It’s gif.  You don’t spell Graphic like jraphic
its not jraphics
“The correct answer is of course, my co-author Gretchen McCulloch has a great podcast called lingthusiasm that covers all sorts of things like this. I recommend it, and the link is in the description”   Cool answer
1:24 spanish: no
Gee-PEG instead of jpg
in Polish there is no problem with that, we have only one pronounciation for most if not all letter combinations  well, maybe except some weird cases involving Polish letters (eg. sz, ś, dż, and alot more) but that is other story
Giraphics interchange format
The creator might claim its a Jraphics Interchangable Image... But its pronounced *G*RAPHICS not *j*raphics.
zheif
2:41 what if you heard the word before you even new english?
i think he says his pronunciation at 1:14 and 2:32
Dude, if it's meant to be pronounced JIF, he should have spelled it such. GIF for the win boiz!!!
it's pronounced gif, not gif, nor is it pronounced gif nor gif. it's pronounced gif.
it's pronounced like the g in gigantic
gift - gif
I randomly switch between the two and occasionally pronounce it yif to maximise confusion.
The fact that the pronunciation "JIF" has to be spelled with a "J" to distinguish it from GIF is evidence enough which one is really correct. Especially since there already is a .jif file format 😂
The former town Karis in Finland ("Karjaa" in Finnish) is equally controversial. It's split between a long A and a short A when talking about the Swedish name (which is Karis). The long A is what The Institute for the Languages of Finland recommends using while the short A is used in the local dialect of Karis. Interestingly, a majority prefers using the short A while I use the long A.
But why not pronounce scuba like scuba and laser like laser after this knowledge?
zhief
I once heard a guy pronounce it ZHAEIF.
Keeling Manors
Moore Kevin Thompson Sandra Lewis Melissa
77561 Waldo Brooks
Americans : Is it gueef or djeef ? Me as a french : Both are wrong. It's jif, not gueef and also not Djif, there is no D in jif. it"s not Django.
Never heard it pronounced jif till today
So i guess it would be Jrafichs Interchange Format. Cool.
Ron Fall
00606 Hackett Mission
I just love this in GENERAL
Woah, so THAT'S where Shadow and Sonic got their information.
Runte Streets
Don't care what anyone says. It will always be gif for me. 😏
It should be GIF with a hard G because the G stands for Graphics which is a hard G sound.
no no gif is jif and j is the y sound so yif
It definitely is not a landslide: landslides are made of earth and rock. 😂
😂 gif or jif it will still make you show up last...so let's call it a waste of time.😂
❌️ /gɪf/ ❌️ /dʒɪf/ ✔️ "Digital Motion Picture"
Its GIF.  Jiffers malding. Jiffers Seething.
gif vs. jif arguers when i say it with a long i sound
auto generated captions setlled this when he says jif they write jif and not gif so that means they dont accept that as pronouncation of gif
Only a git would pronounce it JIF; just nutter butter
For me, it’s like “gift” because… it’s like “gift.” English seems to agree that if you want a voiced velar plosive sound before the vowel and a labiodental fricative after, you use G (gift, give, goof, golf, gulf, grief, graph) and if you want an affricate in that situation, you use J (jiff, Jeff, jive, Jove).
it's literally gift, not jift, so hard g
My answer by the end of this was jif somehow and I don't like that...
As someone who's last name starts with Gi and is pronounced with a J, I call it Gif with a hard G.
I feel like all the acronyms listed to disapprove the acronym argument all have issues that make them irrelevant.   JPEG has the issue of being a mix between an initialism AND an acronym. The J is spoken but the “PEG” is pronounced. Dunno how that’s ever used as an argument, no one is arguing to call it “G-IF”.  Laser has a long vowel sound. It has a vowel-consonant-E spelling which means emphasis is given to the A and will require the L to be pronounced in a specific way to ensure emphasis can be given to the A.   Scuba… I- idk how he came to the pronunciation for scuba. Because he pronounced “laser” how it would be if the pronouncing of the original words was taken into account but the way he pronounced scuba is nothing like how the original words sound. I think what he meant was that’s how scuba would be pronounced if it was pronounced according to its SPELLING. That’s a fair point but a lot of English words for some reason aren’t pronounced how they’re spelt so I think scuba is just a complete outlier.  GIF can’t be compared to acronyms like Laser or JPEG because it doesn’t have the vowel-con-E spelling of laser that need to be emphasised or the wacky initialism-acronym combo of JPEG.  I feel like the most telling evidence of how the word should be pronounced is in the word “gift”. The closest possible word to “GIF”. It’s not a name (proper noun, whatever you wanna call it), doesn’t have any extra vowels, only has one extra consonant, spelt identically (excluding the T obviously).  But all of this doesn’t matter because language isn’t bound by strict rules like this. All that matters is that you can convey an idea to another person effectively and efficiently which is why both pronunciations are accepted (although one will make you look weird).
Aha sonic rip tom
The slogan was "Choosy developers choose GIF!" just like the Jif slogan, "Choosy moms choose Jif." It's _literally named after the peanut butter._ And if it's "giff" because of "graphics", then a JAG is a "jadge" because of "general". Any other pronunciation is wrong. A mistake. We have an official ruling, and the slack-jawed, mouth-breathing, knuckle-dragging hammerheads who got it wrong may be in the majority...but they're still _incorrect._
why are you going down a rabbit whole. The creator pronounces it JIF- end of story! Why is this so hard?
Similarly, in Germany there is a great debate about what article (der, die, das) to give to Nutella. It's obviously "die"
One is British pronunciation, other is American.
It’s gif not gif.
" I am joing to kill you " - Sonic jhett
I'll always take the side of the original creator on this. Imagine inventing something, and everyone tells you you're pronouncing it wrong, as if they're some sort of authority on it. Absolutely insane.
Just pronounce it "ji-ai-ef"
The actual creator of the GIF has said that it is pronounced "jif". He is the only person in the world who has any actual authority there, and nobody really has any right to argue against him. And yes, some English "gi" spellings ARE pronounced "ji", like "giraffe" and "gist".
I'd go with the guy who created it. Wouldn't be a debate without him 🤷🏻‍♂️
This is a testimony to how stupid our language is
solution: pronounce gif with a hard 'dutch' G. (Gif is already a word in dutch, it means poison/venom)
I feel like if you invent something you get to choose the name, even if people don't listen I feel like that should be the official way
gib is pronounced with a hard g
its not jraphics interchange format
If you pronounce it JIF, then you're fine. If you pronounce it /jif/, leave.
I’ve just resorted to pronouncing it /ɡʒɪf/ to see how many people I can annoy. Both sides have said I’m saying it the other “wrong” way
I'll keep saying hif
It's gift without the t
Gif starts with the letter G. How is THAT letter pronounced?  Exactly. Jee. Checkmate, hard G enthusiasts.
Jif makes no sense and is just wrong.
"Gif" is "gift" without the t so it's pronounced with a hard g like how "gift" is
It's pronounced hiff
I know im late, but I feel like, if brexit was considered decisive, then a 70/30 split *is* a landslide.
So the letter "J" doesn't exist 😢 poor letter J 😭
The letter G is pronounced like Jee not Gee so that’s how I came up with Jif
My brain decided it would be the letters G I F and nothing else.
*Just because you created something doesn't mean you know what the hell you're doing.* 😂
let's compromise and pronounce it /ɟɪf/
1:20 now i know from where that one guy in sonic animation got these ideas
The correct answer is to just ignore it, GIF is an obsolete format.
Gif has a soft g, like genius r giraffe.
Ultimately, what I think it comes down to is that there's no inherent reason it has to be either.  I think soft g has a slightly stronger claim to having a 'right' to be pronounced that way, hard g 'looks' slightly more like how a word would be pronounced, but ultimately, people will say the word how they feel like saying it.  Which is...  Listen.  Say it how you like, but by no means pretend that you have the inherently 'correct' choice.  You have *a* choice.  Nothing more, nothing less.
Just hope that the slide the creator put up wasn’t phonetic, or else GIF isn’t pronounced /gif/ or /dʒif/, it’s pronounced */jif/*
Gif is death sorry
Bro switched to Shadow's side 💀
Yup
nah
its gif.
Shadow was right
thank god they didn't listen to the creator, jif is flat out wrong wtf
You say gif, I say gif Gif, gif, gif, gif Let's call the whole thing off
Tom, it’s clearly Gif and not Gif
Its pronounced jee ai ef Because it's an acronym
It’s an acronym, so you have to pronounce it as individual letters
Parents get to name their children. Case closed.
I pronounce it jif because g-i in my language is read usually like so
….. All I got out of this is that the English language will forever be one of the most inconsistent languages.   There exists people that still don’t know when to use ‘Your’ or ‘You’re’ in a sentence. The same goes for people who can’t settle on how to say GIF.
I pronounce it with a J
Remember Steve Willheight also said Birthday Jift.
It's jif, like the peanut butter. You don't use the same logic for pronouncing the letter in a lot of other acronyms (JPEG isn't JFEG despite the P standing for photographic). Then there's other examples like laser, where you'd have to pronounce it Lah-zer, or scuba being pronounced scubbuh (the A in laser stands for amplification, and the u in scuba stands for underwater). Also, SIM cards, they'd have to be pronounced "Ss I'm" cards cuz the I stands for Identification
Inventor said it’s Jiff get wrecked
If even the creator of the dang technology and thus the word doesn’t have a say in how the word should be pronounced then nothing else matters honestly
It’s gIf. The G uses the “g” sound in the word, so it’s gIf.
GIFt so i say G. :p
"I promised Maria to get revenge"
Pronounce. It. The. Way. That. You. Want. No. Pronounciation. Is. Wrong.  This is my stance on this.
You are 100% wrong when you say the inventor of the word doesn't get to say how it's pronounced. Don't parents get the final say on how to pronounce the name of their child?
Now can you do the same video for JSON?
The true answer is to pronounce it the opposite way from the people around you in the moment just to make them angry
I say it like FBI, letters separately pronounced.
It's GIF not JIF like it's a "G" not a "J"
Yes it gif and not jif. Wanna know why?  GIF stands for  Graphic Interchange Format  Not jraphics interchange format.
Fun Fact: The word "if" in Old English was spelt "gif". although, it was neither Romance soft "dʒ" nor hard Germanic hard "g". It was instead soft Germanic "j", so it was pronounced (if spelt like Modern english) as "yiff".
It's the thing with Aluminum and Aluminium Both are correct, if you sincerely believe otherwise, you're just a bit of a prat
Language is what we, collectively, make of it.
The "g" stands for "graphics", not "jraphics".  Debate over.
Pray to your Jod for mercy
The g is pronounced like 'garage'
It’s GIF Graphics Interchange  Format Not Jraphics
I say /giff/ because /jiff/ means jiffy.
It’s not pronounced jif because I had to spell it that way for you not to assume I meant gif
GIF stands for: Graphics Interchange Format, and the word “Graphics” has a hard “G” sound. Therefore, it should be pronounced “Gif” not “Jif”
I'm not going to call it furry porn, but good vid.
It is JIF
Sorry, it's gif (not yiff). Sincerely: phonetically coherent languages
Yes, it is GIF not GIF
Do we have brains capable of differentiating this?
Gif is pronounced Jif like Scuba is pronounced Scooba and not Scuhba. Like Laser being pronounced as Lazer and not Laser
JIF
If descriptivism is the norm explain Leicester or Worcestershire.
Its crazy that the man who made the word, doesnt even know how to pronounce it correctly
It's wild.    The creator of the format says, it's "Jif".   People say, "Nah."  and everyone is cool with it.... Yet go around telling parents how to pronounce their own children's names and everyone loses their minds.
American. I went with calling it the more common way, GIF like Go because it was less confusing as at the time Jif Peanut Butter was EVERYWHERE. Say GIF as in Giraffe and everyone was like, why you talking about peanut butter? It was just an easy way to differentiate the two. I wonder if that played a roll for others too? Are there other words that gained how they were said based on other common things at the time?
I full on support JIF
its pronounced jit not git. I was kidding
JIF is a familiar brand of peanut butter (in the US) and JIFF is an actual familiar word, so upon seeing GIF it seems only natural to assume it is spelled that way to make sure you don't accidentally pronounce it like JIF or JIFF.
The most important purpose is to be understood. Pronouncing as in Gift maximises the chances of someone hearing GIF and never JIF. Patterns observed for other words or the inventors opinion should regarded as interesting but secondary to the purpose of language.
On the point of 2:40, I literally just pronounce it like gift bc it’s literally that minus the t. I just instinctually recognized that similarity and that was that
The creator told everyone off its a soft G pronounced "jif" end of story and told oxford its full of it and wrong.
Jif is also a popular brand of peanut butter. So I think there’s some subconscious priming there.
yes it is ˈɡræfɪks not ˈʤræfɪks
Who came from that sonic video
MY OLD TEACHER CALLED IT “JIFFY”
we all agree that it ends in if right?
Just so long as no-one starts saying ‘jigabyte’
It's pronounced "Gif" not "Gif".
It's pronounced "gif", niether "gif" nor "gif".
William the Conqueror's invasion of England led to this very debate.
gif is pronounced gif
Похуй, говорю "гиф" и нормально живу
i use both pronunciations.
Its like ishowspeed calling virat kohli "vyraat kohli" and saying its correct
Jif the peanut butter, is pronounced JIF but gif is called JIF?? That doesn’t makes sense, so therefore it has to be Gif.
can you believe that when I read the title of the video I was like "ooh, he's saying it's pronounced GIF right in the title, just like that?"  there's no hope for my brain
Jiff peanut butter.
I mean, it's obviously pronounced "gif" and not "gif" like wth are you people smoking
I literally just say the letters as they are: "G" "I" "F", that's how I say it.
I still stand by my decision to pronounce anime a-nime and not an-i-me.
To the creator of the word...thanks for the word we'll take it from here
It is an acronym and can only be properly pronounced by saying the letters G-I-F.
me who says "G" "I" "F" 💀
It’s pronounced "JIF" Internet: We don't give a "FOCK"
Graphics Interchange Format. do you say it "Jraphics interchange format"? No. So it's GIF with a hard G
Ancient Egyptians say it’s pronounced Yiff
Greg
There should be a sign outside both of the Gillinghams that says "Pronounced like GIF"
Its pronounced "jeff"
It’s pronounced gif, .gif, like the peanut butter, the creator said so
its gif (hard G) graphics interchange format its not jraphics   source: danno draws video
It's pronounced Greg
1:14. You're welcome, that's when he pronounces GIF. (hard g).
GIF rhymes with "life". "Jyfe".
Jif is better, just better to pronounce.
Nah, it’s actually supposed to be pronounced “zif” Learn how to pronounce :/
Or IF
It’s v-eye-ta-min not vit-ia-min
I WILL attack jif sayers
It’s JIF like the peanut butter.
meanwhile in the near future seggs is used to describe the act, while sex is relegate to specific biological term.
its JIF
Here, I'm settle it. It's pronounced GIF.
It's pronounced "However the hell I want it to be pronounced"
Its G I F and J P E G just like P N G case closed
What if the g is silent though
It is gif as in gift
I pronounce it iahsdhasd if
gif might be more common but jif is the right awnser
Ill be speaking however i want and everyone speaks not gonna speak may i get some wotah
This is like the Are-See-us vs Ar-Kay-us debate in pokemon (in regards to Arceus)
actually its pronounced gif
I've always pronounced it as if I was spelling it out
You pronounce it like the g in gigantic
0:30 it just so happens that i am more inclined to pronounce ‘j’ as /j/ it also just so happens that i do, in fact, pronounce it as /jɪf/
I don't really care what it's pronounced I'm pronouncing it gif so people don't think I'm talking about peanut butter
I just say G.I.F
Jif is a peanut butter gif is the moving image
It has to be gif, only barbarians call it gif
I alternate between a “J” sound and a hard “G.”
i switch regularly to annoy everyone
It's actually Gif.
I see your arguments, its still pronounced as "gif" with a hard G, not "jif".
But I pronounced it as G I F
No Gif, no Dyif, Jif.
Never let them know you next move  Zif  I call it the french tactic cause its not pronounced how its spelled
GRAPHICS. INTERCHANGED. FORMAT. NOT JRAPHICS
When you literally have to spell the word incorrectly when typing out it's pronunciation, when spelling it correctly also produces an appropriate pronunciation; I know which one I'm going for.
So. Do you pronounce it GIF or GIF?
Well, ain't it supposed to be pronounced like /dзiaief/?
its pronounced /xɪf/
It should be gif
it really Really REALLY bugs me when Tom "aren't i nice" Scott claims to be a descriptivist!  he is absolutely a prescriptivist.  he claims to just describe language but he 100% likes to tell us HOW it should be used and that we're doing it wrong in some respects, and if he's doing that (which he absolutely is) then he's a prescriptivist, sorry Tom but its a fact.
Should I start saying "juy" instead of "guy"?
I think it’s gif
I SAW THIS TITLE AND SAID OUT LOUD THAT IM STILL GONNA PRONOUNCE IT JIF, IVE ALWAYS PRONOUNCED IT JIF
Jiff.
You should pronounce it give .
It’s pronounced guice, not juice.
You are a Beta Male Sonic
Graphics interchange format. NOT JRAPHICS
jif is peanut butter
I say gif with a hard G because it’s graphic interchange format not jraphic
1. Giff (popular) 2. Jiff (creator's) 3. Yiff (historical) 4. G I F (spell it out) 5. Heef (spanish)
"jraffics" 🤣🤣🤣
Giraffe
Jiff is a seperate format, so its gif. Wont argue.
I was right guys it's pronounced gif. My dumbass friends said that it was gif
Idc
Get ready for "Why-fee" for Wi-fi instead of "Why-Fie" and "Wee-Fee" 😈😈
*it’s pronounced jee i eff*
Jif is a peanut butter
It's GIF. Graphic Interchange Format. Not Jrapghic
The question is: What do they define as a language?  A verbal language which is spoken by at least two humans across time and space distinct enough from another language... that is my best assumption.  Cuz language is just an index of information put into an understandable standard.. right?  Street signs would be a language in my opinion.
It's pronounced gioff
Yiff, take it or leave it.
GIF is a File type. So is JIF. You cant call GIF "JIF" because there is already a File type which is pronouced like that
Its pronounced Gif. Like the peanut butter. Well that makes no sense, it stands for Graphics Interchange Format. The P in JPEG stands for Photographic, but I bet you dont say J-Pheg.
i just pronounce it G.I.F
I already read the title as jif and came pissed off
It's jif because giraffe is pronounced jiraffe and not giraffe
I was late, but I have a very, _very_ compelling argument that would defeat the creator.  .jif is an existing extension (that is largely replaced with .jpeg in practice).
As a great hedgehog once said “The P in jpeg stand for photographic but i bet you dont say jpheg”
It's actually pronounced "yiff"
G-I-F, not gif, not jif, just G-I-F.
.jif like the peanut butter. The creator said so
“You’re a beta-male, Sonic”
Thing is, that’s not how the English language treats acronyms. For your logic to be correct you would have to say Las uhr or scuhbah
It literally stands for "Graphics Interchange Format" do you say "Jraphics Interchange Format"? I rest my case
its Gif because it stands for Graphics Interchange Format. not Jraphics, GRAPHICS so its Gif
its graphics not jraphics
No it's not
People that say Jif going to heaven and calling god "Jod" immediately getting sent to hell
All non-native English speakers who pronounced it by their language's phonetics: 🫣🫣🫣🫣🫣🫣🫣🫣
omg i already listened to lingthusiasm but i didnt know it was your co-author
If you were using PCs in the mid 1980s like me, there was no debate.  They were "jif" files.  It wasn't until the modern internet and memeing in the 2000s that a broad swathe of the population suddenly heard of this file format, and began mispronouncing it.  And now the wrong pronunciation has become the most popular.
I pronounce it as gift without the t.
I saw the word before I even know how english pronounciation worked and in my language, you can not read it differently than gif (not jif), and as you said, since then, I have the word locked that way.
Its pronounced like the G in Gigantic
I say like this: G I F Pronouncing them appart
But in other languages G is never J so its gif not jif.
Jif
so its gif
I say G I F
gif stands for graphics interchange format not jraphics interchange format
I always knew "Jif" was a brand of peanut butter and am allergic to peanuts, so I always pronounced the filename "gif."
It’s pronounced jif
It's pronounced gif because gift is pronounced gifft so if we just remove the t it is gonna be gif, and i is not capable of making the g pronounced like j, for example "give, girls, gifts, given, giving, etc..." but if the a was with the i then the g will be pronounced like jay "giant,etc..."
I avoid this whole problem by always spelling it and pronouncing it G-I-F.
jif is yiff for me and gif is a gif
IT'S G.I.F NOT GIF OR JIF
Jif makes sense because it’s short for “Jiffy”, which suits the short and sweet nature of a GIF. Personally, I like the pronunciation Gif, but Jif is correct
It's pronounced Linux.  Edit: the creator pronounces it Leenux.
Me who pronounces it as G. I. F:
yall really crying over gif vs jif while the true king that is yiff is watching
If GIF pronounced "jiff" is wrong, I don't wanna be right...
I pronounced Gif as jif
it’s pronounced gif like the g in garage
ITS PRONPUNCED GIF
Hard G is moving picture. Soft G (or J, to those with brains) is peanut butter.
G.I.F.  I thought for every acronym you just say the letters
I say gif instead of gif
it's gif with hard g because it's acronim from Graphics Interchange Format.
Sprich
Me who says G  I  F seperately
Personally, I randomly alternate between the two pronunciations
I transitioned from Jif to Gif in my teens. For no reason other than I heard others say that and it rolled outta my mouth easier.
It should be “gif” because “jif” = peanut butter
The g is pronounced how the ch in loch is produced with a Scottish accent
Weirdly I say it with a K
i agree that it is gif but i cant say gif without my swedish accent so i sometimes say jif
Am I the only one who read the title and thought "man this guy agrees with me lets goooo"
It’s pronounced like the g in garage
The correct way to solve this problem is to throw all sense out of the window and pronounce it Žif (Zhif)
Bro why do people say jif? 💀
d3if
How about pronouncung "gif" as "chief"?
I read it as gift
In addition, Tom Scott, it is pro-NUN-ciation, not pro-NOUN-ciation. 🧐
It is just GIF with a hard G. End of discussion.
I pronounce it GIF with a “guh” sound at the beginning, so the person I’m talking to doesn’t think I’m talking about a brand of peanut butter.
Gif is pronounced “JIF”
People who pronounce GIF as “jif” getting sent straight to hell after calling god “jod”.
It'll be a cold day in hell before you catch me saying "jiff" like some kind of chump.
how do you pronounce Jiff then? and dont say yiff as that is alredy used somewhere else ..
I say we stop this whole argument and just say gif as G-I-F🫤
I love how the creator of the GIF will be screeching and screeching all the way to his grave. Lmao he is so pissed. And he never explained why he pronounced it wrong, he just does
GIF and not JIF for sure for other languages. Since the acronym in this case is its own word and internationally used by computers, JIF is not absolutely wrong but it kinda is...
Everyone is wrong, it’s an acrony, it’s G.I.F!!!!!
There no way the maker of this can go down the store aisle with peanut butter and see Jif peanut butter and think that the word would still sound the same with a g instead of a j, Jif is reserved for peanut butter and gif is for internet stuff
It’s pronounced G.I.F .
me whos been calling it g i f  :
Peeople keep saying it's GIF because it's "graphics". But how about JPEG? Do you pronounce it jpeg? No. You say Jay-peg. Spelling out the J. So what's the matter with spelling out the G?
as a non nerd freak I've always called it g...i...f... in order to deflect nerd negs
It's pronounced "GIF" because the G stands for Graphics, not Giraffics
awesome so its gif not gif
I for some reason have this mandela effect that the creator of "gif" wanted it pronounced like "gif". Idk i probably got confused watching this vid 2 years ago
Guys I'm pronouncing it "jee-i-eff" from now on
yif
When I read the title in my head, the "GIF" was pronounced with a soft G, probably because it is more phonetically standard in the English language for the "G" to be an affricate before high, front vowels.
People at the gates of heaven going to hell after calling god „Jod“:
30% of people going to heavens gate and calling God "Jod"
It's GEE EYE EFF. It's an abbreviation
I wonder how many people, in Spanish speaking countries, say /xif/.
me who says gee i eff
It's pronned "GeeAiEff
I guess I'm the only who pronounce it as G. I. F.
So what I took from this video is that laser is an acronym
hold on, i'll be there in a giffy
No way you call it gif instead of gif
gif
hard g or don't talk to me.
For me it was gif with a hard g immediately, since in German, which is my native language in most cases this would be pronounced with a hard g as well
As someone who calls it 'G' 'I' 'F ' I call this an absolute win
I pronounced it gift
i say "jee eye eff"
"IT'S PRONOUNCED "JIF" NOT "GIF" - Steve Wilhite, inventor of the Graphics Interchange Format, after receiving a Webby Lifetime Achievement Award  "The Oxford English Dictionary accepts both pronunciations [hard G and soft G]. They are wrong. It is a soft g ... End of story." - Wilhite, to the New York Times
But the main reason it's gif not jif is because choosy moms have already chosen Jiff as the word for peanut butter
So.... Is it gift or deaf?
“It’s pronounced Jif, not Gif.” 😂😂🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
ITS JIF BITCHES 😤😤
Stuff hasn't changed in the last two years, so i just pronounce it gheef to annoy everyone
"Yif" because of that greek food that's Gyro and it's a 'Y' sound
I've always pronounced as JIF or YIF
It's simple just pronounce individual letters
One more for the hard “G” side        Giggity
I assumed it was jif back in the day, until I heard everyone else calling it gif.
"YOU IDIOTS IT'S AN ACRONYM YOU DON'T PRONOUNCE IT-"
Gif is pronounced like the g in gigantic
It’s named after Jiff Peanut Butter I believe. - so, there’s that.
i use both. just how im feeling but it should technically be G as in Gift because its an acronym right? like its not a word its the starting letter of words  so GIF would make more sense? cause we aint talking about JIF Jraphics Interchange Format
bro i've been pronouncing it 'jif' since the moment i discovered it and i don't think i'll be changing that anytime soon 💀
If that dude wanted it to be pronounced as "jif" maybe he should have spelt it that way. Accept that language changes and evolves to adapt to what people actually say.
Me being progressive: I thought it was an abbreviation not an acronym
What about chinese car FAW?
i on the other hand say G I F separately
The creator of the gif is wrong.
It’s not jraphics interchange format it’s graphics interchange format
It's gif with a G because it stands for graphics
You know the arguement boutta go down when Tom Scott even talking about it
if gif is pronounced JIF then gift would be JIFT right?
Mess With Skippy And Your Head Gets The Rippy 🤡
The inventor should have spelled it .jif not whine about it now
Simple solution: BOTH ARE RIGHT!!
It’s funny how we all as a collective community pronounce it as Gif. Even in movies and Tv shows people say gif. I have never not had heard someone say hey that’s a funny jif . Hell even auto correct corrects it to Gif I had to change it back to Jif just to fix it.
I, too, pronounce it d3if
jraphics interchange format
most common world similar to gif is a word gift... I am non native English speaking so if makes 0 sense to use JIF pronouncing if it's written GIF... If you write it JIF I pronounce it JIF... The inventor of the GIF word should just go to elementary school... and people who still think that's an argument are funny... I bet they know only 1 language...
I’m still staying jif
Moms like you choose Jif
i mean you shouldnt have to spell if differently to show how its pronounced
WTF? It's „GIF“, period! I won’t even!
OkthenIwillpronounceitlikeasniff
Gift Remove the T Gif  Jiffy  remove the fy Jif  Difference remove the ference Dif  combind GJD together looks like a B! Bif  Bif is the way
Ok, I invent the acronym SAF. It's pronnounced "Svaleghautrzapeh"
If most people say Gif, and theres no logical or practical reason to attribute the J sound to it, then its Gif.
I just pronounce it as "Jee-Eye-Eff"
I am from country where all G are on the left side. The hard G.  So here it is always left version of Gif...
I pronounce it "jgif" to make everyone happy and mad at the same time.
Just jive in. It’s pronounced gif.
Historically it’s yiff so you’re wrong either way lmao
To pronounce it, spell it. That’s what I saw in a documentary about someone being able to pronounce anything.
I would argue that since many other languages pronounce it "GIF", just go with it and accept the majority.
For me it's gif with the "hard" g because I'm Polish, and in the Polish language "g" is _never_ pronounced in any other way, as for us the "soft g" is a completely different character written as "dż". So it'll never be "dżif" for someone who's Polish 😂
Гиф а не джиф
I got so tired of this debate that I pronounce it like an acronym g.i.f.
In a alternate universe it's spelled jif and pronounced gif
I say G I F
Me falling to the deepest pit of hell after calling God "Jod"
I would say gif as in gift is the more common pronunciation because the word gift exists, which has gif in it, therefore gif will be pronounced gif.
what if i pronounce it as jee eye eff
I'm convinced that people that pronounce it with a hard G are just salty they were told they were wrong not just by the creator but by the general rules and examples of 99% of the language. Even this video gives that to those who pronounce it as "Jif" and says that the others just say it differently
BOTH ARE WRONG ITS G.I.F (JE-I-EF)
Gift without the "T"
Just say Cif
I pronounce it GIF, perhaps to a significant extent because there's no such confusion in my native language and there the pronunciation is much closer to GIF than JIF.
Someone who speaks Spanish, probably: "heef."
so, now we need to spell "Jerry" as "Gerry", "jelly" as "gelly", "java" as "gava"
It's gif and all of its letter are not read like they are in the alphabet unlike jif which only g is read like it's in the alphabet therefore all of of its letters from gij should be pronounced like its in the alphabet just like j pronounced words such as gel gi-ee-el so it should be g as in good i as in gill and f as is puff
It's jee i ef
People who say G.I.F:
the g in gif is pronounced the same as the g in gigantic
it's gif not jif
Guys.. Its pronouced "Gif", not "Gif"
GIF not JIF, just coz it's transcribed into my native language like that
If you wanted it to be said like "jif," then you should have spelled it that way.
TEAM JIF
It stands for Graphics, not Jraphics
Hilarious that the slide stating as such implies that a normal reader wouldnt nominally read the creators interpretation. Was that slide ironic or serious?
Neither, It's G I F
Descriptivism is dogshit.
I dont even care about the debate anymore, im just surprised that laser is an acronym
I would pronounce it with a g not a j because gift is pronounced with a g.
Tbh i just pronounce it as G.I.F
GIF is pronounce Gif, not Jif. Why? Because the word Jif is copyrighted. How? A random ass peanut butter company. Not even joking. JIF, no matter how its spelt, is copyrighted. So get rekt, lads. I just solved this debate.
"omg polish is so hard" at least we pronounce everything the way its written!!!
i pronounce it G I F seperately 🥰
No, you're wrong It's pronounced with the g like in gigantic
I just say “gee” “eye” “eff”
Guys its pronounced GIF not GIF
I'm just reading those two notes as "give a .." and "don't give a .." I'll go now
"You're pronouncing it wrong it's pronounced Greg"
I say it g-i-f
to sie mówi gif
나만 저거 G.I.F.로 읽었냐...ㅋㅋㅋ
I think it's g-i-f, like png
If people call it jif, they are talking about peanut butter.
It's about knowledge, those who know that GIF stands for "graphics interchange format" will use [gif] (same [g] as in graphics), those who don't know will use [d3] (in English as in many European languages, [g], [c] before [e], [i], [y] usually changes its pronunciation).
One small issue, he said *gif* is pronounced like jif, not *gif* while *gif* itself is used to emphasyse the hard g.  The file type is gif, not jif. The creator disproves his own theory.
It's clearly pronounced gif
Well I just went gift gif-t gif
/gʒɪf/
Why are people still debating about this? It's obviously pronounced Graphical Interchange Format, but Girrafical Interchange Format and JIF are good.
Literally 1984
why does noone pronounce it "G.I.F"????
I just call it G.I.F
It's pronounced "jiff" because its inventor says so, just like element 13 is spelled "aluminum" because its discoverer said so.
I know that the hard G is right, but the soft J is what I like so I use it
I pronounce it "G.I.F."
GIF is nicer to pronounce
I pronounce it “hiff” for the chaos
Me who says G I F : 🍷🗿
This should be easy.  I still say enless you say jraphical then it's Gif
it's pronounced Jretchen
I know this because I'm romanian and this is a type of combination of the letters (ge gi ghe ghi ce ci che chi)
"jod"
1:27 omg thanks for acknowledging that. So many idiots use the "jraphics" argument
Y'all all wrong, it's Jeff
why not juts say the entire thing and not have any debate? "Graphics Interchange Format" no need for gifs or jifs (or even yiffs whatever those are)
It's pronounced jif like the peanut butter. The creator said so
Gillingham Represent 💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾
I pronounce it as jif
POV: YOU GOT 2 ADS
Umm actually its G.I.F. because its stands for Graphics Interchange Format 🤓🤓🤓🤓
But I hate it when people pronounce "Gif" like the peanut putter brand.
i originally saw it as gif but i now pronounce it as gif
It’s gif like gift
you cannot just spell it mojang and pronounce it moyang, seriously if its pronounced moyang spell it like moyang and dont confuse people and spell it mojang i do believe it is pronounced mojang no matter what people think
its pronounced mojang not moyang if its pronounced like moyang just spell it like moyang instead of mojang
At this point just say G-I-F letter by letter. Like the IRS or the FBI or ARG or BRB and whatnot.
I just call it gi-jif
gee-eye-eff
me who names it as "ju'gong'xia'/"ya'gong'xia'xia" for its resemblance to latin letters:
here me out... yif
Clearly it’s gif
if u have to spell it different to show how its pronounced thats not right
YOU IDIOTS ITS A ACRONYM ITS GEE-EYE-EFF ITS AN ACRONYM
i call it jee-aaee-eff, solved
And here I am pronouncing it by its words like it's an acryonm.. "G-I-F" yep...
bad news: it's pronounced "yiff"
Just call it “ ‘if ”
its pronounced geff not jeff its geff
Fun fact: I actually say neither of these, I actually say the letters.
I pronounce it like jee ay ef. Is that normal?
God sending Jif sayers to hell for calling him Jod
I just say  'G' 'I' 'F'
I pronounce it as G I F
Clumpet or smthing mofo
jiff is goofy af
It's gee-i-f
its pronounced (GEE eye ef)
Jif
Jaiff
Me who say G.I.F. : o-0
There wouldn't be this problem if English would be phonetic.
The G in the pronunciation alphabet is G. When it's translated to a language like Bulgarian, most of the time the letter G pronounced as J turns into G.  It's obviously gif, not jif.
its a acronym its called g,i,f
its “jif” idk
It’s jif bc the soft g is used when followed up with an “i”
This gave me cancer
That means shadow the hedgehog was based.
I personally dislike the soft g, just use a J
I'm still gonna pronounce it with a hard G since GIF stands for Graphics Interchange Format.
In spanish and portuguese it has to be pronounced jif because for it to be pronounced gif it must be written like this: guif  But I do agree for it to be pronounced gif because there's no reason for it to be pronounced jif if it's written like gif And my parents are actually from portugal but they call it gif and I call it gif because I lived most of my life in germany and in german almost all the words with a g are pronounced like gif.
The title is like jajsugsygstfstfstvag is pronounced like jajsugsygstfstfstvag
a smart thing to do would have been NOT to choose one with ambiguity.
In German we only have one pronounciation.
bro i just say the letters because i thought it was an acronym
If someone claims something nobody did before and uses “scientific definition” while explaining it it’s always wrong like the fruit and vegetables thing and also the continents(continents don’t have a correct definition)
there is 0.00000001% of people who pronounce it as beef and that is ME
I prefer the Spanish pronunciation: "hif"
1:42 gem
Good James got given a jab in the gob.  End.
The creator always lose
How can an AMERICAN argue anything about the English language ? They speak American. not English. They pronounce everything wrong ! besides, JIF is a peanut Butter brand and a bathroom cleaner product 🤣
Ok, Italians pronunce Jif and americans and bri'ish pronunce gif. Italian People are used to a soft G.
Yif
i say gif cause its spelled like in my language (you spell nearly every letter the same as you say it alone)
Me who says G I F 💀💀💀
Jif
Obviously it's pronounced "GIF".
This problem exists just because english is a very inconsistent langage on it's rules in general, it's a quite chaotic and confusing language. Spanish is my mother tongue and I asure you, that problem would never happen, just by looking at how a word is spelled you immidiately know how to pronounce it, no doubts. (sorry if I misspell anything, as I said english is not my main language).
0:00
I say jif because I think it's more fun to say
2:40 Gib? Or jib?
It's G-I-F. Not Gif, or Jif, It's G-I-F
Just say the letters individually, g-i-f, that way everyone is happy. (gif is obviously the correct pronunciation tho)
Gift
or maybe english is just a really stupid written language.
Why isn't "phonetically" spelled phonetically? 🤔
What about “.wav”? My students drive me crazy when the say “wav” like “have” even though it derives from the word “wave”.
my argument is simple. there's already a .jif file format. let that one be jif and let .gif be gif
Add a t to the end of it and tell me it's still pronounced jif
Just think of this: gif pronounced jif, not gif. He using exactly the same word to explain, how you pronouncing it. Isn't it the best way to prove it's gif, not jif
I pronounce it G.I.F, am I weird?? Or am I non-existent?
It is obviously the same consonant sound that is in "Graphics Interchange Format". The person who created it obviously has his talents but pronouncing things is not one of his talents.
*Never let them know your next move* : pronounce it as g i f
Don't you love when you just try to Google something simple to settle a debate and you end up falling down a rabbit hole?
"The correct answer is, of course, My co-author Gretchen McCulloch has a great podcast called Lingthusiasm that covers all sorts of things like this-"
Honestly, my take-away from this video is that "LASER" is an acronym. You learn something new everyday!
i just spell it out when i say it. like pdf--, g.i.f. not gif, not jif and not yif.  just g. i. f.
You don’t say jraphics you say graphics lmao, The meaning of the word begins with graphics
so like i pronounce regime as re-gi-mey..... when i was young i said ickickle. and camel.... cuh-mel...... i say jif. i say free-ed. i say va-gi-nah. gi not ji. and last but not least.... pah-tah-toes. and also tah-mah-toes. its not a regional thing or accent... thats just how i say it
Never trust somebody who pronounces it as, "jif."
I know he's saying it should be GIF, but I prefer to say GIF.
The Word "Gift" is nearly identical just with a T
I... idk... I have used both 😅, idk why, idk how but I did.
It's very dissapointing that the creator also called it jif. 🙁
Here’s my argument, it’s pronounced gif, jif is peanut butter.
do religious people believe in Jod?
Being incorrect does seem most common these days.
I converted from hard to soft g once the inventor spoke.  Do I like it?  No.
big reason is that other languages doesn't have 2 pronounciations of the sound og GI, it is always hard G and almost all other languages uses G instead of J.
whats the.. dif?
The easy reason that it's gif and not jif is because only choosy moms choose jif.
For me it's a GIF (with hard G), because in my language JIF would look like DŽIF and GIF is the GIF.
you mean in general
I knew I was right all along!
Everyone: It's GIF Other people: IT'S JIF Me:  you idiots, it's an acronym. *it's a G.I.F.*
GIF is one letter short from gift, I think that settles it
not like the peanutbutter. FOREVER
English isn’t my native language. And when I see the word when typed in English I read “Jif” but when I say it typed in English but in a sentence in my native language, I’ll sen”Gif”. And that’s how I pronounce it when speaking too. When speaking English I’ll say Jif and in my native language Gif
I'm French, nobody pronounces it either "gif" or "jif". Everybody pronounces it "jif" only without the "d" you say at the beginning of it
Can it be pronounce gaif
Me not knowing it was pronounced either gif or jif. I pronounced it letter by letter G I F th
I always read it as “jif” (since elementary school) I didn’t hear “gif” until college from anyone. I think only like 4 people I know say “gif” Anomaly, perhaps?
GIFfers: "it's pronounced gif"  JIFfers: "no it's pronounced jif"  me, an intellectual: "Ji-ayef"
What's really going to bake your noodles is, as a multi-lingual speaker I pronounce this as jiff in one language, when I speak Swedish, but I pronounce it giff when I speak English.  \o/
it's obviously pronounced with a Y sound.
Then there's my teacher who pronounce it gift
I call it gif not jif because it's easier to say
I definitely saw it written before said. I don't know for sure why my brain applied the hard G sound but my guess would be because of the sound "gift" makes. Removing only one letter, to me, makes them in terms of pronunciation the same word.
"/gɪf/, or /ʤɪf/ if you wanna pronounce it the official way that's blatantly wrong" - Tom Scott
IF THE CREATOR SAYS ITS JIF AND NOT GIF, ITS JIF YOU IDIOTS
geave
THOSE ARE SHADOW THE HEDGEHOG'S EXAMPLES TOO OMGGG
my brain never locked it in i still dont know how i pronounce it
Gif is pronounced like Heef
it's gif, not jif.  this guy gives off the vibe of someone who says "jif" though.
In my language, we rather say “gif” with hard g or “gifka” (also with hard g) in slang
This is an issue only in English. The rest of the world, which actually knows how to read by the way, correctly pronounces  GIF.
it's a victory for the yiffers      god I hate my life
This is what happens when a language doesn't have an official regulator. We're arguing over the correct pronounciation of "GIF" 🤦🤡
It'll be nice when linguists finally stop wrongfully dry humping descriptivism to death. The only reason you're able to make any sense of new utterances is because of preexisting, _prescriptive_ aspects of language that alone are responsible for communication taking place rather than something being little more than an exchange of drawings, noises, and facial/body movements. Not only that, once a new anything is incorporated into a language, it inherently becomes prescriptive. Or by all means, be bitches because crazy, right?
Things are pronounced differently depending on where you go too. For example: Hello is pronounced “hola” in some places
According to Google,it is pronounce jif not GIF
/kəv/, because every vowel letter can make the schwa sound and hard g is just voiced k, and f is just voiceless v
I pronounce it Gif ... just like the creator needed to, to prove it wasn't
yiff
The creator of the format told the world it's pronounced JIF so end of discussion. the ones that say GIF are wrong.
@1:21: Fotografy, so jfeg shouldn’t even be speld jpeg aniway. (I am a fan of the old Simplified Spelling Board)
So how do you read .jif then?
it is confusing with "gift" if pronounce with a hard G
what gif the G is silent
The correct pronunciation is *crashing sound
I still pronounce it as Jif like in Giraffe, not cause the creator said so (although he is right to say that pronunciation since it is a logical placement of letters) but it just feels natural to me.
'Gifted' has got to be one most ridiculous words ever
im going with fig.
Why did you do that at the end?
Language ambiguity... I appreciate Mark Twain's analysis and satire in this manner. We are far too easily impressed by silly complexity if we feel superior.
So is it Nye-kee or Nike for the sportswear brand?
Its pronounced Jif
Idgaf unless he starts saying Jraphic Interface
i just say its gif because its easier to pronounce
Everyone who pronounces gif with a hard G is wrong.  Period.
"The actual inventor of the GIF" says jif. Well.. that's the final word then. Anyone not agreeing to the creator of GIF are, by fact, wrong. Thanks for finally ending this once and forever.
I'm here because of the shadow/ sonic debate that is clearly citing this video
sorry but it's gonna be alsways gif for me.
I pronounce it “zhif”.The “zh” sort of being a mix between a “shuh” and a “juh”.
It's pronounced with a hard G Not for any reason like "That's the more used one" or "It's pronounced grafiks not jrafiks", but because if pronunciation was consistent to that, I could say "Giraffe" with a hard G, and it would be funny.
At least it's not pronounced YIFF.
I pronounce the hard "G", 'cause that was just the reflex pronunciation.  It is rather funny, though, that we argue the point that we don't pronounce "graphic" as jraphic, and yet Giraffe…
You would Write Gif in my language and pronounce it so. "G" is always a hard G. A soft G is written as "ch". Also, we have a literal word gif and it's not pronounced Jiff. Gif means poison.
I love how he pronounces gif with 43 syllables at the end (I counted)
ZHYFE FOR LIFE
For me there's been many words that I have read long before I heard them, and got completely wrong, like awry (thought it was pronounced aw-ree), and my girlfriend, who is also not a native English speaker, used to pronounce awesome as a-wee-some :D
I wonder if one of the reasons why "gif" is more prevalent is because of the American peanut butter brand Jif.
dʒɪf
wowm you made money off of this? the creator of the GIF said it's pronounced "JIF", back in 2013. Why is this even a debate still?
It's actually gyf, not gif.
“I promised Maria to get revenge”
Actually, it's pronounced "pointless"
JIF's exist.  Jpeg Interchange Format  That's pronounced JIF. JIF is already taken. GIF is pronounced GIF
Uh
We actually argued about this in school about a week ago. I still stand by gif like giraffe, I'm sorry, friends
It isn't jraphics interchange format tho
Its gif not jif i dont care what the creator says it is most people call it gif so thats what im saying it is.  i mean for crist sake look at monopoly dose anyone play by the exact rules that the game comes with? im sure everyone has atleast 1 thing they do thats not part of the offical rules such as everything being collected on free parking or you cant collect rent when in jail. fact is its down to what most people agree is right and not what 1 person regardless of if they created the thing or not has to say about it.
70% of people: GIF 29.9% of people: JIF 00.1% of people (me): it’s pronounce Gee-Eye-Eff (G.I.F)
Why is “gee eye eff” not an option?? Thats how ive always said it G-I-F
ITS GIF NOT JIF
I would accept either pronunciation. It is going to be trivial.
My who used to say g-i-f commenting on this video bc why not
I call it as JIF
Jif is peanut butter Gif is like a gift
thank you tom scott
Ask Linus Torvalds how Linux is pronounced. No one pronounces it that way.
Jif is not gif.
Jif is a peanut butter, end of story
Every time I have an argument with someone about this I always use 'gift' as an example. It literally has the word gif in it...
gee eye eff
The creator of gif has a skill issue and doesnt know anything about gifs
GEE EYE EFF. OR JIF/GIF IF UR TIRED
i personally don’t like that there is a valid argumentation for that stupid „jif“ pronunciation
Beware of geeks bearing gifs. :)
Fun fact, here in Russian we like to add our own ending to words so it's "gifka" (and it's g not j)
Me who used to call it G  -  I  -  F
Me when I see the ritle: "Bruh I always thought it was gif, but now I know it's gif"
Me: gee-eye-eff 😏
Watching this right after watching jehtt's gif sonic video
It's GIF not JIF
I'm the owner of Gifs,and I'm here to tell you: it's pronounced /dʒɪf/ not /gɪf/.
jeff
I vote for it to be pronounced yiff no, i'm not a furry, why do you ask?
I bet in Germany they use the hard g because, if I remember correctly, they don’t have a soft g (j) sound in German.
I’m arguing for the hard g. In “Graphics Interchange Format,” Graphics is pronounced with a hard g.
ITS G.I.F  ITS AN ACRONYM
GIF is a format. JIF is a peanut butter.
Jif it is, then.
By the way, I hear many East Asians pronounce Azure as aSSu-ah, and some Google as go-go, or Apple as app-po.
I used to pronounce G.I.F., and then G-if. Just hear how you pronounce the letter G per se, followed by an "if". Similarly, "eyes" should be E-yes, E followed by a "yes!"
TIL that 30% of humans are wrong about the pronunciation of GIF
what its not said like gel
In french G before an e or an i is pronounced J simple
People too lazy they would rather argue about this instead of just saying G-I-F
Correct answer:  Either of the pronunciations or G-I-F
When it was just computer nerds who cared, and knowing file types wasn't at all common for the rest of the population, we all pronounced it "jif". And it is important to remind everyone that the inventer of the gif file format clears up the confusion.
"and the same way laser isn't pronounced lass-uhr"   Spanish speakers: I'm 4 parallel pronunciations ahead of you
It's actually pronounced "webm". Seriously who still uses gif ?
Doesn't matter what the creator says, if the masses say otherwise, that's how it's pronounced, and since it stands for graphic interchange format, gif utilizes the hard g.
To annoy people, I say kheef
I am from Croatia and on my recent travels I met two Canadians who surprised me by pronouncing GIF as JIF....I was so confused.  Everyone I knew said "gif".
When I saw this word. GIF  G+I+F+T makes  gift  So G+I+F makes gif not jif
People who pronounce "JIF" will be sent to hell when they look up at God on the Day of Judgment and called him "Jod"
Inventor doesn't decide how to pronounce words..... it is HARD G YOU FOOL
Isn't it too much mental gymnastics to even discuss this when the word "gift" already sets all the possible precedents for GIF by containing it? Any examples of a word that is contained within another and is pronounced completely differently?
ITS PRONONUCNED JIFFFFF
So wait, gif is not pronounced gif?
You can pronounce it in either way and people still understand what you are referring to immediately
It's actually G I F
GIF stands for Graphics Interchange Format, and ''Graphics'' has a hard /ɡ/ so it is /ɡɪf/.
How many words with gif in them pronounce the g as j ?  none?
In response to Wilhite: "I recognize the council has made a decision. But given that's its a stupid-ass decision, I have elected to ignore it."
I just say G, I, F
Fortunately we don't have that problem in Poland we never read "g" as in "jif". We always read g as in gif.
It's hard "G" since "Graphics" isn't pronounced "jraphics".
Only proof I need, I get people gifts for their birthdays and Christmas, not jifts
Hard G
I am not a native English speaker… I think it is a similar situation than SciFi, HiFi etc.  It is a short form of more words; I rather pronounce the letters as they are in the original words, so:  gif = /gif/ (graphics) and GIMP = /GIMP/ (Gnu)… and if there are dots: F.B.I. = /ef bee eye/ etc.  therefore: gif is without punctuation, so it is /gif/, otherwise it would be /gee eye ef/ or /dʒ æ ef/
English is such a stupid language. If not for colonialism, it deserves to be buried. There are many top quality grammatically and phonetically correct languages which are on verge of extinction due to war and colonisation
Lmao why is English pronunciation so complicated?  Spanish doesn't have these problems xd
It is giiif, not jif. I say gif cuz of differentiation, peanut butter brand, I call it jif, image dot gif is gif.
in almost every other language g makes the g and not j sound like it sometimes does in english
When G.I.F walks in, everyone: 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
In french there are hard rules for how words are pronounced from their spelling so french people would most probably say jiff
I follow Strong Bad's pronunciation guide... "Gif-jiff"
I say gee I eff 😰
It's not Gif or Jif. It's pronounced G.I.F like this Gee-Eye-Eff
Everyone’s fighting whether it’s pronounced as “gif” or “jif” while me over here pronounced it as “G-I-F”-
Sorry but isn’t it supposed to be pronounced G I F like you say the letters separately ? And don’t we do that with all abbreviated terms ??
I am here till no pronouncing it like G I F
Screw you ALL. ITS CALLED G.I.F
There is only one pronunciation; with a guttural g.
Image go weeeeeeeeee
It's a soft G. I'd agree with anyone who pronounces it with a hard G, but then, we'd both be wrong.
English just leaves too much room for imagination. There are not enough rules to know anything without external influences.
Schedule and School....that is always my hill I will die on.
jif is peanut butter
And theres me always having said G I F. As in the letters separately. Only recently have i found out that people actually prounce it as a word
I'm german, and in German the pronounciation is GIF (as in green). I didn't even knew that was even a debate until like 2 years ago. I just thought everyone pronounces it that way.
So are you saying that GIF and JIF are pronounced the same? If you're asked to write down JIF, would you write GIF or JIF? You wouldn't know. That's why it's G-IF and not (G)JIF.
I literally just say “jee-ay-ef” every time…
My brain older than a gif
I miss Jif, best cleaner ever! can't get it anymore! But the English language is a mystery to me
IT'S AN ACRONYM SO IT'S PRONOUNCED "G - I - F"
See I always pronounce it with a hard G because at least in America there's a peanut butter brand called JIF so in my mind GIF has to be pronounced differently
I don't think a lot of people know the word "gin".
I didn't even know scuba is an acronym, I just never questioned why it's called scuba diving
"Jillingham or Gillingham, both English towns a couple hundred miles apart" Welcome to the English language, where nothing makes sense and the way you pronounce stuff is wrong, except when it isn't.
It's pronounced G.I.F
Thumbnail Tom’s arms must be tired
The funny thing is, when I speak in English, I pronounce it jif, but when I speak in my native language, Finnish, I pronounce it gif.
I like how he waited till the end to make sure we knew the right way 🤣
I just say Jeff to mess with people
I pronounced it Jiff naturally. Now I try to avoid conversations where that word might appear. If I have to, I say Giff because it's the Giff people who like to start an argument about it.
I used to pronounce it like jif, but then I changed to gif because someone corrected me.
My favorite thing in all of the world is when someone corrects my pronunciation of a word. I love that so much I makes me want to have out with that person and hopefully get corrected over and over
If the inventor was an English major he would never have created the format but his opinion on pronunciation would hold merit.  Since he wasn't an English major we have the gif format but his opinion on the pronunciation of gif is irrelevant.
gif stands for Graphics Interchange Format...Hard g in graphics = hard g in gif.  Nobody says Jraphics Interchange Format...so nobody should be saying jif unless they're talking about peanut butter.
as much as I don't like speaking german, it made this debate easier to settle for me: there is only hard g in german, so the debade only occurs with younger german folks who tend to "anglofy" the pronounciation of words that are german but are similarly structured like english ones. so in germany it's actually a landslide for the hard g because when this debate started no one considered the j pronounciation, bc it doesn't appear for g in the german language :)
23 years in IT and never heard anyone say it like jif..its gif and will always be.
Just pronounce it with G, it's G not J
it's obviously jig
I always pronounced it "gee eye eff", pronouncing each letter separately.
How do you  pronounce pronunciation?
Jraphics Interchange Format
I've been pronouncing it correctly from the start, because that's actually how you read it in italian.  Thanks for the confirm, tho 😁
Hard G
i mean, doesnt g when it gets in contact with i,e or y becomes j? sooo its jif
No problem guys, we'll call it jeff
i love you
im just gonna call it gif anyway
I feel like it's unfair to the creator that their word has been deemed wrong. Imagine making a word only for people to change the pronunciation and deem your as wrong.
......... LOAM!
I prefer the Sonic version of this.
Well, I usually pronounce it "GIF".
TIL that the creator of the GIF is a jasshole
"Zhaiff"
Yif
me who pronounce it JI AY EF: 😶
GIF is an acronym - and if speaking properly, there is NO pronunciation for an acronym - it is shorthand writing, not shorthand speaking.  GIF is pronounced Graphics Interchange Format.
In English, you can never tell how the letters are pronounced. So I take my mother tongue German G - I - F without J  -  Not JIF
People say gif cos they're used to saying gift but gift is from the word give so jiffy wld actually be kinda more correct if it was a real word but its not. The g stands for graphic. So it's a g not a j.
I have  an english major.... its gif
Today I learned that SCUBA is intact an acronym...
It’s pronounced “Gee Eye Eff” (GIF) the same way you pronounce “Pea En Gee” (PNG)
I would have liked to know what the people of Gillingham prefer, in comparison to the townsfolk of Gillingham.
I say it as G.I.F.
I say it as gif because jiff is peanut butter.
All jokes aside, people who claim it's pronounced with a hard G are usually toxic af.
It’s pronounced “JIF” because shadow the hedgehog said so
Hey, your *that* guy
I've lived a lie for 14 years...
The p in jpeg isn't a good exemple cause in photography, you don't pronounce the p at all, you pronounce the ph, however it works with laser and scuba (which I didn't even know was an acronym).
It's prononced jif
Its obviously "Schiff"
Am I the only one that pronounces it G-I-F
I say you should respectfully follow the inventor.  If he wanted it to be pronounced "jiff", then it's awfully disrespectful to tell him he's wrong.  That said, you do you.  Just don't tell people that they're wrong for pronouncing it "jiff".
GEH IF
alright now ima start saying jod instead of god
Gif or Jif? I'll stick with gif
It’s JIF.
most people remember gift prononciation when see GIF
I think this was overcomplicated...  GIFT 🎁 is the closest existing word.  So why would the G at the start turn into a J if we remove the T from the end? 🤔
"Jif" is a brand of peanut butter. "Yiff" is a kind of poison. "Gif" is an image format.
More people say tomayto than tomahto, but tomahto isn’t being debated. I agree to disagree. I say jif, y’all can say ghif, and I won’t scream out loud. Have a great day 😀
It's pronounced as GIF, not GIF.
I call it G.I.F.
See but you're wrong. It's not a word, it's an acronym.
Jif is peanut butter, and the creator of the file format is a troll.
It should just  pronounce as "G" "I" "F".
It maybe spelt "Raymond Luxury Yacht" but it's pronounced "Throat Warbler Mangrove".
I just got an ad that says I'm about to watch Tom Scott video, well they ain't wrong but HOW THE HELL THEY KNOW THAT!!
People should stopped using english instead use Sanskrit the most scientific language
Its pronounced gif, because if its not, thats stupid.
Meanwhile me who says "G-I-F"...
im lucky in turkish there is nothing like this we pronounce words by how they writen
Mean while there's me, just pronouncing it as gee-eye-af. Don't care if it's wrong, 'jif' and 'gif' sound equally stupid to me. Doesn't mean they are, it's just my association with it.
So is it pronounced "meem" or "me-me"?
I just call it G I F
The real problem is that the spelling doesn't dictate the pronunciation. Having the ambiguity leads to the word requiring other knowledge in order to pronounce it correctly. "I'll spell this new thing however I like, and separately decide how it's pronounced."
2:00 Tom... this cracked me up XDDD
Its Gif
It's Jiff like the peanut butter and always will be.
i actually pronounce it as GIF... huh
I think it's about time you guys take into account that english words coming from the digital environment are inplemented in other languages. This means that italiansz for example, will pronounce it "jif" right away.
2:30 Hahaha! We know how Tom says it!
Like the peanut butter
I was today years old when I learned that scuba is an acronym
The most agnostic pronunciation is "jyfe" like the "gi" in "gigantic"
1:10 he says gif. There you go.
There is an old English word spelt “gif” and it’s pronounced as “yiff” so …
It should be pronounced as "JIF", I decided
In old english if a 'g' is next to an 'i' it makes the 'y' sound. Therefore it's pronounced 'yif'.
Plot twist… the G is silent
Jif
"gee-eye-eff"
Wait is it pronounced “GIF” or “GIF”
JIF pronouncers going to hell after calling a God "Jod"
I don't pronounce it gif or gif, I pronounce it gif.
I normally just pronounce the letters “g” “I” and “f”
"jif" is the superior pronunciation not only because it was coined in that way, but also because this pronunciation avoids a common ambiguity with the word "gift" when spoken out-loud. The trailing "t" in "gift" is often not pronounced, leading to confusion.
Jif is a peanut butter, gif is not. Argument settled. 🙏
Jokes on you, because I pronounce each three letters INDIVIDUALLY.
Am i the only one who says it as G I F ? Letter by letter?
i don't care how the inventor pronounces it, i won't be pronouncing it jif
I personally pronounce it as gif not gif. But I don't judge those who pronounce gif as gif
I remember when these came out in the mid 90's. They were called GIF's ("JIF's". Or something like "YIFF's" .) Anything else is just WRONG!
GIF stands for Graphic Interchange Format.  graphics starts with a G and is pronounced Gra-phic. NOT Jra-phic.    End of story.
Pronounce as jiff, not the english jiff, but the chinese pronounciation of the pinyin “j”
I always thought the g was silent...
GIF is pronouced Gif not Jif, blike bruh
Am I the only person pronouncing G.I.F…
It’s pronounced jif not gif
guh vs juh
This is why English is dumb.
But "GIF" isn't a word. So there can't be a ruling on how to pronounce it.
As english is not my native language, i pronounce gif the gi way where i pronounce the g as a weaker k, like its supposed to be pronounced
I'm going to keep saying it the way I've always said it GIF (like knife) gife. literally everyone I know gets angry when I say it like that so I'll keep doing it that way
I feel like it just makes the most sense to pronounce it like gift with the t dropped.
I believe I’m the only person in the world who pronounces margarine with a hard ‘g’.
I pronounce it G-I-F
I really like the jraphics in this video...
Jiff is a peanut butter.  I will not trademark infringe.
It's gif, because jif is its own format (short for Jeff's Image Format). Look it up.
No
Thx, now i can beat my friends in linguistic arguments more.
The only other words in the English language starting with gif- is gift and its variants, which is why I think a hard "G" sound is more intuitive for most people
cool
there is your lifelong ambition in front of you but you're just arguing wether to pronounce it like G or J. what the hell is the matter? pronounce it as you want, then do the freaking job! don't waste time on this kind of unimportant stuff! focus on yourself! don't get distracted!
Its got a G on the front. Great!
JRAPHICS INTERFACE FORMAT?  If it's really pronounced with a J, then how would you pronounce the word "Jif"?  The word "Gift" alone proves all of this wrong.
In Old English, ġif, where a tiny dot is on top of the g, is pronounced "yif". The word just means "if" by the way, and is the direct ancestor of the modern word.
we never had such a problem in arabic, every letter is pronounced as it is
Gif or Jiff, people say good or bad for either one of them. Let's be chaotic neutral and say Yiff
No, I have always known it to be 'jiff' because at the time tech people knew, nubs didn't.
"jiff is correct" so many reasons.
Nah its G I F bro 😂
It's GIFT without the T. End of.
English orthography is something else. My native tongue has an unambiguous relation between writing and pronunciation. Poor innocent me thinking this pesky britons would do the same.
It the creator wanted it to be called jif why didn't he just spell it with a "j" it's his fault he used the wrong letter
its pronounced yif
I was today years old when I found out: LASER is an acronym
It's gif as in gift.  (G)raphic (i)nterchange (f)ormat   It's not giraffic interchange format.
Easier in French because  "gi" is only pronounced one way.
I say jif, because I want to pronounce the G sound, G - then IF. And I think terms should be pronounced the way who invented it say it is
"If the almighty himself came down from the clouds and said 'It's pronounced jif,' I would just smile at him and say, 'Thanks, jod.'"
its gif
my partner has an Indian colleague who pronounces Git, the version control system, as [ʤɪt] ('jit' for non-IPA folks) rather than [gɪt]
I always said it with hard g because that’s how I was used to pronouncing g in my native language, turkish
It's "JIF"
It stands for Jraphics Interchange Format, so it is GIF.
I just pronounce it as the dutch word for poison.
2:31 wrong, dude. this guy just said it to me one day and said it "gif"
I pronounce "ГИФ" [g'if] and find "jif" pronunciation very strange.
It's gif
There's a rule for acronyms: every letter ending up in the acronym is pronounced the same as the letter in the word being shortened.  So it doesn't matter what anyone thinks or wants. If the G is short for Graphics in the acronym GIF, then it's pronounced GIF and not JIF. No one says jraphics.
Ok but...I pronounce it as G-I-F. Like I say each of the letters. Oh dear.
Just pronounce it GEeeEEs eYeEE eFFfff
I call it an MPT for Moving Picture Thingy
Гиф
everyone who prefers jif is secretly a furry
English is a mess
JEE EYE EFF
Alright. Gonna settle this for everyone.   If your talking about internet gifs, it’s gif.  If you say Jif, you are referring to a cleaning product or peanut butter.   Okay that’s solved. What next? Right, Israel vs Palestine….
Hydro city vs Hydrosity when
I just say G I F everytime and idk why.
It is Jif. Case closed.
"Jif" callers going to hell couse calling "god" as "jod"
The correct answer is that it doesn't matter as long as you know what the other person is talking about.
who tf says "Jif"
Guys just pronounce it gif smh
Your wrong its gif not gif
When you have to misspell the word in order to prove its not pronounced the way its spelled, you've already lost that argument.
Its G.I.F.
it's J I F
Jif alwayd
G I F
Whatever. Say it however you want to say it. I mean, if Richard wakes up one day after a bad burrito-induced nightmare and decides he wants to be named “Cedar” and self-identifies as a flatbed scanner with the pronouns “banana/house,” what difference does it make? Seriously…we’re doomed.
I started with "jif" until my son 'corrected' me. Even now, I have to remind myself to call it "gif". I do wonder if there is a generational thing to it, where older people were more likely to say "j" and the younger "g". Could mean that instead of the old influencing and teaching the young, the reverse has happened.
Meanwhile me who say G.I.F
What's up with English language and pronunciation! ? Why people ignore the role of letters in  pronouncing a word?
I read “GIF” as “Jif”, and “gif” as “gif”.  But when speaking it’s always “Jif”. It’s spelled “JEE EYE EFF” and at least it doesn’t sound like I’m trying to say that I saw a gift the other day. 🙄
Idc imma call it Gandalf
IT IS GIF NOT JIF
My instinct says GIF. So its going to be GIF
"read before you heard"  ESL people like me: that's literally most words
If you have to spell it differently to make it sound like how you think it should, you're wrong.
Gif
im so sad that tom scott got killed in a disastrous accident at his studio in the end 😭😭
ITS GIFT MWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAA
Grinph as in graphics interchange phormat.
i pronouce it "mif"
I was saying gif like gift for a long time. Then I changed to jiff pronunciation after learning from the creator of the GIF, the joke behind the acronym was related to peanut butter. I worked really really hard to get the guh to a juh. I'm not gonna undo it. Every time I try to say GIF like gift, my tongue sticks like I'm being choked out or gagged. So enjoy that for those of you who can. I've been converted and can't undo it.
This puts me at ease
"not a land slide" 70 to 30 /rolleyes
People who say jif shouldn't procreate, thanks.
If you call it a "JIF" I will MURDER you
I think there is another arguement that you can discuss which is that who invented GIFs? The inventor of it themselves directily or the social invention of it and how they were used from there? While this may be similar to the popularity decideding its pronouciation, it is actually somewhat distinct as it more focuses on how the pronouciation releates to our social invention and usage of the format in conversation
G before I makes a J sound. Therefore it’s pronounced JIF.
I say every letter in the acronym just to bother both sides
It’s one letter form Gift so for me there is no way I can not say Gif
Let's focus on this word.......gift.........nobody has given or received a "jift" yes???? All in agreement.........? Good......now take away the "t".
I do it the Chad way. "G I F." Individual letters.
The gist is that giant giraffes give gifts of gin to gimping gibbons who gingerly gild ginseng.
Laser is an acronym? Didn’t know that.
G I F = Jee-eye-eff
This just proves that english is hella stupid
Didn't know it stood for Jraphics Interchange Format. And no, scuba and laser are words that were converted from acronyms to general nouns. GIF is not.
70% is a landslide.
It is pronounced like the G in garage.
It’s like the peanut butter. Jif
i associated gif with the word gift
People: arguing either it should be called "gif"or "jif"   Me: just reads it G-I-F  I guess thats the right answer :)
Internet to the inventor: "You are on this council, but we don't grant you the rank of JIF"
I think it’s pronounced giffydabgabjiggif
In conclusion, it’s pronounced GIF.
the guy who invented the format said its Jiff NOT GIF
I was mocked for calling it jif so despite the fact my brain thinks its jif, I say gif. Evidence the effects of peer pressure are massive.
It's pronounced "Gee eye eff"
I don't think people would be nearly as passionate about this debate if Jif wasn't already a peanut butter.
here is a solution to this problem: Americans should choose 1 pronounciation, it will be the American way to say it. and the british should choose the other pronounciation, it will be the British way to say it. Austrlains and Newzealandans and Irish people do not usually dictate what English is, so it has to be a British/American split, and everyone will be happy.
If you dont say JIF I assume you smell your own farts.
its called G, I, F, smhh
i think it’s gif not gif
and it get even more messed up when you add over language rule, i always says "jif" because in french you need an u after the g to make "gif"  like  on one side guitare or on the other giraffe
Shhhhhh  It is /gif/ No need to argue about it
Psycholinjuistics
Write it with a bloody J then!!
I pronounce it G, I, F, not gif, not jif, I don't pronounce acronyms as words, because you shouldn't, because it's not a word. Thank you very much.
I love how the guy written "it's pronounced "(misspelled way to fit how he pronounces)" and not "(the write way to actually spell gif)". It's like he is saying that if it was supposed to be read "jif" it would be spelled with a j 🤣🤣🤣
GIF is an acronym so  The letter’s pronunciations are:  G - “Gee” I - “Aye” F - “Ehf”  It’s pronounced “GAE”.
I just pronounce it jee-eye-ef, like G.I.F.
it’s actually pronounced ‘GEE.EYE.EFF’ as it’s an acronym.
Huh... in german we don't have that problem
dgif
To the people that say jif: hi, so you are timmy? hello timme
the correct way, according to Dr. Jacques Bailly, is pronounced: G.I.F, saying each letter by itself.
pronouncing gif as gif is like saying ti as ti with nvidia cards
I was today's years old when i found out Laser and scuba are acronyms
IKEA.
Jif
You pronounce it jif He pronounces it gif I pronounce it G-I-F We are not same...
I propose pronouncing the G the Dutch way - /xif/.
Goo goo ga ga is now Joo Joo jaja
Something I feel might be relevant about the acronym comparisons is that GIF is the only one that starts with the contentious letter.
I pronounce it G-I-F. End of story. 😎
It’s gif.
Mere who pronounces it as G I F
Lmao when I was a kid I pronounced it jif, but I was seeing that all of the People said Gif so I started to sia gif
It's 'g' before an 'i'! Phonetically speaking, the 'g' becomes a 'j'. So, it's GIF (I don't care)
I say both.
Maybe I am a monster. I read the letters one by one
Thanks a lot for the info! Really appreciate it!
Why use "gaffer" as an example? "G" is normally soft only before "i", "e", and "y".
I always respect an inventors wishes. Jif it is.
oh... I'm pronouncing it "sku buh" from now on!!!
Soft G for sure. The creator knows
POV: you have said Jif ur entire life but just now finding out that people said gif
00:25, the fact anyone has to use a powerpoint slide to explain it, shows it's pronounced with a hard G naturally. QED
I'd be interested to see how handedness relates to GIF pronunciation. I'd almost bet there's a strong correlation, and I'd be surprised if 'gif' wasn't mostly righties and 'jif' lefties. I say 'jif' because I know that's what its creator says and therefore it's really not up for debate in my mind, and I'm right-handed, but I bet that's uncommon across society as a whole.
How about gjif to make everyone happy?
if it was pronounced "JIF" it would be "JIF" but its not, its "GIF" so its pronounced "GIF"
As a dyslexic. I can say, Tom Scott can make anything fun.
I say gee-eye-eff.
The inventor has the right to decide how to pronounce it. I remember seeing him display the sign because at the time he could not speak.  Whichever way it is pronounced I HATE HATE HATE them. I immediately leave a page with a gif on it.
This title is absolutley brilliant
So if people say GIF is pronounced "yiff" than why isent Gift pronounced "yifft"
If gift is pronounced with a g rather than a j, why would gif be different, I wonder?
"Jif" is peanut butter not a format.
Guys, it's pronounced GIF.
Giraffe in the thumbnail  Me: is that a Tap Trial reference?
genius title
Personally I think it varies for countries for example I would say it jif because my other language replaces j with another g pronounced j
I bet its influenced by the fact that Continental European languages don't have the silly phonetical interpretation of letters as English. G is /g/ in start of words in most European languages I can think of
It's Gif, because JIF is an effing peanut butter!!!
Legends cal it as  G I F
Am I the only one who pronounces gif as "G-I-F"?
You know what those who use jif is scandavandian
Yup, gif
Gif is also a dutch word and we pronounce it even weirder.
I just used "jif" coz it's easier to pronounce.
Now gif me a gin
I said G I F
Gif not jif, or I might as well say hello juys
pronouncing it jif is a reason to unsubscribe >:((((((
we don't have to argue about this anymore, we now have APNG
its jeff
I always called it G I F.
GIF is just a Gift without "t".
We should rename it to "vif" for video instead of graphic, i know its different but just settle this mess
It should be called G I F
"jiff" is already a word
People who pronounce it "jif" are ontologically evil and need to be dealt with accordingly
Jif is peanut butter.
Me: says G-I-F
The real problem is that OED calls GIF a lossless format.
I worked with a couple fellows, Gilbert and Geoffrey. They could agree on this either.
i think everyone bases it on their language rules, for example in romanian the "gi" is read as "ji" and the letters "ghi" are read "gi" so by default romanians automatically read that as jif
how about we pronounce it as "if"
I pronounce GIF PNG.
Actually it's gif
Person 1:- ITS PRONOUNCED GIF NOT JIF. Person 2:- NO ITS JIF, THE CREATER CONFIRMED IT. Meanwhile me:-  Its G-I-F
The g is silent.
its gif only
is this a joke i am too italian too understand? here we have fixed pronunciation rules, like g before i is always soft
Me who always read & pronounced it as single letters (G-I-F): 🤡
Its graphics not jrafix
Come on, i call it JEE-EYE-EFF and not JIF or GIF or anything silly. Isn't that how acronyms are supposed to be pronounced?
what about other languages. in Other languages we call it jif many times.
Gif, not Jif
It's GIF with a hard G as in GIFt
It's GIF. Facts. Spell if jif if you want to say it that way. This is like Apex Legends Gibraltar, pronounced Jibraltar. However the  short is Gibby with a G, not pronouced Jibby. But people still call him Jibby because they can't grasp the English language aye.
How is it JIF? The G is from GRAPHIC That is NOT a J sound-
GIF is the only word i dont read in my mind when i see it the meaning just enters my head
Well it .gif
I used to just say G-I-F
Let just pronounce it G-I-F and make everybody mad
English native speakers are so weird, having so many pronounciations for the same letters, overconplex for no reason
It’s pronounced gif not gif
You pronounce it like the g in garage
The solution is, pronounce gif as - G I F 🥳
Im almost certain i got "G" in gif from gift
It’s pronounced jod
me pronouncing it as жif
It’s pronounced Jee Iy Eff
Which is why I pronounce it "G   I   F"
It seems that all instance of “g” sounding like “j” come from words that are derived from Latin. Whereas all instances of a hard “g” are from German. To prove my point further the reason we pronounce German with a soft “g” or “j” sound is because it comes from Latin. As English is still considered a largely Germanic language I feel we should consider those roots when deciding on pronunciation. Germanic pronunciation would be to pronounce GIF with a hard “g”. When further consider that “Graphics” comes from the Greek “Graphikos” it would be foolish to apply any Latin pronunciation to it. Neither the root of the word nor the language in which it’s acronym were created are Latin based, so a soft “g” doesn’t make sense.
I am not native english speaker so when I talk about gif, i say [gif] and almost everyone in my country does it the same way
SO SPELL IT JIF IF IT WAS SAID “JIF”
even if Jif was correct only psychopaths would use it
With original English it’s yiff
NO MISTER TOM SCOTT, GIF is pronounced GIF, not GIF. In MOST of the countries you would say GIF and not GIF, what kind of country pronounces it as GIF?
I hate when people say it with a hard G because I’m both from the south and hard of hearing, so I can never tell when they’re saying “gif” or “gifT,” and those two thugs elicit very different reactions from me.
And the other one is pronounced "Jay-Feg"
but what happens when I invent JIF? how would it be pronounced? That's why pronunciation should correspond with spelling.
Your argument at ~1:27 is flawed in that there is no 'h' for the 'p', and we always make the vowel defer to the consonants. It's a fairly stable caveat.
Its Jif
I never knew that laser was an acronym.
JIF
the obvious answer is pronouncing it pronouncing it by the letters of the acronym or yif
its just sad how the modern creator of the word pronounces it wrong, so sad
It’s *Gif not Jif
no, it's pronounced GIF, not GIF
Well I’m gonna pronounce it “G-I-F”
i always pronounced GIF as individual letters G,I and F like G-I-F, does anyone else does that too?
Next Tom Scott video. "Why the word 'aglet' has saved millions of lives."
It's pronounced GIF not GIF, duh
Pronounce it, "obsolete, unused, irrelevant graphics format."
yes its definetly gif thank you
I don't understand why people want absolutely a word to have a certain pronunciation either of the pronunciation is right if people can understand it , this is not like it can be confused like ate , at , hate and hat where if misunderstood can lead to weird situation .
What about data
I still pronounce narwhale as ... nar-whale. I think it's a rare, but correct, pronunciation.
The controversy will end when people decide to pronounce it as Graphic interchange format
i'm german, so i read it as gif with a hard g
in dutch there is a word beginning with gi that is fairly common (its not a j its a g)  that word is gif, it means poison
if you pronounce JIF as "JIF", than why GIF is also must be "JIF"?
I pronounce gif with a silent g.
i don't know if anyone agrees but i pronounce it g-i-f
satan, the one that every single person is scared of, is *terrified* of people who call gifs "g-i-f" :afraid:
I pronounce it with a soft g because that’s how the letter itself is pronounced 😂
I like the part where he told us what the right pronounciation is.
I had about lost it when the creator said it’s pronounced jif not gif.
Everyone's wrong, it pronounced "Pond"
So from now on it is pronounced Jod, not God? :D
This is like when Trump endorsed "Eric"
I pronounce it as D3IF, no matter what. Sorry!
I'd like to see a follow-up video where you go to the two towns of G-illingham and J-illingham and have residents (especially older ones) read a sentence with .gif in it... I wonder if the results will vary from one town to the other.
I don’t know why you’re taking the descriptivist philosophy on language as the obvious correct approach. Have you ever read Wittgenstein? Language is complicated, sure, but the idea that it’s a completely fluid and dynamic form of expression that should be free from value judgements is absurd.
Can't I pronounce it /dʒaif/? I'm offended
As a German, I pronounce it GIF, not "djiff" because, well, the "djiff" kind of pronunciation is not common for the German language, so my brain did the obvious choice of pronouncing it with the hard G.
Umm...am I the only one who came here after watching that petty argument between Shadow and Sonic, really?
I wonder if both Shadow and Sonic have watched this video already... Actually, it would be more interesting to see what they both would be squabbling about, and all those shenanigans, when they saw this, really!
I’ve been eating pizza with pineapple on it for years. This gif debate doesn’t scare me.
Thanks, Tom 👍
I'm not brave enough for politics
Guys its pronounced GIF, stop arguing
GIF should be dead now with webm, which is pronounced "web-m" or "webum"
I believe GIF should be pronounced with a hard ‘g,’ like Git and GNU. It makes sense for a data format.
me who say it as "G.I.F' (Ji, Ay, Ef) 😳😭
the jif sound is already taken by the peanut butter get your own sound creator of gifs
1:27 that's exactly how it's pronounced in Polish
Gif is simply animated photos
Only thing I've learned from this vid is that "Laser" is an acronym...
How about we say, G-JIF?
70% means it is gif not jif ;)
Japhics Interchange Format
It's GIF bro.
I never thought that people would lose their minds over such a simple word that people are comfortable at saying it.
for the people who say jif explain the word gift      im waiting
bro i say gif as an acronym like you say USA
Xhif
Gif is pronounced as Gif, not Gif
I actually pronounce the letters separately
I argue that the pronunciation is gif with g in garlic, but i often say it as gif with g in ginger.
Graphics interchange format. GIF. Graphics. Gra·fuhk. (Pronunciation) GIF.
How do you pronounce Giorno Giovanna?
What's a nike work!
Worst video i've ever watched in my life
It's pronounced JIF. End of story
For me it‘s a funny case. I don’t really know why, but when I speak in my native language, German, I say gif. When used in an English sentence, I say djif…
Great points! But disliked because of your defense of enby pronouns. Sorry not sorry.
It’s definitely pronounced gif
If you put any stock in the debate about "other words that start with gi," then just make sure you that follow that logic the REST of the way, and add the next letter ("f"). There's actually only ONE word in English that starts with "gif," and yep... it's "gift" (and its variations, such as "gifted"). So, if you're going to say that we should look to other words to set the precedent for us, just know that you've already pigeonholed yourself into pronouncing it the only correct way (like "gift").
We should pronounce it the Spanish way: /xif/, "hif" but with a stronger h, similar to the "ch" in the Scottish "loch".  End of story.
For everybody who thinks its Jiff take the Words Gift and Gifu just take away the last letter and boom u got GIF
I pronounce it as *jee-aa-eh-ef*
I gotta say, I really enjoy when you go down rabbit holes like this, and no I'm not being sarcastic 😂
I say it like G I F
It's an abbreviation what tf r u arguing about? just like "DOJ" you dont say "dodj", you say it as "Dee-Ow-Jey"
I've always 'pronounced' it as G-I-F
I was drinking gin with my giant giraffe Gina at the gym, and I was making gibes about all the people who say gif wrong. My friend, the ginger gipsy gigolo, came by and gibbered some gibberish about his gingivitis, anyway, that's the gist of it.
It's pronounced "jeff"
GIF with a J is a brand of peanut butter.
I always read each letter individually
Actually it's pronounced "Graphics Interchange Format" not GIF or JIG
It's "Yif"
*So that begs the question, is a word pronounced the way it is because the creator said so?*
It's pronounced I.  Because the Gf cannot exist.
Jif is a peanut butter guys
Fun fact: .jif is not just the weird pronunciation of .gif, but it's a different file format. Pronouncing it correctly is now mandatory to prevent miscommunication. You're welcome
"Its a victory for the yiffers" hmmmmmmmmmm
Neither do i call it GIF nor do i call it GIF, i call it G I F.
What about Gjiff
Pronunciation is like perspective: It changes from person to person, there is no right or wrong.
This problem is not about the one single word but English language as whole.
GIF's a file extension, though...
I always thought it was closest to the word gift, so dropping the t felt most natural.
".JIF. like the peanut butter. The creator said so"
The gig is up.
If it's spelled Gif, it should be pronounced GIF
Hi
If the G stands for Graphics, how the hell you get Jrafics?
"The correct answer is, of course-" *is immediately crushed by a wall and dies*
Gif is Gif Jif is the Peanut Butter
Theres the disgusting term "yiff" then theres the incorrect term "jif" and the correct term "gif"
The format creator is just wrong.
I don't pronounce id Jif  It was Gif for me everytime
".gif, like the peanut butter, the creator said so"
Itll will never be djiff for me, because the g stands for graphic... not djiraphic...
im gonna say it as D 3 IF pronounces dee three if deethreeif  (also  i get it d3if isnt actually pronounced that)
It's gif not gif
The reason I say gif is because of gift.
It's GIF and JFEG now.
My brain in middle school:  GIF? GIFT - T = GIF
bro it’s gif not gif
listen all boys the answer is Gif
mhhhhhh for me it is still Ghinfambengheurussium
its like doors vs wheels. gif is like doors; not technically correct but it has a place in my heart
The gif is a gift
It feels weird to call it a jif ngl
No i think it is gif...
Once I learned the creator said it was “Jif” I stopped saying Gif
This stuff is just annoying me so much, I think we should call it "DIF
Me who pronounce it by G-I-F
And then there's me pronouncing each letter individually. G-I-F. J-P-E-G.
Since HEIF/HEIC has superseded JPEG which kind of replaced a nascent use of GIF for photos ... let's pronounce it HIF. I am sure HIF is correct - just ask Manuel!
wrong it's Greg or Jeff
bro, its prounounced gif smh
Gif for sure
It's actually pronounced GIF  (gee-eye-ef
Gif
This triggers me
it's pronounced "jif" the g is soft
Duuuuh it's pronounced jiff
Isnt jif peanutbutter ?
i propose some alternative pronunciations if you want to irritate both sides of the argument, has anyone ever tried 'ʒɪf' or 'xɪf'?
It's gif end of story why jif It's G.I.F
It’s not gif, or gif, it’s graphic interchange format
and here I am reading it per letter.. .
It's actually pronounced "yiff"
Everybody: I don't know how it's pronounced  Me: I don't even know what that is!!!
Jif?
It’s pronounced GEE I EFF
Jeff
* Proceeds to still pronnounce it as GIF *
"Shif", take it or leave it
I think it's most logical for someone to see 'GIF' and link that to 'gift', hence assuming it's a hard g
Actually it's called GIF
Your wrong it's pronounced Greg, you should be lucky it's not called yiff.
well its pronounced ''jif'' and you cant do anything about it but pronounce it wrong
shadow the hedgehog brought me here
Okay, so if most people by default recognized this word as "gif with a hard G" based on their own automatic prediction of how it should sound, then obviously "gif with a hard G" is the correct option.  Get wrecked, Steve Wilhite.
Jif, will never pronounce it otherwise. Then again maybe I can't have an opinion because I pronounced "notifications" as "Not-if-ications" for the longest time instead of "note-if-ications"
I got tired of people arguing about this so i just call it graphics interchange format
😂😂😂
No, it’s “ jorb”
It's Yiff. You can't make me say otherwise
1:17 It's funny how the ways you don't pronounce acronyms in English are actually the ones that make sense.
It’s pronounced gif. problem solved just say it as whatever it’s a weird word
Descriptivism shouldn't be the end all be all.
This is what I get for watching that GIF debate video between Sonic and Shadow.
It's gif
Oh, do you also pronounce giraffe as jiraffe? You novice.
its obviously pronounced “if”
Jeez, why can’t we all get along and just agree to disagree on its pronunciation. It’s not that big of a deal
Graphics Guh
It’s with a g we will hunt you down if you pronounce with j
It's pronounced as people pronounce it: gif.
old english "yif"
I say G I f
jef
I think its Gif not Gif
you dont want to know how some dutch people pronounce it
What does jif sound like if you pronounce gif like jif
bro am i seriously the only one who says 'gee i f' just how you spell it
jiff gang
The creator of gif clearly doesn't know what he's talking about.
Wow cool
We can all agree that we are talking about ‘Graphics Interchange Format’ and not a jar of peanut butter
*cough cough..* i just say "G-I-F"... *cough*
I was pronouncing it by each alphabet like G-I-F ,never knew about this until I watched this video 😂
OK, but what about people that DON'T speak English? In most other countries (like Spain, Portugal) its pronounced "GIF" not "JIF" like the peanut butter
Me, a speaker of an almost fully phonetic language: pathetic.  Btw. I love English and pronounce the word "gif" as "gif" :D
I say it as "G.I.F." and "Graphics Interchange Format." I hate saying it as though it's a single word.
JEEFFSS
I pronounce it G   I.   F
then, is "gift" pronounsed as "jift" ??
ah yes Jraphics Interchange Format
I pronounce it G.I.F.
I have come to the conclusion to call it TIFF
I just say g i f
Jaif
I will lay down my life on Gif hill.
i had no idea “Laser” was a acronym
Everyone knows that it is GIF and not GIF
70% : Thank you Steve Wilhite for giving us Gif.......  But we will take it from here .
Just say g.i.f
So I’m the only person who pronounces GIF as G-I-F?
JPEG may mean photographic but is there a ph is jpeg
The 70% are correct considering the "G" stands for "Graphic"
the whole jif arguement completely falls apart when you have to write it like jif to get people to pronounce it as jif  point is it's gif, not jif
It’s actually pronounced GIF
... yes I love Jraphics. Let's just call it G IF
I think it’s pronounced yanny
Actually my grandma pronounces it "Jee-👁️-Eff"
Dashie was right it was JIFFFFF
"Jif" gang where you at?
Ah yes The Average GIF Fans  VS The Average GIF Enjoyers
What about data
I understand that you pronounce it GIF but I still choose to pronounce it GIF
Let's be honest "Gif" is much more cooler than "Jif"
"Congrats on The creation, we'll take it from here "
This whole debate is honestly the fault of the english language. J is supposed yo say /DG/, not G. That’s the whole reason J exists in english. G usurps J’s place in so many words that now some people may be mislead enough to assume that GIF is pronounced /DG/if.
me who calls it "ji ay ef"
i pronounce it hiff
gift
I call it a g.i.f
G Gi Gif Gift
No it’s pronounced Gif!
This got deeper than any argument about this word has ever existed.
As a non native English speaker, I say gif, cause there's almost no word in my mother language with gi that is pronounced Dif
Fig
its gif not jif
I am pronouncing it jif whether anyone likes it or not
For me it's gif, not djif, always will be
I think it must be pronounced as you wish. In Brazil, we use gif, with g pronounce. Also. 100% of us all speak gigabyte as jiga with J
In Polish it's very simple. It's pronounced gif not jif, so in English I pronounce it gif not jif as well. But a native Polish speaker as a beginner English speaker would pronounce it jif not gif which is confusing.
Just say g'jiff
It's JIF
If you say "jif" you are a psychopath
I agree, it's GIF
It's gif where g underwent yod reduction. It's /jıf/
Gjif
An explanation on something that shouldn't need explained, and yet it was explained in such great detail. Awesome video!
This is literally the sonic and shadow argument
Is it just me bc I said G. I. F.
I call it G I F
EVERYONE said "gif" like the peanut butter until like 10 years ago
as a person from south america (spanish talking countries) i would never say Jif, is gif for us, always has been.
Am I the only one that pronounces it like "G.I.F."?
Some jerk: uses the wrong letter The same jerk: you're pronouncing the letter wrong!
I always called it G.I.F.  Now I feel weird.
I see what you did there But i don't think foxes nor hedgehogs can scuba dive
I propose we settle this debate and just call it g-I-f. It’s not that long anyway
The fact that there is no set in stone way to create a word with a hard "g" followed by a short "i" sound in English is problematic honestly.
Screw it, im gonna say Gee-Eye-Eff to screw with people
d3if
Oh ok so it’s gif. 👍
People: Gif! No, it's Jif!   Meanwhile the legends who say "jee-i-ef":
I always pronounce gif w a hard g because the j sound is already taken by jif, the peanut butter brand
Gif or jif, the debate of the century
Gif not jif
Nah its pronounced as "graphics inerchanging format"
LEGENDS SAY *JEE AYI EF*
jif is superior
I once had a STEM teacher pronounce it "jift"
It stands for Graphics Interchange Format so it’s GIF not JIF. I don’t care what the creator says.
Actually its pronounced "Linjuistics"
Poob
really depends what day it is. For me to say jif or gif.
I use WebM's
My life is a lie
I think your 30% statistic comes from trolls
As a spanish speaker anyword i see i can pronounced easly...  (screw accent, apostrophe and wathetever weird rule any languge wants to use)
"Gif" should be pronunced as "gif". "Jif" should be written as "Gife".
Jid doesnt sound right 😭
people who pronounce it "jif" being sent to hell after calling God "Jod"
This reminds me of that sonic and shadow dub
bro i pronounce it "jee eye ef" 😭
i'm still calling it gif who cares what the creator thinks
Jif is peanut butter, that is all.
G, I, f
im german and we're not weird so we say gif, so from a language barrier point of view its also gif
I honestly couldn't tell you which pronunciation I use or prefer since I switch back and forth so frequently Neither one is particularly locked in my head
nah its gif
My argument why it's pronounced "gif" not "jif": There is an image extension called ".jiff", so to avoid confusion we should pronounce gif and not jif, otherwise when speaking it would only cause confusion. "But what about other words that are written differently but pronounced the same?" Well, what about we don't add to that and pronounce gif differently from jiff?
bruh I say it as G-I-F.
Jif is the peanut butter brand
Me who says G I F: amateurs
I don't care, O'Leary is simply just wrong
What does GIF stand for? Correct Graphics interchange format. G-raphics not J-raphics, you also dont call it a Jraphics Card.
I pronounce it jif
It's pronounced "data" not "DATA"
That's why I do not like english, their alphabet is not phonetic at all
Source?
In old english gif was pronounced "yiff"
It’s fuckin pronounced jif
I will keep saying it as jif just to spite society
i forgot how i used to pronounce gif, woops-
I knew it! my childhood self was right
Jif
gif
I think different languages also influence the pronunciation. For example, in Italian words with the soft "g" are more common than the harder "g". Yet in Spanish, there isn't a word with soft "g", words with g are always either a hard "g" or an even harder "g" (the "h" sound in hammer for example). So in Spanish is Gif.
Some people say gif some people say gif end of story
i used to call it; G. I. F. all characters separately pronounced.
i'm a french baguette and i pronounce it "jif" because there are litterally no words pronounced like "gift" in french even tho this is purely logical to me, some people say "gif" because of the english version
But the P in photo isn't pronounced like F, that's only when combined with an H. G in graphics is pronounced as a hard G on its very own.
hey, let me give you a christmas jift.
Bruh I say G I F like each letter 0-0
I don't even need to watch the video to know the answer
гифка
Still wrong bozo 🚨🥸🚨
it's pronounced  yif
I always have and always will say G.I.F.
its GEE-EYE-EFF. where are ppl getting jif or gif from
P in JPEG stands for “photographic”. I bet you don’t call it J-feg
When you realized it’s actually pronounced GIF
If it were "jif" it would be JIF and not GIF
for your logic to be consistent, you’d have to say “scuba” or, “laser”
I pronounce it jif cause if i pronounce it like gif, my friends would get confused cuz i kinda said gift
Wtf the ad before this video said "you are probably gonna watch a Tom Scott video"
I just pronounce it letter by letter kinda like: (Jee Ay Ef/G.I.F)
if you put a word mixs with a synonym then xrompet finish the sentence
ok boomer
its with a hard g because .jiff is a file and you can't have 2 files pronounced the same way
Wait, y’all don’t say gif with a long i?
And here I am calling it G I F
TIL: Scuba is an acronym
I said jif...
Its pronounced yiff
I love Jifs
I say both, just to bother people.
something about the internet, you can make a decision, but in reality, its up to the users to make that final decision
I thought this was for the peanut butter
it's not pronounced gif, it's pronounced gif
Have we ever considered that it may be GEE IH EFF?
For Spanish speakers that won't work since the G is pronounced as "g" like in game or good
It's pronounced zhif.
Cool, now do Data and data
If gif shouldn't be pronounced jif, then g shouldn't be pronounced jee
Remove the "t" from "gift"... Boom.  End of story
Tom really hopped on, said "It's both, or neither, idk" and dipped.
It’s gif not gif
It’s not pronounced GIF as in gift without the t, it’s pronounced jif
Is it a Graphics Interchange Format, or a Jraphics Interchange Format? That’s what I thought
fax
I say  G I F
I say Gif so people don't think I'm saying gift. "No, Shannon, I was not talking about your birthday when I said I had the perfect gif for that."
I don't believe that the creator of gifs called them peanut butter manufacturer
It’s jif
its jif do u say General or jeneral?
Didn't the creater say it doent matter?
"jif pronouncers pronouncing "god" as jod" gif pronouncers pronouncing "germany" as *g*ermany.
Listen, I am about to watch this, you will either recieve a like or a dislike depending on how you pronounce it
gif
Meanwhile I’m here being the only one who pronounces it “G-I-F”
I pronounce it “GIF”
So James Charles is Jay?
Lmao shadow and sonic had the same argument
If you call it a "Jif" then please do not be near me.
I call it a G eye f
The creator of gif is obviously dumb
It's pronounced "rules"
Screw it ima just start calling them graphics interchange format
I just say graphics interchange format to avoid debate
Jif is a peanut butter brand, Gif is a format
There's an old English iteration of "gif" (used for a different purpose, but spelled the same) that's pronounced "yiff".
Mmmm science
Its GIF not GIF
Always remember, JIF is the peanut butter, GIF is the format.
If its Jif then I'm not giving you a gift im giving you a JFFFFFT
The way I see it, if you're asking about "gif vs jif" one of them needs to change the spelling to get the pronunciation across...sooooo
It's actually pronounces yiff
jif
Why isnt gif pronounced like jive?
I say JIF
JIF IS A BRAND OF PEANUTBUTTER
We europeans pronounce it as gif. Not Jif or whatever that is...
Am I the only one that's brain couldn't decide so it just decided to say G I F as in when saying the alphabet "G" "I" "F"
I'll pronounce it [zhif] from now on.
I disagree
It’s pronounced “Jod” not “god”
It can't be pronounced 'jif' since it isn't called Jraphics Interchangeable Format.
it's gif not jif wtf
this just proves the nonsense of the english alphabet, imagine having spelling contests 💀💀💀💀
Jiff
On Jod, I can't believe the people that don't pronounce it "Jif"
Thanks youtube and Shadow the hedgehog
Bro this guy is in the back rooms of the back rooms tho
ACTUALLY, fun fact: if you actually LOOK UP the word GIF in the GIF KEYBOARD, there’s a GIF that says   IT’S PRONOUNCED GIF   NOT  JIF!
i feel like it’s pronounced like gift without the t
w h a t .
Jif is a brand of peanut butter  This conversation is over.
i think its pronounced laurel
2:33 I used to read it as "Gee Eye Eff" lmao
hahaha i love these prenouciations but i’m dutch and believe when i day we made a third prenounciation
It’s Jeff obviously
ngl i think we automatically find ways to pronounce things easier, which is why JPEG is pronounced J-peg. this way we simply began pronouncing it as gif, though it's said "jif" is correct
i dont give a sh** if its supposed to be said jif, its always gonna be gif and no one is convincing me
If it was JIF ,it wouldve been called "Jraphics Interchange Format"
My argument is always "say "gift", take away the "t" ".
i agree, it is “jif”
I don’t think most people commenting have actually watched the video
GIF is pronounced /ɡʒɪf/
No it’s pronounced gif
I use GIF
It stands for "Graphics Inetchange Format". Do you say Graphics or Jraphics?
I always pronounce the individual letters so the problem's fixed
ᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠ
ᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠᅠ
People : It's Gif! Others : It's Jif! *Arguing* Psychos : G.I.F. or Yiff!!
I think its pronounced how its spelled. not "dzif"
Me an normie: who reads it... G-I-F
Just let me say G-I-F instead 😅
It’s Jiff idc what anyone says
The only conclusion you can come to after watching this video is that English is stupid
the redfin text true they
Am I the only one the pronounces it G I F.
Don't worry I call it gayf
It's Graphics Interchange Format. and yet the creator called it "jif"           It's just my opinion that it's called "gif" alright
"Its Gif!", " Its Jiff" Me: read GIF as per letter* "jee aye eff"
gif is it idc what the creator says
Gif as in gift
i just got an ad and it's says: "it's like you will watch Tom Scott" wtf
Imagine one day God descended to this world just to say: it is pronounced "Jod"
"It's a victory for the Jiffers".  Dear god why.
Today I learned scuba is an acronym
It's  G.I.F
Gif makes sense because people say jif jif Is a peanut butter
Idk I always thought it way pronounced gif
So I actually pronunce it correctly 😂🥳 I say /ʤɪf/ because I'm Italian and here G is pronunced "ʤ" and GH is pronunced "g" 🤷🏻‍♂️
oh my jod, psycolinjuistics is really jreat to become more knowledjeable!
GIF, for me, is abbreviated right? So, i read it G.I.F. like it was 3 letters to be pronounced.
Jraphic
For some reason I've always pronounced it as "G-I-F"
JIF is a brand of peanut butter. Therefor, GIF gets the hard G.
I pronounced it G I F
Its Gih-if Gif. Because graphic starts with the hard G
Graphics Interchange Format........ Jraphics.
I wil trust Oxford English Dictionary on this one.
The fact that to say it's prounced jif means u have to change the spelling to state that fact kind of proves it is gif not jif.
The inventor is just one of a team and the whole team disagrees with them, it is  100% hard g
If its jif, then ur a jey
I say gee I ef
Its diff now
the fact that jif people describe how it’s pronounced by literally writing a different word and still think they’re right baffles me  i mean obv that’s not the point of the video but still
I always pronounce it "Gif", with a hard g. Pronouncing it with a soft g just makes it sound like I want peanut butter. (Jif and Jam, anyone?)
Just say G.I.F   easy fix
D I f f
did i just watch a video about the right pronunciation of gif?
Whos here after seeing that sonic video? 🤣🤣🤣
0:23. Wow, Shadow wasn’t lying.
My life has been a lie.
I've always said "Jif" cuz I thought the way "Gif" rolled off the tongue sounded ugly and unpleasant. It felt like it was missing one letter, I guess it's cause it reminds me so much of "gift"
Title: I’m playing on both sides so I’ll always end out on top.
It’s pronounced gesus and jod
jee ay ef
The fact that you have to describe the pronunciation of Gif with anything but "g" is evidence enough for me that it's Gif as in graphics.
Im still so confused……… huh
If I see anyone pronounce it like "jif" I will punch them
Sonic
i have no respect for this language.
Tbh I pronounce this as G-I-F.
I pronounce it G I F just like you'd say png as three letters.
The example with jpeg is dumb cause photographic has a ph which is different than a regular p which is why it’s not pronounced jpheg, the other examples however are valid
I do like pronouncing it like *'yiff'*
Everyone is wrong, it's pronounced "Greg."
It’s obviously pronounced GIF. Cmon people
Jiv somebody a jift today, I love jivving my friends jifts.
Everyone is wrong its pronounced Greg
I like to pronounce it as Jif cuz it feels uncomfortable on my jaw. But as long as you know what the other person is saying, it's okay 👍.
I like gif personally
Here in Brazil we call it "guife"
Since it's an acronym for Graphic Interchange Format, wouldn't just be "G. I. F."?
its actually pronounced greg
pov: you pronounce it G-I-F and you’re waiting for your moment to shine
Now I want a video about certain Red and Blue Halo characters pronouncing E.M.P as Emp
I forgot what I use to call it by now I call it gif
I mean, the inventor of gif was an american, aka the worst nation when it comes to pronouncing things which even slightly deviates from standard english
I thought it was about jiffy peanut butter.........
Always change your pronunciation words like this; Choose Chaos.
it is gif
It's pronounced d3if. Duh.
No no no Its jiffy peanut butter Problem solved
The guy who named it was a dingus. People are going to say GIF if it’s named GIF.
dont judge me but I pronounce it as gif every time
I prefer to call it gif
I don’t give a damn. It’s pronounced GIF not GIF. Honestly don’t understand why you guys actually say GIF instead of GIF.
General is pronounced as jeneral is what i learned today
BOO
You gonna pronounce God as Jod???
It’s actually pronounced “Greg”
Inventor: it’s jiff 70% people: gif 30%: dgif That one weird group: it’s yiff guys, come on 70%:… 30%:    Inventor: *i have given up*
Jehtt's GIF video was based on this, there's no way
Eh, English is already hard for everyone. 日本語が話せましょう。
Soft g-ers have long since accepted that hard g is more common, and we let them say it however they want But they just have to constantly come back and tell us how stupid we are and how they're objectively correct for... just the worst reasons. That's when the gloves come off.
Q
I just spell it out because it's an acronym, not a word 🤷🏽‍♂️ arguing about its pronunciation is pointless when it isn't even a word.
Its yif.
Yall are all wrong it's pronounced geff
*gif
i spell it out g i f
Gonna start calling graphics like "Jraphics"
Here's the thing... There's already a .jif image file. How are we supposed to differentiate between .jif and .gif if they sound the same, if not by pronouncing it differently?
It’s pronounced G-I-F😎
Jif
This video was recommended after I watched the video of Sonic and Shadow discussing about this exact same topic XD
I will pronounce it as Jif when it's spelled Jif.
I think I use both the pronunciations!
I'm just gonna say 'g i f' each word separated
Graphics is NOT pronounced JRAPHICS!!!
Actually by saying it backwards (FIG) the G is pronounced as G not J so GIF should be pronounced with G 😂 (no i agree that both are correct i just think its funny expanding the arguement like this 😂)
I actually never watched this video, so I don’t actually know which is right and which is not
Well, it's one letter off of gift, so that's why I think it'd be gif with a guh not a juh sound.
'O'reo or 'OR'eo
I'm afraid that 4 280 088 who watched this don't care
it is obviously gaive
"It's pronounced JIF not GIF" WHY? Just because you invented the format?  It's pronounced as the majority pronounce it - get off your high horse.
Graphics interchangeable format.  Gif. Thank you I will take my medal now
I know I'm late, but the reason I've always pronounced gif with a hard g was because I have a lot of jif peanut butter, and I know jif and gif are written and pronounced differently.   Now the real question is why are we arguing about this when it's clearly a subjective topic.
0:55 I mean of course a Brit would make this argument 🤣 For more information, look up the etymology of aluminum/aluminium.
Gif stands for Graphic Interchanging Format there is no J
I pronounce it g.i.f
I prefer to call it GIF because it sound like .JFIFF wich is a JPEG based format used by photographs.
It’s gif not jiff you pray to God not Jod
Wrpng its pronounced džif
it is actually G.I.F
Ji Eye Ef
Me who says the word in separate letters: ok
I can't believe a shitpost where Sonic and Shadow arguing about this brought me to this place
Jif
I thought people said it like G.I.F ?
Damn thats a nice jif you got there
The word "Gif" (not the acronym) is pronounced "yiff"
I pronounce it with a hard G, because it’s easier, jiff doesn’t roll off the tongue as easily to me, and if someone gives me a hard time about it, I’m like “dude really? Does it really matter?”
It's pronounced Charles.
t's pronounced Gif, obviously
Well if it's pronounced jif why isn't it spelled jif smhh
I prefer to say looped moving jpeg
Love how most of this is inspired by Sonic
Actually it’s pronounced Yii-bu-cul-lat-bel-cle As told by the spelling Gif
Both incorrect its pronounced *jeff* 😏
i dont gif a damn
I’ve never even said GIF out loud and this is stressing me out so I guess I never will
Graphics. Interchange. Format. GIF. It isn't JIF, because then it'd be Jraphics Interchange Format.
In italy it's easier. We say dzif cause every g+i is a "dzi", like gin, gist. In order to make us read gi like gift the word should be written down as "ghift"  italian "ghi" is internaitonal "gi" italian "gi" is international "dzi"  So there's no way we'll say GIF like Gift... unless we wanna show off how hypster we are
Just call it G-I-F  matter settled
And then there's me who always use 'G-I-F' (gee-i-ef)
and here i am pronouncing it as g-i-f
I call it g-i-f
Y'all pronounce it? I say it as "G.I.F."
its gif but because im used to it ill just say jif dont jude me ok
It's g i f
Just pronounce G  I F
It's gif now. Too bad, too late
its actually pronounced Graphics interchange format, learn your facts kids
It's not a peanut butter brand so no, it's not Jif
This language is so inconsistent, what the hell?
And Here I say G I F 😐
in other languages we don't ever use the letter G to say things that sound like they would be pronounced with J. Gif is more popular than Jif because Jif makes 0 sense in almost every other language
People arguing about jif or gif while I am pronouncing it G.I.F
TIL laser is an acronym...
I just call it G I F (jee eye eff)
I prefer G I F
It’s jif
is bottle of water a boel oh waer
Oh well I say it G-I-F
it's gif not gif
That one person who says it G.I.F 🗿
Yes gift
Nah bro it's G.I.F
When u say G-I-F
Humans invent words, so i say words however i like
Well, seems like Jif it is
I have always spelled it out, "dʒɪaɪɛf"
i love gifs
Well now I just call it G.I.F now instead of gif or jif
Everyone: **Argues about how it's pronounced**  Me, a Romanian that HAS to pronounce the 'g' beside 'i' as a combination of 'j' and 'z': Umm...
Mmm yes a jraphics card
Thanks I thought it was gif
also data is pronounced data and not data
Is it pronounced peanut butter?
me who reads it as jee ay ef
nO iTs PrOnOuNcEd JiF
my name's Jeff
I pronounce it G. I. F. (literally the letters one by one). I am a monster.
I read it as Jee-Ay-Eff
Idc ppl who say “gif” and not “jif” are just wierdos and I don’t associate with them. It’s like putting milk before cereal
People who say G.I.F spelled out  * Gigachad image *
I say jif because I like peanut butter and also gee is pronounced jee
“guys pronounce it gif”
its obviously pronounced "yif"
What is this jif peanut butter??
For the longest time I called it a G-I-F until like a year ago
idc lmfao
In my native language I say gif but in english I say jif lmao
IT SHOULD BE PRONOUNCED G-I-F
I always thought it was pronounced "jiff" but I fell in line with the "giff" crowd because everyone called it "giff".  I'll now return to the "jiff" pronunciation because you can't stop me.  Yes, I say "router" and "route" with an "oo" sound. No, I'm not British. "Who cares"? You, who bothers to reply.
I'll go with the smoother pronounciation because it is smoother, which makes it right. To hell with everything else.
look, until it stops feeling janky, unnatural, incomplete, and condescending pronounced with a hard G i will always use the soft G, try to convince me otherwise and i'll start using The Forbidden Knowledge
As an Asian I perfectly agreed it's pronounced gif
" G I F "
I think the argument "gif" is "ghiff" because its not pronounced "jraphic" makes no sense because its physiks and yet its a physisian, not physikian. The moment there's a softening, it happens, regardless of the root words. Also I don't see why people would pronounce it as ghiff while at the same time pronounce shogi as "shojee".
Ah yes, GIF. Which, as we all know, stands for "Japhics file format"  There's clearly a very wrong answer here, idk how this is a debate.
others battling over jif and gif me: G.I.F (only me? ok...)
i actually pronounce GIF as  G, I, F.
It's Jeff, because when you say letter G,I,F fast enough, it becomes Jeff. You simply can't deny the letter pronounciations like CIA, FBI, BBC.
Its not gif and its not jiff. Its jeffry
Just say G. I. F.
Shadow said jiff so it must be true, all hail shadow
Is that some tipe of internet troll thing? Because "yiff" is the reference of furry naughtys
No thanks
I say gif epbecause in my country, g is ge not similar to j. So yes
It’s pronounced Gif, Stephe.
It's pronounced Gregg
People debating whether it’s “gif” or “jif”**  Meanwhile to the escaped psychopaths: people saying it “G I F”
The inventor is wrong
i will kill anyone who pronounces jif
A great example of why English needs accent marks.
The right answer is to pronounce it as hif. If the Ukrainians can do it so can you
Lmao I prounounced it Jif and all made fun of me  And now..
Wait it's not pronounced G I F?
Why is English like English??
I just pronounce it like the g in genre
I just call it a graphic interphase file
Cool.  Too bad it's gif not jif
I always pronounce it as "ji-ay-ef"
Its obviously pronounced *GIF (Jee-aye-eff)
Me who pronounces it G I F (I say all the letters respectively):
"Don't you mean *G* eneral?
Actually the creator said that it’s pronounced yif
I’m sorry but when I say gift I don’t say jift.
Its gif not gif get it right
*graphics interchange format*
i prefer jiffy rather than  jif
its biff
Graphics Interchange Format. It's gif with a hard G. Cope.
this is why english is dumb
No it's pronounced Greg
Hard G GIF is the way to go, if only because we already have JIF peanut butter, and we should avoid creating new homophones whenever possible.
I didn’t know that it was pronounced d3if
I used to call it G   I    F appart when i was younger
I pronounce it G-I-F
JIF IS PEANUT BUTTER
It's literally the word 'gift' without the T, if you're gonna call it jiff, then say "I'm jifting you a present"
When proven wrong find a way to seem right and ignore the actual facts-ppl who say Gyf and not gif
Wait, you guys pronounce it like “gif”?
ive pronounced gif jif my whole life so let me pronouce it the way i want to
No, it's not pronounced Yiff
I go with the hard G. It's one letter away from "gift".
BRO ITS PRONOUNCED GIF!
Nice
Isn't your argument self contradictory because there are people that pronounce differently and therefore it doesn't matter how u say it because both sides say it?
0:24 LMFAO!!!!!!!!!!!! yeh I get your point but STILL HAHHAHA
Shadow the hedgehog is right once again.
People: No!!! It's pronounced "gif" not "jif"!!!!! Me, an intellectual: Jee Eye Eff
Gentrification - Shadow
Idk about your guys but I pronounce it gif
Galaxy brains say G.I.F
It’s jif 😡
I really say"gife"
Turks: don't pronounce the g
I am italian and we all say jif
G.I.F. is a definitive answer
I use both. At one time i say it with a hard g and the other time i say it as dj
It’s pronounced “jif”
yes i is yes good grammar boi good yes
Imagine God comes down one day and just goes "it's pronounced jod, not god"
Gift should count for more it literally has Gif contained within it.
“Graphics” starts with a hard G… therefore it’s pronounced GIF not JIF… the end. 🤷‍♂️
I’m just gonna say “j-ie-f” where the I says it like eye
Hi u were on a Wilbur soot try not to laugh
my names giftson...
its pronounced gif like lasagna
gyfe like life
I suggest we just pronounce gif as yiff because nobody likes that
I thought it'd be "G-I-F"
Been calling it jee aye eff forever
I used to pronounce it as gee eye eff
it's pronounced jyf...
I don't care what it really is, I will never pronounce it as jif, gif will by default be right for me.
**Going to mental breakdown**
Its gif, not gif
Just say if
Lets all collectively agree this video doesn't exist.
I personally pronounce it gif
nah it's bif
I user to pronounce doge as "dogué"
I started the day by a video where Shadow and Sonic were having this conversation. And now I realize my life is a lie. It’s JIF, Laser is a acronym… what’s next??
The title surely helps
Dafuq
i say Gee eye eff
Well thank goodness, in Hungarian language, we don't have multiple pronounciations of the letter 'G' so it's pronounced /gif/ and this should be it at this side of the language universe..... i sincerely hope.
Its gyf
Creators of a word can only describe how **they** pronounce the word.  They have no ability to say what the "correct" pronunciation of it is, because pronunciation of words is a social construct.    If the creator of a word got to decide how it was pronounced, do you know how we'd be pronouncing the word "between" today?  Betweox.  And that's only if the guy who made the Latin word "inter" doesn't pipe up!
*sonic & shadow flashbacks intensify*
no its pronounced "ghif"
I always used to call it G I F instead lmao
Is it "Graphical Interchange Format", or "Jraphical Interchange Format"?..
its pronounced "jit"
Get out of my recommended right now
Overanalysing at its best
I pronounce it  G I  F  And it’s seperate
It's GIF
It is Graphics Interchange Format. Not Djaphics Interchange Format.
Here you go Shadow. Sonic was right.
Actually, it's pronounced "Graffic Interchange Format"
sonic video
And then there's me who pronounce G.I.F. letter by letter 😐
Don’t worry we will only pronounce JIF In next generation english
Gr-In-Fo
Gift doesn't sound great as jift  Happy birthday I bought for you this jift  Oh a jift? Not a gift?  This is how people are shot and killed for no good reason.
"G" in my native language is pronounced "G" not "J" so when I still bad at english I read it "GIF" and after knowing what it is I prefer "JIF" but I used to say "GIF" instead of "JIF" so... ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I pronounce it with hard G because it's Slavic pronouncation
People saying djiff are really just openly saying they belong in a insane asylum.
that is why english is stupid
Its just a thing in america or uk in other countries g is just g not đ
bro i didnt understand anything
I ACTUALLY USED TO PRONOUNCE IT AS GYF LIKE I LONGATED THE I
WHO CARES!
It's pronounced jef
I dont know what was the point of this video Ive been spelling it correctly.Look, "GIF"
Yikes, I actually pronounce it like this and everyone keeps saying the way i pronounce it is wrong
GIFFFFF
english is stupid
I agree, it's totally gif.
If I have this argument again Im permanently switching to the old English call it yiff
if gif is "jif" then google is "joojle"
I'll still saying it's wrong pronounce it "jif"
why is it even a debate? it stands for Graphics Interchange Format, so if you pronounce it Jif then what do you pronounce graphic with J too?
I call it gif because in my mother language we don't have a sound like english j....we do actually but it's dž not j or g as j is y and g is k.....anyways in Slovakian it has to be gif not jif so i have to say it like that..... Thank you for coming to my Ted talk
Idfk about you but 70 to 30 IS a landslide.
I just say the letter g then the letter I and then the letter F
yes and MMORPG are meuporg
I'm so happy I speak Polish, so we don't have such dilemmas. 😅
It's pronounced GIF.
Do you call it a jraphics card? I don't think so.
j-pheg
As a non English speaker (Polish): gif with a hard G is a no brainer. The debate of whether it's a "j" or  a "g" is a perfect example of what a mess the debate about English pronunciation can devolve into.
i will say gif with a g and no one stop me
its jif
Gif and Yiff are completely different things ye
No, it’s gif!
Ghif Vs jiff? I spell it gee eye eff...
It's supposed to be Jiff gdi! If you use gif, it's okay, but just because majority agree on something, doesn't mean it's right...  Double standards, racism, hatred and other negative things are majority throughout the world in some form or shape... But that doesn't make them right.
Ima just avoid this whole debate by pronouncing each letter.
It’s pronounced gif not gif
my head hurts
I knew I was right.
Its pronounced GIF not JIF.
I pronounce it gee i eff
Gif 😎
I remember that I had a very strong opinion about this. I just can't remember what it was.
come on everyone knows it’s actually pronounced “jife”
Thumbnail showing one of them as D3IF??
Gif not gif
People who think it’s jif have no brain like there head would feel so damn light it’s actually gif
Gif can be pronounced in any way, I just say geef
so evryon nows...                      GIF IS GIF!!!
It’s pronounced gif not gif, ya git
I couldN’T care less.
I pronounce it by saying the letters like G I F
its really G.I.F
It’s pronounced peanut butter, just accept it
Its gif
Uhhh... what's the verdict on us blokes who pronounce it as G-I-F?
I'm right you're wrong, end of story
▓▒░░▒▓
It's definitely pronounced gif, not "dif", given that "gift" has an F after the I and it's pronounced GIFT, not DIFT
Its pronounced, "Idgaf"
Let's not forget the teeny tiny chance it's called yif
Just call it G I F
I call it Gif cause Jif is peanut butter
I don't even pronounce it I just say G.I.F
I don't agree. I pronounce it gjee Ei Ef/ G I F said individually
Jraphics. Internet. Format. Wow.
I’ve only seen people clickbait a thumbnail, never a title.
I think it’s pronounced “gif”.
Easy answer for me i'm german and i just give my german pronunciation so it's gif not jif for me
Its gif because you aint saying jif unless you want to be "technically righter than everyone else since thats what the autor said"
That is the perfect Clickbait
They’re all wrong. It’s obviously “Gīf”.
well im still gonna say gif
i wonder, could /ɡɪf/'s prominence be related with how only a few languages actually use or romanize /dʒ/ with G? /ɡ/ gets consistently written as G, while /dʒ/ uses J or other letter combinations.
its gif
It's definitely gif
Meanwhile I say G I F as separate letters cause that's what an acronym truly is.  Someone saying "The Fires of War" shouldn't say TFoW as an actual word, but they'll try to anyway.
ITS GIF NOT JIF SHUT UP
“Are you from Gillingham?” “Oh, no, I’m from Gillingham.”
compromise, gjif
people who say it like Jif finna go up to the pearly gates of heaven and call god "jod" and get sent straight back down to hell
It’s pronounced Gif like the peanut butter
Nah nah nah, ya'll saying it wrong. It's pronounced "Greg"
gif
I pronounce it [dʒɪf]
I called it gif I guess I will switch
the maker said jif, so its jif
There are three endings to this story; Good:we live in a democracy and the people say “gif” Neutral:the maker of it chose “jif” Bad:historically it was pronounced “yiff”
Cool cool but G if
I say it like "jee-eye-eff". Since it's an acronym, each letter is pronounced at a time. And you're not going to say "guh-eye-eff".
"its pronounced JIF" 🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓
I say YIFF
I know its pronounced "gif" but my question to you is what's with the guraffe and the weird spelling next to it?
All I can think of is that one sonic video
might switch to gif, since i say jif but i say gift instead of doing jif + t = jift
I say gif cuz for gift you say gif-t so gif not jif
It's gif not gif. end of story
I prefer jif honestly.
It's pronounced GIF actually
I legit spell it out when I say it because I don’t wanna get judged for “mispronouncing” it
there wouldn't be any problems with that if the english language had clear rules for pronouncation
I promised Maria revenge
I’m gonna pronounce it yiff, and nobody can stop me. Also, yes, I know what yiff means.
"I jave javin a jift" - people who pronounce it as "jif"
I say GEEZ Ï EFFE
People pronouncing it gif, not gif :skull:
Hard G. Reason I say this is because it is an acronym for Graphics Interchange Format in which Graphics is pronounced with a hard G.
Anyone else get this recommended after seeing Jehtt’s Sonic vs Shadow about this same topic? XD
It’s pronounced GIF
I just don't understand why people are so fixated on this. Some words have multiple acceptable pronunciations. GIF is simply one of them.
Didnt even know this was a debate. I always used to pronounce it JIF.
The creator of PUBG also said it's pronounced "PUBEY GEE"
Am I a menace for pronouncing it as the acronym itself, “G.I.F”?
TIL laser is an acronym.
You didn't reference the Sonic voiceover 😭
Me who reads it G-I-F  LAUFGS HYSTERICALLLY
english doesnt have well rounded rules so just talk to way you want
Its pronounced "yiff"
My thought process is "Gift" is pronounced with a hard G, so if you take away the t, the G is left the same. Gif.
I spell "gif" because in my native language "g" is always "g".
It's obviously pronounced "gif"
I say gif not jif cause in my language there's only one way you prenounce g therefore that version is more like how I usually say it
On Brazillian Portuguese , the corret pronunciation is like JIF , because the letter G only gets the "G" before I or E when it is folowed by an "U" in the middle , and it not GUIF , it is GIF , so grammaticaly speaking on Brazillian Portuguese , the correct pronunciation is JIF , but i still say GIF
I pronounce neither of them.   I pronounce G-I-F
But we say get with a hard g
No! Its pronounced GIF!
The way its pronounced is how you want it to be. Thats english.
i have a friend who gets around this whole arguement by just spelling G.I.F
I've returned to let you know that this video is the reason I pronounce "JPEG" like "JFEG"
We all know it's pronounced Yiff
It’s gif, not gif
just say "gjif" or "jgif" smh
How 'bout we call it G. I. F
I go hard G, because Jif is a peanut butter brand.
Shadow: You just hate me beacuse im right Sonic: i just hate you in General Shadow: You mean in "GUEneral"? Sonic: Argh! Im "JOing" to kill you.
I just say g-i-f
Hear me out They spell it jif not gif  I rest my case
April fools? This is April fools right? Right? Please?
if gif is pronounced "jif" how do you pronounced jif then?
I just say jee (as in JEsus) ay (Like ayyyyy whats up homie) ef (Like the letter F)
I always just said the letters one by one.  g-i-f
I pronouce GIF and not JIF, its because in my country of Poland we dont pronouce G as J.
I knew it was gif not gif silly people
I say "gɪf"
I admit hard g is the right way but I say jif cuz its easier to say
“It’s pronounced JIF”  “Huh?”  “.JIF, like the peanut butter. The creator said so.”  “That’s dumb. It’s Graphics Interchange Format.”
Then that means jeneral is pronounced "general"
I, too, pronounce it GIF. Or should I say, .gif
Y'all pronouncing it wrong, it's pronounced "Greg".
Fun fact what is off topic: im hispanic and people never know that im saying "cámara" in spanish instead of "camera" in english They understand the english one but I say the spanish one Idk i wanted to tell it
yiff pronounciation for life
its gif not gif
Yiff is the correct way to say it, if you look it up you can find the interesting history behind it
You know what I’m just gonna say what I want and not try to correct people who don’t say it like me
No it is not pronounced yiff
Jee Eye Eff
It's obviously pronounced geyardf
Maybe it's pronounced "yiff"
YEESSSSS I WAS RIGHT
It's .gif, not .jif .
I thought it was g I f
Legends pronounce it G-I-F
Isn't it GIF? Because it stands for Graphics Interchange Format
Anyone tries to convince me it’s “jif” and I’ll tell ‘em to jo to hell
Jif guys having a mental breakdown after trying to tell their friend James that they wanna play some games
Jrafics?
It is now YIF, now neither group can be happy
nah it's yif
When I speak in swedish, I pronounce it Gif but I pronounce it Jif in English. I think it's because the letter "G" in Swedish is pronounced "GE" while in English it's pronounced "Jee".
It's pronounced jif and if you disagree you don't understand linguistics
Imagine if like god came down to earth, and was just like "it's pronounced jod." And then just left lmao
This is about whether it is peanut butter you put out, or not.  Give me celery and the peanut butter for the rest of my life, and I will definitely give it every sponsorship it could ever want.
JIF🇮🇹🇷🇴🇮🇹🇷🇴🇮🇹🇷🇴
I say gif
Yiff :3c
😔
what kinda accent is that prounciation? american detroit english or welsh england english?
Now if only we can tell if schedule is pronounced "skedule" or "shedule". No matter your opinion, I'm just going to point out school is not "shool"
gif
If the creator says its "jif" then I'll say it as "jif"
No, it is not pronounced “Yiff”
What about G-I-F? Saying each letter individually?
Hey its knopit ahhhhgghhh
"Gift"
Nerd
For me its gee i eff or G I F
As non native english speaker I found hard G more natural in it.
Its not Jraphics Interchange Format is it
Think about this okay it is called “graphic interchangeable format” if we call it “JIF” then we get “jraphic interchangeable format” and that isn’t what it called it’s a “graphics card” not a “jraphics card”  so it gif plus isn’t JIF tm
Creator: it's pronounced Jif Me: then spell it with a J
The P in JPEG may stand for “Photographic,” but it’s only taking the P, so it makes sense that it’s pronounced “peg.”
You have signed your death warrant
Gioff
I wonder what deaf people think about this argument
IT PRONOUNCED JIF
Today I discovered "laser" and "scuba" are acronyms
Average gif fan  Average animated pictures enjoyer
There’s already a peanut butter pronounced jif so I have to go with gif on this one
GIF is a food
I say G-I-F
It's "gif"
this argument reminds me of a funny jpheg, let me send it to you all
Honestly Idgaf I'm still calling it "GIF" not "JIF"
"Its pronounced rules"
It's pronounced yiff.
Jif is the dang peanut butter! I do not care if the creator says it's jif the real pronunciation is gif
If JPEG is pronounced "Jay" and then "Peg", then obviously GIF should be pronounced "Jee" and then /if/.
JIF is a ducking peanut butter!!!
Good news: we know how to pronounce it  Bad news: it’s “yiff”
No
I pronounce it as gif too!
ITS GIF NOT JIF
I have literally never met anyone who said gif with this hard g thing
team jif
OR IS IT?!
The fact that the people who pronounce it Jif have to write Jif to make their point because Gif already makes you think of the correct pronunciation means that they already know they're wrong from the very start.
i say G I F tho
Its jif
Shadow was partly right. @Jehtt
No it’s pronounced greg
it's jif i would have to say, because idk, if the dude who made the word says it's jif, i personally find that to be good enough reason to pronounce it that way, and i used to pronounce it gif, but i don't really care if you pronounce it gif or jif, and neither should you
"yif"
old english yif
We already use it for peanut butter, we don't need more confusion.
The creator is just a peanut butter fanboy
British
Shadow was correct sonic.
I went to pronouncing it like gif but recently I started pronouncing it like gif
somehow these people debate about a word GIF and they could stop and just use both sound and put them into the dictionary
The creator literally said how to say it..... Can we stop saying it wrong from now on?
Gem is pronounced "Jem", not "Gem" Gin is pronounced "Jin", not "Gin" Gist is pronounced "Jist", not "Gist" And GIF is pronounced "Jif", not "Gif"
Graphics interchange format
FALSE, it's pronounced Greg or jeff
Steve Wilhite died recently. Guess he's with Jod now.
That's dumb, it's Graphic Interchange Format
What about GYF
IT’S PRONOUNCED AS JGIFT
Old Eglish naysnit'snproouced Yiff
Me who pronounces it as G-I-F:
Linguistics: We accept you on this council, but we shall not give you the rank of master. GIF inventor: This is outrageous! ...it's unfair!
I say G I F not jiff or giff. I say the letters.
I'm hispanic... so...  Sigue siendo Gif. Jsjsjsj xd
Arajorn is the rijhtful kinj of Jondor
Just pronounce it like this...  Gif
The word "GIFT", without the T sound. End of the debate.
The entire argument is the same thing as bullying someone for their accent in the end.  ...why the hell do people care? Song writers can choose aGAIN to rhyme when they'd normally use again and it is acceptable.  I say GJIF because in the end it is all equally stupid.
Im still gonna pronounce it gee-ff
Purrhaps the word gif is purronounced with the G from Genre
the inventor is just a peanut butter fanboy
I pronounce it gif with a hard g Because I'm German
This is why I like French.
Shadow says it's pronounced GIF, Sonic says it's pronounced GIF. Gentrification.
Gif. The correct answer is gif.
It's pronounced GIF. English is made by the way people talk. More people say GIF. If you keep arguing it has to be jif, get a life.
Mf fell into the backrooms 💀
in german there are basicly no words where it is pronounced with j so its easy for me
Džif lmao
It's gif not gif
Gif gif gif or I’ll burn every dictionary
And the least unhelpful title of all time goes to Veritasium! Congratulations
Æ
I major in English and here’s a little tip: Don’t try to determine who’s wrong and right. If you want to call [gif], fine then just say so. And vice versa. There is no particular rule for pronuncing a word. People change and Word changes too.
I'm just gonna say "Have you seen this cool Graphics Interchange Format I sent you?". It's gonna be more tedious, for sure, but at least that settles the debate.
its pronounced GIF, not "dzif"
According to English it’s jiff, but I still call it giff
I love how the new Sonic & Shadow version happen to use these exact examples like laser and JPEG in the video
huh? i was always pronouncing it letter by letter like kfc. like g-i-f. thats weird
I said it as G-I-F like each letter not like a word
If the creator of the term has to use a different spelling to illustrate his point, then he's wrong.
It’s pronounced “graphics interchange format” not “gif” B)
I call it G-I-F separately
It's pronouced "greg"
Doesn't this also applies to GILF?
Mace Windows: “You may have invented the word... but we do not grant you the right to choose the pronunciation.”
The G in Gif stands for Graphic, thus its pronounced Gif
It’s been so long I can’t even remember which side I am on
I just say if
I say gif not jif because you say Graphics not Jraphics
Doctor? Is that you?
Why are we having this conversation 😂
I just usually end up spelling it out; like g-i-f...
IMO if you have to explain what it's pronounced with a "J" like Jiff then by default it's already Gif as in Gift.
It's a shame that even the creator of something can be so wrong about their own creation
Most words that have multiple pronunciations I just use them all interchangeably
lets just mash them  together and say "gjif"
because you people can't make up your minds I'm calling it "g i f" like png
It’s g.i.f check great big story Jacques Bailey video
easy, just pronounce it Yiff
Its actually pronounced gif not gif it just doesnt make sense, saying gif rather than gif will make you sound stupid just say gif.. SAY IT RIGHT
i pronounce it in both ways, dunno. funny tho thank you for the great vid!
Ya
This is why english's grammar sucks
You look 16, but are clearly in your 40s
It's actually pronounced "jod"
It’s pronounced YIFF
Idc how people pronounce stuff. They're gonna do what they're gonna do. I know hickerbillies who say tortilla with English double l, and quesadilla how it's spelled,  because "they're american!" BUT THEY STILL PRONOUNE THE 'J' IN JALAPEÑO AS AN 'H'. You can't have it both ways dangit!
Too annoyed about Gillingham and Gillingham to remember the original argument
Ive always pronounced it like gift, given that Im a spanish native speaker, and g is gift most of the time (even tho gif would be read hif in spanish)
I used to interchangeably use Gif and Jif, but eventually I started to only say Jif. Not sure where I picked it up, but that just feels right to me…
You know what. Screw it /ɣɪf/
I'm going back to calling gif 'gif' instead of 'gif.'
I say it's hard g because we already have a file extension .jif, so wtf are you supposed to pronounce that as if .gif has a j sound?
The G stands for graphics. And you don't pronance it /Jraphics/. So it is GIF with a /G/ and not /J/. Atleast that is my opinion. And I find it easy to say it that way too.
I think GIF is pronounced GIF
Giphy. I’ll do it in a jiffy. Quick, small amount of time
gif /gif/                       see?
you all shut up, it is pronounced .GREG
Its pronounced GIF because there is no J in GIF
Linguists: "It's pronounced GIF!" "No, JIF!"  Some British guy: "Ello Govna, where's me bo'ol o' wo'a"
no, you got it all wrong its yif
'gif' with the hard G just doesn't roll out of the mouth as well as 'jif'
the solution is obvious,  jif is peanut butter gif is a gif
"Graphics Interchange Format" the own creator is stupid Lmao\
good news: gif is actually a word in old English bad news: it's pronounced yiff
IS GIF YOU DOO DOO FECES LIKERS
This is why being raised speaking Ukrainian/Russian was easier: here it's definitely GIF.
People who pronounce"Gif" "Jif" being sent to hell for meeting "God" and calling them "Jod"
I will call it David
Out of curiosity, are there any words that contain "gif" in them, where the g is pronounced "j"?, like, in gift it's "g"ift, words like that that would have it be read as "jif" in them.
I just called it G I F for the whole time.
g-eye-fee
Jehtt did this simpler.
This entire debate is just native English speakers coming frustratingly close to the realisation that their language has subpar, inconsistent orthography.  Not to hate on English, it's got its upsides, but you cannot "read" English. You learn letter sequences by heart that you've accepted mean a word with little in the way of system or consistency throughout the language as a whole.  But this also won't change.
sheesh
You know what? I will call it Jay-pheg and Lahser then
I pronounce it “jif” cuz tbh it’s easier to say
Someone else here after Sonic and Shadow arguing over it?
Jiff is a peanut butter brand?
The inventor of gif: it’s pronounced Jif! Not Gif! The internet: I’m going to pretend you didn’t say that
GIF is a proper noun? So the creator decides? It's like ignoring how a Person or family pronounces their names.
People who say GIF vs people who say GIF
I think it comes down to an overlap issue. Where you say GIF like Gain, Grab, ect. Its unique and therefore people will know what you're talking about immediately, where as if you say GIF like JIF then the confusion arises because people tend to associate that with a peanut butter brand.  I'm probably overthinking it like most people but ill stick with calling it GIF just cause I've been browsing the webz for a long time and that was just how it was said back then. 🙃
I'm still thinking about gill and gill being obvious different words.
I don't think it's gif, i think it's gif instead. Why would anyone think it's gif?
I'm German and I've grown up reading it as gif with a [g] because that's just how the letter is pronounced here.
I always associated it with the word gift
Awesome as always 👍
GIF, as in Giraffical Interchange Format? I respect his right to be wrong, given that he's the creator of the format, but it's a bit like when the Nutella people try to say it's pronounced New-tella.
its pronouced jod
0:32 Fact: The Linguistic Mafia will run you over with a bus if you break your vows of descriptivism
Fact: The Linguistic Mafia will run you over with a bus if you break your vows of descriptivism
The creator says it’s jif
jif
Graphical Interchange Format
I just go with G I F when im with people who care about this
Jehtt stole the joke from this video
“Your wrong, Shadow!” “That image playing over and over in your head like a gif.” “It’s not the truth”
It's gif not jif because gift is not pronounced jift, and gift starts with gif.
One thing I find interesting about this particular word is that "jiff" is already a brand of cleaning product and "give" is very close to "gif" with a "ve" in place of the "f" like in some old text or something. I think those pre-existing words would have had some influence when it came to people pronouncing the new "gif".
It's "Gif."
jif
It's annoying to hear it pronounced gif, when it's clearly gif
Jiff is a cleaning product, so Gif makes sense. WAIT! Scuba is an acronym??? I'm 31, how did i not know this?
lmao i pronounce it differently if i speak in my native language (Spanish) or in english. in Spanish I say /gif/ and in english I say the other one
“Jif” wins me
Nah I think it’s pronounced GIF
But wouldn't it be Gif? Because it's Gift without the T?
I can confidently say that Gif is Gif.
anyone from jehtt?
I just pronounce it "G-I-F"
People who pronounce GIF like JIF going to hell because they called god “jod”
Fun fact: in my country laser pronounced "Las-uhr"
Me, who had been pronouncing it per letter (G.I.F.):  *"hmm, interesting"*
People who say jif should go pray to Jod
👍
My brain decided that both are correct...definitely gif and gif
I can't wait to open my Birthday Jifts 🙄
GIF: Graphics-Interchange-Format  There is no other argument. Thank you.
Gift but with NO "T"! Keep it simple.
THE REAL PROBLEMS OF THE WORLD!
I hate English language and the people that speak it. Which is myself.
you look like a lizard
i pronounce it gift.
i betcha most "gif" pronouncers pronounce scuba as "scubba" and laser as "lahser"
"It's pronounced JIF not GIF!" "Then why did you spell it JIF?"
Tom: Prescriptivists are wrong.  Also Tom: **Is a prescriptivist**
Guys I think I'm broken  Not only did I forget the way I usually pronounce it, I also can't choose one for the life of me
I prefer jif.
Jif is peanut butter and gif is the right word
Anyone that pronounces it with a hard G is not an old school computer person. Back in the day, all files were pronounced by their three letters (A.V.I., J.P.G., G.I.F., M.P.G....etc). Now, start saying G.I.F. letters over and over and faster, it evolves to the pronunciation JIF. Which is what happened back in the day when people were constantly referring to the G.I.F. file it eventually became JIF.   Now fast forward later when every started getting computers and seeing reference to a file with extension .GIF, without having the old school background or knowledge, they just say GIF with a hard G. It became a way to distinguish if someone knew their computer SH*T vs those who didn't at the time by the way they pronounced it.
Jif is a peanut butter...I'm calling Gif not peanut butter...
I guess the only way this problem will be solved is when a new format that supports animated graphics finally replaces GIF, I mean the format was released in 1987 and one of it functions was to present lossless images, a task PNG already took from it, in fact several animated image formats already exist and are way more efficient, the only thing holding them back is lack of universal adoption and support.
The correct answer is: “English, you messy …” Also: Rest In Peace, Steve.
HA, here's where being Italian, speaking a language born written helps. Here you say what you read. So, GIF is pronounced "JIF" because there's no H in GIT. If it was "GHIT", we would have pronounced "GIT". No room for error. And this is also why English is so confusing to us, there are no rules on pronounciation! :D
Well, here's one for descriptivism:  I am going to pronounce "Tom Scott" as "Sh!t Head" from now on.  And you should not and cannot judge me.  Or is this not the whole story?
As it's short for Graphic Interchange Format, I pronounce it with a hard G. If it were Giraffe Interchange Format, I'd use the dumb pronunciation.
RIP Steve Wilhite.
Now do “GUI”
HOW DARE YOU NOT GIVE ME ANSWER SHAME
Stephen Wilhite, the creator of GIF's just died.
"General Giraffe had the privilege of gently lodging a gem in his badge while caged, and was a giant fan of gin."
Why do people never learn that it's actually pronounced gif...
I think the creater gets to decide how it's pronounced.
as soon as i saw gif i thought it was jif then someone said gif so i went with that
its nuydif not gif or jif
me thinking it's pronounced G-I-F...
I prefer pronouncing it as “yiff”.
jif is peanut butter. Gif is moving picture
Remember that lots of languages do not have soft G's in their linguistics, so perhaps that explains a whopping 70% voting for hard G, myself included.
Am I the only one who says G-I-F?
GIF fk jif BS
Ok, let's pronounce it Yeif
Why do correct people (me) have to suffer so much?
“GIF” has the same G as “Garage”
Hmmmm this looks oddly familiar 😂😂😂😂 just less aggressive
This guy just talked about the pronunciation of one letter and I am captivated.
Could you do a video about zero copula?
I don't KNOW how it's pronounced, but I KNOW your way is WRONG! - Every human being ever
How about using J when it's the j sound? End of problem.
It’s like how people pronounce 🍅.
Old English pronunciation of gif was "yiff"      You're welcome
Ohh is tht so . I pronounce it as G I F.. (Seperate letters)
2:31 There, that pronounciation of GIF by Tom, that's your answer.
You're a riot!!!  Thanks for this very fun video!!  And yes, I have always pronounced out loud and in my head as.... "GIFF"!   ~Thanks for the laughs... think I will share this in a JIFF! har har 🤣
Idf
Must be the same weird people who say 'data' instead of 'data'.
As GIF is an acronym for Graphics Interchange Format I always thought it's logical to use the pronunciation from the "source"... the source being Graphics and not Jraphics.
I call it G I F
It's pronounced GHIF because you English-speaking folk already have a perfectly good letter for the JIF version - J. That's right, I'm dunking on all you nonphonemic orthographies out there!
The hard G pronunciation prevalence probably comes from how the G is pronounced in "gift", which is pronounced the same but without the "t".
I just sounded it out when i was 8
me who called G.I.F from the start: my goals are beyond your understanding
I always pronounced it G.I.F
oh no I'm not brave enough for politics
It's pronounced "Jif". End of story.  Also another thing that gets on my nerves is the pronunciation of the acronym GUID. I've heard one person calling it Goo or something to the effect of Guu. It's actually pronounced "GU - ID" so there are two syllables in the pronunciation.
the correct answer is German. It's pronounced "kif".
Another question is why does it matter? As long as one understands what you're trying to say, it can be a word where both pronounciations are okay.
In My language G is only pronounced as g not j so I always read it as gif not jif
Джиф Or Гиф
Happy new year Tom🥳
I worked in the pre-press side of the offset industry (all the way back to the birth of Photoshop and Illustrator) and witnessed how common language adopted tiff, gif, jpeg, pdf. In the industry, gif always had the hard "g". It's interesting or for those trying to learn the english language, that to say in its raw form, the letter "G" is pronounced: jee.
It’s pronounced G I F
Love the jraphics in your video
It’s “gif”
If you make a word you don't get to decide how it's pronounced? If that's how it works, then it shouldn't work like that. If you create something, all decisions regarding it belong to you. Anyone who doesn't pronounce it "jif" is wrong
Just like how i pronounce Imgur(Imagur as in "Imager") like "Er-muh-gger" don't know why but i just do.🙃🙃🙃
its jif
I have no idea why I feel so strongly about this! :D
We all know it’s pronounced like generous gorgeous George Gail
It's pronounced however you want to pronounce it. Language is about communication. As long as people that speak your language understand the concept you're trying to communicate, it's fine.  Why waste time use lot word when few do trick?
me who calls it jee i eff
Giraffe.
Here’s how my brain decided on how to say this, “Well that’s just gift without the t.” Done. Gif.
finally someone who brought up gift and that out of the gi word more have a hard G. its funny how everyone who goes for the soft g dosn't bring that up
A just call it GIF and not JIF because when i read it in my language It’s pronounced GIF not JIF and I get used to that
It's pronounced scone. End of.
my main issue with the soft g gif crowd is when they're trying to communicate that they say Gif with a soft G they spell it Jif
JPEG? You mean JPEJ, right?
Its yif.
If it was pronounced “JIF”, we could be handing some legal issues with the peanut butter makers “JIF”
i guess i always pronounced it right just because i hate how the more common way is pronounced. people have tried to correct me on it so many times, and it’s funny because the people who are wrong are always so confident about it
I've been pronouncing it as gif for as long as I've known it, and my tech head mates always mock me and say "NO! IT'S GIF! IDIOT"
I'm sorry to the creator of gif but no on has jood days, ir prays to Jod, jif is peanutbutter...
1:13
1:13
I say GIF because it don’t want to confuse it with the peanut butter brand.
me, an italian: it’s pronounced GIF not GHIF
Cynical take: I prounounce it /ɡɪf/ and like it that way. People know what I'm referring to regardless, so forcing myself into /dʒɪf/ is pointless.
I'm just not saying 'Jiff'.. also I don't care how the guy who invented it pronounces it he's American they pronounce alot of English words incorrectly. Good day.
"hey, come here" "I don't have much time" "It's pronounced-" "..."
SO ANNOYING!
I'm german, we don't confuse the pronunciation of J and G anywhere, so it's not an issue for us.
Ok so how do you pronounce it??? Like???? U didn’t tell us?????
Am I the only one who says G I F sometimes, like each letter individually?
Romani script was made by people lacking in brains.
In the Serbian language, each letter has its own sound that never changes. we just read the sound of that one letter and that's it, it's that simple.
am i the only one who says its seprately as G I F🤣🤣
Its gif, not jif.
Who cares how some dope thinks it should be pronounced! How is "gift" pronounced? Discussion over.
with the arguments tom scott provided, jif is the winning argument and gif is simply a result of people spreading around the word incorrectly.
it's pronounced Gee eye eff by the spelling bee pronouncer
0:39 pronunciation 0:50 pronunciation
If you think it's JIF, you're a GIT :-) :-) :-)
In French, if a g is followed by e or i its pronounced /ʒ/, otherwise it's pronounced   /g/. There are of course a few exceptions but that's the rule. So it's supposed to be pronounced   /ʒif/. Does that stop me from saying /gif/? Absolutely not
“The correct answer, is of course-“ * CRASH * oH nO oUr LaNgUaGe iT’s BrOkEn
Okay but do you pronounce .webm as "Web Em" or "Webum" ?
It's gif for sure not jif
It's pronounced Harkonnen.
Well just call it G.I.f
If it's pronounced jif than it should be spelled j I f
fun fact: in spanish, the pronunciation would be a soft g, as in the spanish word "girasol"
It's definitely pronounced with a hard G, because the most similar words to gif are gist and gift, but gist comes from french and gift from middle English and old Norse, thus it's closer to English root. Since gif isn't a borrowed word from french, there's absolutely no reason to call it jif.
I pronounce it letter by letter. G,I,F just how I pronounce other format like PNG or JPG
IT'S GIF NOT YIFF
I pronounce each letter so screw you invetor guy.
Entertaining and informative video thank you Tom, reminds me of those place names in the British Isles that have you guessing as to their pronunciation and the locals laugh at you when you get it wrong. Here the "locals" are the computer nerds. Since the internet is usually about reading and not speaking, I guess it doesn't really matter whether in your own head you say it "giff" or "jiff" ...
It's Jif, since it stands for Jraphics Interchange Format
conclusion:    if a person  believes  that the  g  comes from the word  graphic,           then,  jif   just  seems   wrong.
There are people who say gif. There are people who say jif.  And then there are people who say gee eye eff
I simply don't care about what the creator or Oxford say, the day I say Jif, will be the day I've jive up on Jod.
I pronounce it gif, not jif, (some people call it a G I F )
Purple Burglar Alarm is actually pronounced purpley bergler al'arm
only ever pronounced it as "G-I-F" like an initialism
Back in the days when ".gif" was an unfamiliar file extension, /gɪf/ would have done a much better job of communicating how the extension is spelled than /dʒɪf/, which could easily be interpreted as ".jif".  But then, intuitively, this doesn't seem like a primary reason for why /gɪf/ feels so much more correct to me.  What *are* some "primary" reasons, you ask? No idea. I guess it's just a brute fact that "gif" is pronounced /gɪf/, and they who pronounce it /dʒɪf/ are mistaken and confused, but we should be nice to them anyway.
Wouldn't have been an issue if English was a phonetically consistent language.
Today I learned that laser is actually an acronym.
In what world is 70% not definitive though?!😂
I say it G I F
2:32!!
Jraphics Interchange Format... yea that's the one.
Funny is that there's a cleaning brand called Jif in Australia, New Zealand, Japan, the Middle East and the Nordic countries that was founded in 1965. If the creator of the Graphics Interchange Format says it's pronounced  "/dʒɪf/" then that would be infringement.
Graphic interchange format not jraphic interchange format
what about ģif? it's kinda like a mix of jif and gif.
It's not a word. It's an acronym. It's GEE EYE EFF phonetically contracted into Jif.  This is what happens when people only read, and never hear. They pronounce monk like bonk.
So it's gif, not gif?
me who pronounce GIF as gee ay ef:
Here in Hong Kong 9 out of 10 people use Jif, if you say Gif people would give a weird face. It's more like a communication between you and the person you are talking to. If they understand Jif as gif, then why use Gif to confuse them. Vice versa. While studying in Canada I have heard gif/jif 50/50 but Canadians are so polite they would never enforce others to say otherwise. It's like many other words with different pronunciation.
So are we all agreeing to call it Gif?
I always pronounce it as gif
Meanwhile me: Jee ayee eff 🤡🤚
Hard G
I just spell it out.
It’s pronounced yif, actually.
Everyone : it's gif not jif Me : g - i - f 😅 ( gee eye eff )
The real argument is that there was already a file format called a "jif". It was a .JIFF. So it needs to be "gif" for clarity.
Me, who pronounces gif as G.I.F: couldn’t be me.
I was today years old when I learned that 'SCUBA' was an acronym.
I say g i f- 😀
I used to be s "jif" person, but ever since I watched the episode of the Big Bang Theory where they debate this, I switched over I "gif" 😂
I pronounce it as JIF, everyone around me does and I think it's correct.
it is jif
I say G-I-F
Me pronouncing g I f 🤣
2:29 Who else loves his exasperated shrug?
I just say whatever. It’s like the difference between ZED and ZEE
I love how our generation has nothing better to do except argue over a three-letter word.
People who say jif scare me.
A'ight. I'm just gonna say G. I. F. from now on.
thanks now i know how to pronounce d3if
As long as it's not yiff
Me who pronounces it "GIF"
Me who says it as G-I-F
The creator of Gif: It's pronounced "Jif" not "Gif" Imagine one day God comes down to the mortal realm, say: It's actually pronounced "Jod", then left.
I figured out the pronunciation by title, didn't have to watch the video
G I F
we dont call god jod
The entire vid was clickbait
Heres how to end this war G is G J is J Gif… I rest my case
Am I the only one who pronounces it gify?
YouTube recommendations anyone else?????
G eye eff
Зачем я вообще смотрю это видео…
I don't even pronounce it. I call it "g" "I" "F".
It's actually "gif" not "gif"
I guess this is the Word We All Can’t Agree On
It is gif not JIF
I just say G.I.F
I don’t care
Just say it the way you say it, everyone knows what you’re talking about
I always pronounced it with a hard G for some reason
Fun fact: google translate pronounces it the wrong way
Dude it doesn't matter.... go be productive or smth idk
Me who says   G     I      F   I have been saying it wrong this whole time?!?👀😑
Well, the g stands for “graphics” so its gif with a hard g
Me an intellectual who says G- I- F seperately.
I pronounce it as Gee I Eff
Giffy lube
Ill be back in a gif
I pronounced it gif for many years but when the creator said its jif I respect his pronunciation to HIS creation so I now call it jif now.
i dont care if its pronounced jif i will never stop calling it gif
Oct 19 it is OCT 19 2021 today..... MLG
JIF is already a peanut butter. That's why I say GIF.
I actually read each letter... like G I F even when people tell me to pronounce it either gif or jif...
What jif I don't want to...
I say G I F  so umm🥴
Me who pronounce it as g-i-f 💀
As finnish I pronounce it as [gif]
Am I the only one who pronounces it as Gee - I - F
Let's all be real here, it's Gif
JI-AY-EF
I just pronounce it as G I F
Dumb me, who used to say pronounce it with the letter, "G-I-F"
I read the entire gif per letter and say jee ay ef
I pronounce it as G - I - F
Gif>Jif
Me who thought it was an acronym and read it as G. I. F: 👁👄👁
Eh, gif
I call it G.I.F and I won't stop
I have always pronounced it as JIF .. And it's okay to use either...🤷‍♀️
It’s GIF not JIF
So arguments about words exist. Interesting
I always read it like GIF like who the heck says JIF
Gif And Jiff are different so whoever pronounces it jif you are higher than Marvin from sml
Jif is the only correct pronunciation
I SAY BOTH JUST TO PISS PEOPLE OFF LMAOOO
nah is G.I.F
I always pronounce it like jif
It’s gif not jif it’s a G
It’s actually pronounced gif. Edit: sorry typo meant to say gif
My logic is that Gif is most similar to Gift so it should be pronounced like that
It's like gift but drop the t it's not that hard
I thought it was gif
i say g-i-f
G stands for graphics so how is it a j
ofc it’s gif with a hard g, in latin words are always pronounced with a hard g and ofc english was based off of latin, that’s not a reason but it could be used in an argument
ITS GIF NOT JIF!
The way I remember it, is that there is a Dishwashing brand named “Jif”
jiff
I like to pronounce it gif cause it reminds me of giving someone a gift y'know?
gif gif
It’s jif
Me who was G I F Every letter differently Like Gii Iiii Aafff
its pronounced graphics interchange format not jraphics interchange format
So we watched the video just for him to say “Which one is right? You decided.”
It’s spelt GIF not JIF
People when they die and and go to hell because they called god jod
G-I-F
I am with the 30%
Why people pronounce it gif it's gif ;-;
Me who says G.I.F: *intense sweating*
To each, his own.
I know it pronouced as gif but imma call it gif anyways for convinence sake
Me who calls it: jiyf
nah imma pronounce it as jif. no one can stop me
Me who pronounce it as G-I-F: so this is what it feels like when the top of the class are arguing abt their answers while mine is no where near their answer
People who pronounce jif getting sent to hell after calling god jod
This is interesting, because as a non native English speaker, to me the letters G-I-F have only one possible pronunciation, which also turned out to be the "wrong" one so here we are.
if the creator says its pronounced "gif" then thats what it is
No, it's pronounced gif.
It's  'Gee Eye Eff' :)
Don't care what the creator wants the pronunciation to be, once gif always gif
Get out of my recommended please
This is great but do y’all pronounce data like “day-ta” or “dhat-uh”? Or for the Brit’s “dot-uh”?
So is it data or data
Laughs in: *G-I-F*
Yes, it was obvious. People like to think they're quirky and make an argument for no reason.
Its not peanut butter. Its gif
HAHA! TIME TO PROVE MY STEPMOTHER WRONG ABOUT AN ARGUMENT WE HAD LAST YEAR ON HOW IT WAS PRONOUNCED
I pronounce it as G.I.F.
Jif is literally a peanut butter brand
Title: its pronounced gif Me: good to know
“It’s pronounced jif, not gif” why tf is it spelled gif then
That's why english is soo f*cking confusing
Isn’t it pronounced “yiff”?
I say Jif because saying gif feels weird to me. Like it rolls off my tongue weakly and doesn't feel powerful enough like most words
Me who calls it "No sound video": 👁👄👁💦
My friends say it as "G.I.F." and bullied me for pronouncing it as "Gif"
Its pronouced yiff
I pronounce it as *jif*
G. I. F.  It’s so simple and slides of the tongue
But why? It shouldn’t be pronounced “Jif” that’s so dumb there’s no j
Fax
Its GIF not JIF like you can read
Since this video was posted on my birthday I can age with it
Grammar naziiiii
why does that say /d3if/ ?
I just call it the moving image.
I read this G I F
Guys let's just pronounce it in the most ridiculous way possible instead of arguing over Gif and Jif  Like "Dif"
i used to call it "Jif"  im actually confused watching this video now..
God himself can come down and tell me to say Jif or I'm going to hell and guess what? I will be dancing in the flames that night
GIF is pronounced as yiff lmao
I mean, pronounce giraffe for me
The difference between gif and yiff
I can't be the only one who pronounce G.I.F
2:01 “Yiffers”
I tought it was yiff
a okay, now i say GIF... uhh  you know how after this vid
I say it jif all the time
In Italy we pronounce it "jif"
No no no you pronouce it like /giidhdgdhef/
ITS PRONUNCED J-I-F
"Its prounced jif!" "No its gif" Me: Gee Eye Eff
it is also gif
My argument: you pronounce the letter "g" as "ji" so might as well call it like "jif" but tbh, both can be right, why are we so hung up on it?
The creator is wrong. It's GIF
I spell it as G I F, every letter separately
30% of people being sent straight to Hell after meeting Jod
Scon/scone: *I FEEL A SEQUEL COMING ON*
It’s gif 100 %
In the grand scheme of things, the pronunciation of GIF should be the last thing on our minds. Yet here we are, 3.7 million of us united in our desire to waste time.
*everyone who’s ever called it gif: this I can get behind*
I JUST SAY G  I  F as in individual letter
Creators can also just be wrong about their creations.
i saw somewhere that it's pronounced Yiff
The real answer is of course *plays never gonna give u up
im spanish, and if im talking spanish i say gif, but if im talkin english, i say jif
Jraphic
People. It's pronounced GIF.
just.......just call it a G-I-F the same way you say P-D-F?? settles the whole thing
Wait a minute but I thought it's called G.I.F I always say g.i.f
I just day gif ( with the g sound) cus it sound like gift and when I send a gif to one of my friends it like a mini db stupid gift for them
thank god it isn’t ….. Y i F f
I always call it G - I - F (all 3 letters separately). Never had a single issue. Whether it's Gif or Gif , I'm cool
In Polish we say " Gif " because we say words as we read it (exception : ch, it's like h but h is harder (if you know what i mean))
I say it as gif not knowing why
gif is gif
I’ll do you one better. It’s G-I-F
Just ranked 1 on our english exam because of this video.
Well I think it's pronounced GIF not GIF. 🤔
Them: "JIF" "GIF" Me: "Ji ay Ef"
Me who pronounces it Ji-Ay-Ef: *ok*
Legends used to say G.I.F instead of Gif or jif 😂😂
No, its "JI AY EF"
No matter how you pronounce GIF you won't get a GF
Rouxls Kaard..     *IT PRONOUNCED RULES!!*
Jif. Thank you.
I thought it was G.I.F.
This is Nikolaj all over again
Pov:u read it as gif
Pronouncing it as "gif" 😃 Pronouncing it as "jif" 😀  Pronouncing it as "yiff" 😟
I thought it was "jif" cuz it it ends in a jiffy.
Me being a dumb for over 7 years pronouncing as ji-ay-ef
I agree, it's jif for sure
Is it just me who finds it funny that 3.7 million people just watched this whole 3 minute video about how you should pronounce a 3 letter word?
I don’t know if Tom is 20 or 50
こんにちは
I just say "Jeeh-eye-ef"
i pronounce it as G I F what😀
I think we can all agree that English has chaotic rules. 🤣
Im a pronounce it gif cuz I like it more
Gif
Gif is pronounced jif like girage
Its yiff. Like jeans are yeans and Jubilee is yubilee and Math is related to science.
As soon as God is pronounced Jod is the day I'll pronounce Gif as Jif
its not gif. its gif
I thought it was g.i.f. TnT
Its gif with hard G, jif is just weird af
Imagine disagreeing with the inventor of the actual thing
But... I pronounce that as G-i-f... Umm wha-😶
its gif not gif
Me reading it in Gee I Ef
Me looking at the title:  Do you have the slightest idea on how much that littles it down?
JIFF
I had no idea LASER was an acronym, my mind is blown
Well if the juy says it like that it must be right
Guess what Steve Wilhite (inventor of gif) and uno have in common    We don't listen to their rules.
The "jif" pronunciation will always be my preferred one, because it is consistent with Latin's influence on English. In the Latin language I know best, "ci" and "gi" are always pronounced the soft way. If you want to get a hard sound, you have to put in an interrupting "h" ("chi" and "ghi"). I know English isn't a fan, but I enjoy language better when there are consistent rules for pronunciation.
you would have to be kind of dumb to call it gif and not gif
Yea but jraphic isn’t a word
Don’t GIF a fu-
ITS PRONOUNCED GIF, GET IT RIGHT!!
it should be G I F because most file names we don’t pronounce as a word, but by every letter. We don’t pronounce .exe as (ex-eh) or (ee-ck-s) or png as (p-nn-guh).
Jif
I actually know how it's pronounced but the way it's pronounced is not safe for work
It’s actually pronounced gìhef
I say Gif like gift but without the t
I just always viewed it as gift, without the T. Never thought of it as Jif.
I dont care... Its gif..
no its prenounced Geyife and spelled gif
I pronounce it G - I - F.....  ...please dont hurt me
it’s totally gif.
What? I thought it was g-i-f?
Why is the lined paper background not lined up properly....
I think im the only one who read it as "JI AY EF"
I pronounce it "hif".
My brain gust jot tricked!  I jot a headache gust by watching this video. 😫😣😫
It’s gif not jif
This dude looks like a middle aged Jake from the FakeJake channel
I don't think I had ever even tried to say "gif" out loud before I heard about this debate. I do a hard g.
Nah GIF is the worst peanut butter
nah its pronounced jif
It’s pronounced GIF not JiF -_-
It’s obviously gif not gif stop playing people who say it’s gif stop giffing around and say it the right way which is gif
anyone else who says gee eye eff
This is like everytime I see the word Live I have to pause for a second
ratio
it’s jiff
It's not gif it's GIF or gif
Gif is the answer.
jif feels easier to pronounce for me
It’s “jif” cause that’s how it’s actually the creator of the word pronounced it. Saying “GIf” is stupid, especially when you tell everyone that it’s how you pronounce it.
there is a G for a reason it’s not “JIF”
i pronounce it as "G-I-F"
Then put a damn “j” why spell it that way bozo
"We will have flying cars in the future." Humans 2020: ITS GIF NOT DJIFF
Yes of course Gif penutbutter
Fun fact I Googled it and GIF is pronounced yiff
Dude it's not peanut butter
i thought they said the real pronunciation is yif
i think it's pronounced gif
it's gif
I swear I was thinking about this yesterday and its now in my page 😭
Don't really care tbh, when people are saying "should OF" instead of "should have" and "then" instead of "than", the pronunciation of "GIF" doesn't really matter.
WtF!
*Me thinking that giraffe is pronounced gif* *Me realising* *Still watches*
Is it only me who pronounces GIF with single alphabet ?  Like *G*  -  *I*   -   *F*
i strive to be as passionate as something as u r abt this
When you see a g in a word before e, y, or I its makes a sound like a J that's the soft g. Like page, gym, or giant. Thank you electric company
In France, we say dgif
I think its G I F and not GIF or JIF
internally i say jif but my friends made fun of me so i pretend i say it gif
its yiff
Exactly. It's gif not gif
Technically gif=jif isn’t wrong. If you pronounce “Gillian” as “Jillian,” “Gif” should be acceptable when pronounced “Jif.”
This is why I use it both ways in the same conversation to upset people on both sides of the argument, and if that doesn't seem to work I'll call it "yiff" once or twice.
"It's gif!" "No, it's yiff!" "Nah... It's G.I.F"  Me: "... It's j-ife"  Everyone else: 👁👄👁
Fool! They're called moving pictures!
gif with a hard g <3
i thought it was giff or jyiff
I always pronunced GIF like "gin" cause that's how it reads in my language 😅 and now it's been a few years that I though I had been wrong the whole time after hearing anglophone saying GIF like gift. Glad to see I wasn't technically wrong for years
I just say G I F…I’m stupid
Looks like Raj was right....for the people who don't know this is a TBBT reference
people pronouncing it "yiff" will go to hell because they will call god "jod"
YES
It’s pronounced yiff
Am I the only one that says it “GIF” as in pronouncing it letter by letter [G I F], Ji Eye Ef
I don’t even say it as one word I say it as G.I.F
People who pronounce it "gee eye eff" 💪
Some people say it like yif i think
It's GIF not JIF. Anybody who says it's JIF just wants attention and wants to feel special. GIF.
I always just say jee eye eff...
cool people will say G.I.F
English people should pronounce it as "poison"
I pronounce it like yiff
I pronounce it G. I. F.
How about gift? Isn't jt supposed to be jift?
Are you the "This video has __ views" guy?
The correct answer is of course English is a stupid language
apparently according to some page in some book I dont know, its pronounced *yiff*
I’d say shut up I’ll say it like “Gif” not “Jif”
ill call it jeff
isn't it pronounced g-i-f per letter-
Just say G I F
my gf who calls G. I. F
Tom created a 27 minute video on the pronunciation of GIF  What a legend.
Simple, just say G.I.F
People who pronounce gif as "jif" being sent directly to hell after meeting God at the pearly gates and calling him Jod
me whose audio driver is broken and is watching this video: "this sign cant stop me because i cant read!"
Bro it's gift. So take the t away and it makes gif.
Y'all never heard of soft Gs before and it shows
Us Indonesian or German should be happy because to our language every consonants always spelled as it is unlike more complicated English. Vocals could be one or the other like è or é but even that most of the time even vocals are remain constant.
i dont care im still pronouncing it with a hard g
It's gif ffsw
Yes, or you speak german and there the G is never pronounced like a J
Ok but have you heard of our lord and savior jod?
does nobody say G I F
Then there's me who randomly jumps between the two pronunciation.
It is Gee Iye Eff
me just pronouncing gif as G I F
Yep I know it's gif
Facts, its gif and not gif
I pronounced it as gif now I pronounce it as gif  thank you
I used to call it G.    I.     F.
Just realised d +3 letters = g and G +IF is gif
Me who says G. I. F  ......
As soon as someone says "How do you pronounce 'gif'? I just either leave or say" Im not brave enough for politics"
Me who pronounces it as G I F like a separate letter: im outta here
But I pronounce G I F (I won😂😂😂)
i call it dyiep just to scare people
people pronouncing "gif" as "jif" being send straight to hell after calling "god" "jod"
Am i the only one uses G-I-F? Hahaha
Hello
Why can't we just say G-I-F
Modern linguistics is wrong, let there be judgement
I always said jif i thought only trolls said it like gift without a T
You fool it’s pronounced gif
Still "gif" for me
Like gin
Can we just... re-invent the english language so it isn't so confusing and stupid?
Yea and I'm sure Microsoft doesn't appreciate the Xbox being known as the Xbone But quite frankly these "creators" can take their preference of our pronunciation and shove it when it comes to the internet.
I thought it was gif not jif
It's pronounced "jif" not "gif".  Then wHY is it spelled gif, chief?? Explain that.
It’s gif, jif is the peanut butter :)
All I know is that if someone interrupts your conversation to argue over the pronunciation of "gif," they're a stupid ass.
Jif
People who pronounce gif wrong going to hell for calling God, “Jod”
I pronounce it as G-I-F I say all the letters
✝️Please Pray and Repent to God Before its to late✝️
Everyday we stray further from Jod.
I still think it's American lack of intelligence of spelling "gift" and "gifts"
I thought is was G.I.F - 😃😃💀💀💀
What kind of mouth breather pronounce it as jif
its GIF not JIF
While everyone says Gif or Jif. I on the other hand says it like G I F or geeeyeef.
Me who pronounces it as G-I-F: 👁️👄👁️
I had no idea Laser and Scuba were acronyms.  You just blew my mind
I cannot accept this defeat
I just call it "g i f" letter by letter
Gif wins anyways
EHHH???? WTF HELP JUST YESTERDAY I WAS TRYING TO PRONUNCE GIF FOR LIKE AN HOUR???? AND NOW YOUTUBE RECOMMEND ME THIS??? D:
When the creator of the .gif format tells you how it's pronounced, you no longer get to argue with it.
jif
I say it G I F
I thought it's pronounced Gift
I love looking at mincraft jifs
I agree
no it’s just pronounced
It’s GIF not GIF
It is “jif”
It is pronounced GIF.....
In summery, English is a broken language.
I always pronounce It Jiff
I pronounced it jif then a*holes picked on me until I started pronouncing it gif .
Am i the only one who pronounce GIF as G.I.F
It’s Ga-if because it stands for Graphics Interchange Format
I believe it can be pronounced anyway think it is or depending language and accent and a example can be the word "pecan"
Next thing you know the peanut butter company Jif is gonna be saying "it's pronounced gif not jif"
Me who pronounces it G I F:
It's like the peanut butter, ok jiff. Also it's I say "Ing-glish."
jif.
The old English Dictionary pronunciation of gif is yiff which is a word 9f cuddling
jif’s taken by peanut butter. 😂😂
Who tf says jif and not gif. JUST READING THE WORD. AHHHHH😤
The English alphabet is stupid
I do it Jif
yes
Even if you give the finger to the fact that the G stands for “graphics”, that slide from the creator spelling out the pronunciation using a “J” in order to have to clarify it is the only answer anyone should need as to how backward it is to pronounce it with a J sound.
Wait a minute WHO ARE YOU
I agree with the person a bit more behind me is right it's I because my gf is non existent
YIF?
It's graphical interchange format not jrafical interchange format
Anybody remember the episode of The Big Bang Theory where they were arguing about how you pronounce gif
No doubt GIF
Should giffy of jiffy
It's pronounced yif
I say jif
ITE PRONOUNCED G.I.F G I F LIKE THAT NOT GIF NOT JIF G I F
Bruh animated images don’t mix with jelly as well
Add a T and it's gift, take away the f and it's gi. Both pronounced hard g so my mind initially went there.
It's NOT JIF PEANUT BUTTER
The internet will argue about anything even words
I thought it was pronounced as   GEE EYE EF
It's actually pronounced ○○○ ●●|●●●●●|●●|●
So it is pronounced "Jif" we've won
Gif as in gift, most common and common reigns all the time.
Gif
I though it was gift without the t...
Graphics Interchange Format It deadass isn't that hard
nah bro its gif
Gif like gift I’ll die on this hill
How about this? Us jiffers won’t tell giffers that they’re saying it wrong, if THEY don’t say it to us.
Good thing I talk Spanish
Gif
wait, so am i the only one that says g i f? like pronounce each letter seperatly... (gee-i-ef)
You can't tell me it's pronounced gif 🤨  It's pronounced gif😍
Honestly it if was to be pronounced the 30% way they shoulda spelled it to match Ghif not gif
I despise when people say Jif.
yes its d3if totally
I thought it was pronounced was gif
Descriptivism huh... So what you're saying is, if i can get enough people to pronounce the word "Tiny" as "Big", it'll be correct and i can finally let go of my self esteem issues :D
Do not listen to him its *geef*
Giffie
Meanwhile my grandma... "HEY I SEND A GEE AYE EFFF "
ITS GIF NOT JIF
people who say "jif" go to hell after meeting jod
Yes Jraphic
dzizz
Since it's typically in capital letters a hard G it is
Ahh yes d3If
I say jif
I have a “gif” for you
I don't understand the intro to this video, how would gif with a hard G have won the debate when the creator of gif's literally said it's pronounced "jif"...
any Bleach fans here....Now Gin should be pronounced like Jin???? thoughts?
me that pronouncing it "G.I.F.":  lmao I'm superior
Honestly this is how WW3 starts
Ive been living under a rock to realize that people pronounced gif as GIF..
I pronounced GIF as G.I.F (Gee Eye Ef)
I call it GIF with a g sound as in good, because GIF stands for graphics interchangeable interface, and graphics starts with a strong g sound as in good.
It's called graphic interchange format not a jraphic interchange format
Yiff?🧐
I used to pronounce it as G.I.F
yep its gif not gif
those who think it's gif those who think its gif |                         | V                       V
Also me:G I F
dæ
"It's a victory for the yiffers" ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Fun fact that no one cares: I say "jif"
I've always said Gif and Not Kid. But I know someone who calls it Yiff. I find that hilarious.
It’s G-I-F
The perfect clickbait doesnt exi— —
Its not gif its pronounced as gif
"It's pronounced as jif"  Me:  the looping-moving pictures
why do 30% of earth call gifs a type of peanut butter
I SHALL NOT STAND FOR THIS SLANDER ITS ALWAYS AND EVER SHALL BE GIF
I say G, I, F
This popped up cause I searched Tom Scott vape
No, I think it's gif not gif
Gif
I used to call it “jif” when I was younger but everyone in my family said it was “gif” so I started pronouncing it that way
Why do people care about this so much
it's nor pronounced gif nor jif, it's pronounced [OBJ]
I pronounce it G I F
I’ve always pronounced it as “JIF” because my mind thinks it’s G-I-F so “jee” of the letter G is used as GIF is an acronym.
Am I the only one that just pronounces each letter? "G I F"
It's gif because it's graphics, not jraphics.
It's pronounced maymay
I never said "gif" or "gif" i allways said "gif"
People that pronounce gif as gif are wrong , the correct way to pronounce gif is gif
Me who calls it G I F
finally someone solved it
As much as possible I try to pronounce words the way they were intended… so it’s “jif” for me. Also jif peanut butter here isn’t popular where I live so that connection didn’t come to mind until it became a popular argument
'It's pronounced GIF'   *My mind as an Indian broke*
'It's pronounced GIF'   *My mind as an Indian broke*
hard g is easier than soft g to say.
The big brains say G-I-F
"Papa Can I Add A Gif?" "A Gift?" NO A GIF Yes, A Gift U Mean? Nvm
Actually it's pronounced "gilf"
Nah it's Jeff
i pronounce that as    jee eye ef
So it is gif not gif ? I always thought it was gif and not gif
J:so i don't exist? G:it is joat now
It's actually pronounced "hyilf"
It's actually pronounced "yiff"
do wht u want and punch the person who says that its jif/gif dont turn simple thing into a pain in the hole
What next? 21 gigawatts and not 21 jigawatts?
People who pronounce "jif" are going to hell after meeting the God at the Heaven's gates and calling him Jod.
Oh please, the g stands for graphics, why would anyone make it sound like peanut butter? 🤣 It's an acronym, not language rules of a word by itself like gin, and of course there are hard g words like gift and giggle. Again, this is an acronym.
People who call gif "Moving Pictures" *Pathetic*
If the creator called it gif and pronounced it as jif, then it's proper
Me who pronounces gif by each letter
Ah thank you now I know for sure its GIF.  Agian thank you very much
Gif it away gif it away
Oh... so I am the only one to say it G I F. Just like how you say M P 3 or P N G
Me, who pronounced it the same way as spelling it: *_Interesting_*
And you know what? The creator is wrong 🥰 rip to him, but we the public make the decisions and it’s gif like gift
Jeep.
So it's not Yiff?
Jiff is pronounced yiff •O_O•
To be honest, I dont care what anyone says, I will pronounce it however I feel like (gif.)
I pronounce it G I F
Bruh I always call it (jee-aayi-Ef)
I don't care what the creator says, its gif not peanut butter brand jif
G I F
What about ppl like me who just say G-I-F (Like how you would say NFL)?
I cant even spell gif
It's gif
For me it's G I F🤷‍♀️
Seems like a gif moment
alien here, not saying either GIF s, but I say G.I.F
This is exactly why I read this out like an abbreviation, ie, GIF. Read each letter separately and everyone gets it! Thus, no debate req🤷 Ps. This is just my pov
I say it like gee eye eff 😭
Imagine saying GIF and not GIF. smh
I’ve been spelling it out instead of pronouncing the word
Nah, it's pronounced G, I, F
To sum it up, it’s Graphics Interchange Format.  Not Jraphics Interchange Format.
I believe that GIF is pronounced in Times New Roman size 30
Lmao i read this as G - I - F
Steve is just a peanut butter fanboy and is wrong
This is all just a big proof English pronunciation kinda sucks for being all over the place sometimes
Just say G.I.F
Meanwhile me G I F
I just call it moving pictures
Am I the only one here who pronounce gif as G.I.F.
Don’t let this distract you from the fact Mr. Krabs sold Spongebob’s soul for 62 cents.
é guifi
Gif reminded my of gift. So i just went with that
It’s spelled like gif so I’m saying gif
people who say jif going to hell when they call god "jod"
Team 'JIF'!
Gif(gif) is irritating...😒
for some wierd reason in my head i say it as "jiff" but i speak it as "gif"
*chokes on vape*
people who say graphics interchange format: i am 4 parallel universes ahead of you
idk if it's just me but I pronounce it as "gif"
Bruh, I read it as G-I-F as in (Jee-Eye-Ef) 😭
TLDR: pronounce it either way, it doesn’t matter.  If someone tries to correct you and tell you your pronunciation is wrong, they are lying whether intentional or not. It is used both ways and can be pronounced both ways.
remove the t from gift and you get GIF its not hard
i literally just say G-I-F
i pronounce it as gift without the t
while here's me pronouncing it as "g-i-f"
Its really simple... saying jif makes you sound stupid. So its Gif.
I say it both ways
I think it’s gif
Can we just say they are both correct and move on
I hate it when people pronounce GIF as GIF and not GIF
It’s pronounced "rules"
IT SHOULD BE GIF; JIF IS PEANUT BUTTER!!
Gif stands for Graphics Interchange Format
I honestly never knew laser was an acronym
No, the fact that you care is childish
Nah its gif
I call it John
The proper pronunciation (should be) “G I F,” wherein each letter is pronounced separately.
Honestly I pronounce it like jif
its literally GIF istg hes right
it's jif
I just spell it out as G-I-F
It's G I F not gif
Y’all are wrong it’s pronounced GIF duh
I don't know what's all the fuss about, it's pronounced GIF, you morons.
i thought it was the "G" sound not the "J" sound...
I just call them gifjifs-
We at the Spanish Inquisition can say positively that it is pronounced gif not jif because if you go to heaven and call god jod your going to hell
”jfeg” , come “pight” me
"no, santa, they're jifts!"
Guys I found an in between: pronounce it like “ZHIF”
Nahh, we all agree it’s pronounced yiff
I still say G.I.F.
guh, if. g i f
It’s definitely GIF
Not me naming it gfi
I like gif better
I've always been saying GIF 🤣
Me who pronounces it like G-I-F like Ji-Eye-Ef 👁️👄👁️
The creator of the gif: “it’s pronounced jif not gif.” Majority of people: “nahhhhh, you’re wrong.” 😂😂😂
does anybody notice that G looks like a spinning arrow if you look really close? now i cant unsee it
I always pronounced it as G.I.F. Like I said the letters separately. I didn't even know this debate existed back then.
i didn’t know people pronounced it  I just said G I F
FUUUUUUUUUUU
D3if.. what?
The creator of the word said its pronounced jif,it doesnt matter what you say,or who thinks that its Gif,its jif
Y i f f ?
bro its gif
I don’t care what you think, I think the word is gif
I like to use GEEFs
only a psychopath would think its "jif"
The G is for Graphic. Graphic is a hard-G. Therefore, it's a hard-g gif
Why has it got a g not a j then
If it is spelled with a G it's Gif, it's not Jraphic it's Graphic so it's Gif
whats jif i am litterly saying  gif my whole life xd
for me the biggest lesson here is that laser is an acronym
Me, who pronounces all the letters of the word "GIF" seperately one by one  watching this video : 👁️👄👁️
Guess I've been pronouncing wrong my whole life
I saw Jiff because I love being the cause of chaos
I really don’t care about pronunciation it’s still gif
Me who pronounce it as "/ji-ay-ef/":     _"I'm built different"_
Is there anyone who pronounces but the letter?
Thank god I can quit even pretending to switch to hard G gif when my ear wants soft g gif so bad.
i like how lots of people actually argue about pronunciation like seriously say i how u want to say it :)
I remember when jiff peanut butter put gif on their labels for a while as a promo thing. that's why I always went with jiff.... I mean gif
If it isnt Gif then make it jiff like bruh make it a j not a g
you dont say gift as jift   giraffe as jiraffe  r
I simply say: G I F
You are the chief.
I pronounce it like J-I-F
I would prefer GIF too.
Am I the only one who pronounces it G-I-F? 😅😅😅
I am the 0.02% who call it  Gee Ae Eff (G.I.F)
And you're pronounced dilf 😘
I've always read it as gif as opposed to jif because in Bulgarian It's spelled "гиф" and there's really no way to read that as jif because jif would be spelled with dj (дж)
I dont even care its Gif
Am I the only one who said GIF instead of gif or jif?
uhh I call it GIF like (GEE-EYE-EF)
GIF
Tigrex
It's pronounced gif not gif
Gif or Gif?
Ahhh English speakers struggling... :')
And then there's me who called it G-I-F this whole time-
I dont care Im still pronouncing it as "JIF"
Its gif not gif
Furries: yiff?
I used to say it gif when I was a small kid and I use to say gif now but Im gonna say it gif after I saw this vid 🤣😂
its Graphics Interchange Format not some kind of peanut butter
So it's "gif"?
I pronounce it as "jif" because I recognize it as an American word. If its German, or Russian. Then I would be more inclined to saying it with "G" as in GIF. I think the reason why people would be more inclined to saying it with a "J" is because it is easier to say and understand. Like in a conversation, you would immidiately know what they are talking about when they just say "GIF" with j pronunciation than g.
Me who says g.I.f:
i will say with Gif not Jif and i dont care about ur words.
I thought this was debunked 26 years ago
"Its pronounced jif"  Well you see my good sir, you shouldnt have created the acronym to be spelled "gif" then. Sorry for actually being articulate.
I pronounce it as GHIF
I say gift
You don't pronounce "graphic" with a "j", that's how I remember
Me who say jee eye af
Two words: Pacific Ocean
It's 100% pronounced        That's it. There's no real answer but it's for sure pronounced
Gif - Graphic Etc. Not Jraffic. Inventor is tripping, easy as that.
Everyone, It's not pronounced GIF, it's actually GIF
G I F
So do we pronounce “JIFF” as “GIF” or just call it something like Jpeg 1.5
So its both
It's just called: G. I. F
Gif
me who say it as gee-i-eff👁👄👁
I just say the letters out like g-i-f 👍
It's either a gift or peanut butter, you choose.
GIF as in GIFT. How hard is that? The letters are already there in the word.
I always used to say jif...
Mfs who call gif "jif" out here praying to jod
I called it G.I.F, I said the alphabet individually
I agree, it's jif for sure
2:31 true ✅ jif
I pronounce how I like it, problem?
lmao me who pronounces it as seperate letters G I F
It's pronounced jif said the juy who made it.
Oh my God, how hard is it to understand? It's clearly gif not gif.
i say it with a hard g vecayse it feels good in my mouth, nothing to it
Ah yes, jraphic interchange formats.
People are actually so dumb thinking it’s jif
I thought it's, G.I.F
Is it supposed to be pronounced as G. I. F ?
i agree its  JIF(GIF)  for sure ... just give up gif users
The creator is just a peanut butter fanboy
My God it's Kim
isnt it G-I-F
At least it's not add bad as when people pronounce Caramel as careamel
I always pronounced it “Jif” the whole time
Me: G I F
I actually say the letters “G I F”
I say it's JIF
me who calls it by initials: ohh…
Yes it's gif
How I see it jif is already taken just use gif
I've used the Jif pronunciation ever since my friend showed me one.
What is gif?
Moral:you can pronounce "Gif" Anything
Me who says G-I-F 😳😳
mm d3ITf
It's pronounced Gif as in Gift. I simply assume you're a serial killer if you pronounce it any other way.
I mean if it's pronounced  jif then gift would be pronounced  jift.
Namjoon : G. I. F.
"They called me a madman"
Me who pronounced it as jee ay ef:
Gif
"GIF" is how it is pronounced. "JIF" is a brand of peanut butter. The creator is wrong and I am right.
its graphics interchange format not jraphics interchange format
I literally pronounce it G  I  F separately, only the alphabet
I feel like it’s gif (with the guh) instead of gif (with the juh) if that makes any sense
Guys, guys. It is obvious that the "g" is pronounced like the "g" in gigantic.
Its yiff
I personally prefer to say gif
Me: moving pictures
Guys, it's not hard, it's pronounced like the "g" in "garage"
I call it a gift T^T
prounounce gif with the same g sound as gigantic.
Am I the only one that pronounces it letter by letter like G..I..F?  Just me? Okay...
Do you know how little that narrows it down?
I thought it was G I F🤣
I don't want to get gif mixed up with the peanut butter
yes, i also agree. i think its gif
Ah yes, I too pronounce it d3if.
When you pronounce the LETTER G it's JEEE, not ghee. So when you spell the acronym it's JEE-EYE-EFF. JIF
It's pronounced gif change my mind
In Spanish it is actually pronounced LASER. :)
So I’m back on this video and I guess I’d like to know why you stopped at ‘gi’ when you were looking up pronunciations. Why not just do the same thing with words that have ‘gif’?  Anyway, if the creator says it’s “jif” then I’m happy to knowingly call it ‘gif’ incorrectly. 🤷🏻‍♂️
I like saying jif. I hate saying gif. And with the way my mind works. I always saw the g as a J sound for gif
Me who says it like "graphics interchange format": I'm 4 parallel universes ahead of you
I pruoncuce it G ur A F
GIF not The jif peanut
Giraffe
ITS GIF
i just call it "G. I. F.". i just say the letters one by one
I thought it was gif like giraffe 😊
Jif is a penut butter brand
It's pronounced "JIF", "GIF" is wrong. Even the creator of the GIF format pronounces it as "JIF".
i never knew someone called it jif
i say jee ay ef
You're all wrong, it's gif
Definitely GIF.
I pronounce it as "gif" not "gif"
Then why they dont just write Jif????
I always pronounced it "jiff" like "a jiffy". Like a very short video...
Me who said it as G-I-F
Giraffe
:Discordgif:
I'm sure I've called it jif instead of gif in the past but I think I've ended up using gif, saying how its spelt.   There's already a Jif lemon juice company so this way it could never be confused :P
I say Giffy
The problem with the method described here is that it doesn't go far enough. How many single morpheme words start with the full "gif"? Not "gi" or "ge" or "ga" but actually "gif" in its full state? How many words use that spelling without anything else around it to modify how we'd normally think of it? The only one that comes to mind is "gift" and that feels like the right fit for me.
Just be a chad and say G.I.F.
I always new it was gif
If it gets debated i bring up that it's an acronym and just go g I f cause I'm sick of it x'D On my own ill say both depending on how I want to
What about movie picture
Imagine saying GIF when it's pronounced GIF
it is pronounced yiff
no it’s not gif, it’s gif… or is it gif?
In French, the letter G is pronounced like a j if before the letter e or i.  Therefore, us french are already prepared for this situation, and pronouce it jif
Is it weird that I pronunce it jee-eye-eff
Gidzif... Now everyone can hate me.
Yes
Tell the creator from me. He’s wrong. Never heard anyone call it a jif
G is pronounced 'jee' so I mean
Why did I even watch this video..
Jee-i-ef
NO ITS “GIF” 😡😡😡😡😡
I say gift without the t still
The correct way to pronounce is  Gee ii Ff
I always just took the t out and got gif
Well it's obvious it's Gif, not jif, Jif is a something you clean stuff with🙄
Me who pronouce it G. I. F.
Actually! It's pronounced yiff!...   *oh fu-*
The title says everything...
I’d say it’s GIF
DGIF. Direct Graphical Interchange Format. Now it's cleared up because /dg/ isn't a sound.
g.i.f, here i fixed your problem
People who say gif are just wrong gif is 100% just said as gif just like gill
in our country we actually džif
Im still stuck at calling it G-I-F 🤫
Legend Says : G. I. F
Tell George the giant giraffe that I don’t have time for this gif conversation.
Gif (derogatory)
I keep pronouncing "gif" as "yif"
I agree it is Gif Your choice as to how you look at it
Its Yiff
Damn I have been saying gif instead of gif all these years But y don't we all say gif and not gif?
Prescriptivism is better, despite Oxford's judgment.
thank u for this it proves to my friends that i was right this whole time.
It's pronounced yiff.
So much work for a personal opinion
Well screw you, I'm pronouncing it as GIF.
You said pronunciation wrong which is quite ironic given the subject of this video...
I’ll just say ”yiff”
Gh if
And here I'm pronouncing it "jee aay eff"
"Its graphic interchange format not jraphic interchange format"
Why is this recommended for me
I just use both pronunciation
I would argue that the P in JPEG would make an f sound if they included the H
It's Gif not Jif. It Stands for Graphic Interchange Format. It's graphic not jraphic
"iTs prOnOunCed yif!"
Pronouse it how you want
.
0:50 Hang on... wtf is "pro- _now_ nciations"??
I say it like gif not jif
Is it PNG or Pinge
Some people: GIF!  Other people: No, it's JIF!  Me:  Um, G-I-F? Okay I'm weird I get it
Then just spell it with a J mate, but they didn't, so therefore it ain't jif.
I just say “G, I, F”.
The most be bo correct way to speak handed down from on high.  People who try to dictate word choices need to remeber this.  Dictated langauage isn't natural evolution of language.
The G in gif stans for graphics. It is GIF
Obviously im not drinking "jin" im drinking G-in
If it is gif it should be pronounced as gif not jif
Actually gif is pronounced "gif"
Gifka for Russian
Its not gif its gif
Its yiff
it's GIF, not GIF
jeff
i'm never calling it djif
Ah yes. I pray to Jod for help whenever the jiraffe starts chasing us at the national park.
I'm gonna call it moving picture
Bruh it’s gif 🤦🏾‍♂️
And here I am pronouncing it G.I.F🤦‍♂️
I prounouce Gyro as Gyro, Gif as Gif, and Caramel as Caramel.  Anyone that says them differently?... I dunno m8r, sumn' off there.
See, from my personal opinion, it logically and phonetically only makes sense for it to be pronounced with a hard G. This is an opinion I stand behind whole-heartedly . And yet, whenever I see the word Gif written anywhere, my mind always automatically pronounces it as Jif
Creator is wrong 😅
I say "Jee Aiy Eff"
So am I the only human being who pronounce this as "Ji-ay-ef"?
i pronounce "gif" with a hard g. however, i also pronounce "cadaver" as "KA-duh-veer".
My name's gif
Nope, it's GIF like GIFT
I thought it was pronounced gif!
Met someone who pronounced it like png. Like, spelled it out. Gee Eye Eff. Unusual, inefficient, and tried to piss nobody off but ended up pissing everybody off. Which I count as a win, because it's funny.
The Final answer, no matter the grammer or logic to it all, every word has been made up by people and standardized as part of our language you can't say a word isn't a word because all words were once no words they just aren't in your rules of the language we speak rules that also had to be made up by some group of people help everyone communicate easily, so really the inventors/reinventors of our words are right about what they made meaning the inventor of the word gets the say so in how its pronounced, doesn't mean you have to listen to it our own language has plenty of rules that it breaks for no reason and then accents can pronounce simple words in the strangest form and are you really gonna waste your time to teach someone to change the way they speak, but anyway its jif but doesn't matter
Oh no even the creator is wrong
“ I’m sorry do you mean the guy or the juy”- Howard Wolowitz
In the end it doesn't really matter, but the argument is fun
Me who says it like G-I-F *im 5 universes ahead of you*
I say G-I-F...
No,it’s “GIF”!
I say G I F like all the letters separately like how you’d say an acronym or whatever
70 to 30 is definitely a landslide
No its pronounced moving pictures
It’s gif not gif
It's jif
If you pronounce it "jif" I judge you
The CREATOR SAID GIF /dgif/
This isn't as bad as people who think that in Uno you keep picking cards until you get one to place.
YES THANK YOU. I GET SO ANNOYED WHEN PEOPLE SAY JIF
It is pronounced yiff
Its jif but I could say gif as in its a gift to have it or something dumb like that
Society if the letter G in English doesn't sounded like J
Ffs it's  GIF is it that hard?
How about G I F??? Letters instead
It’s GIF
Personally, I think it’s Gif.
how about yiff... or jeff
The way I remember is that there's a peanut butter brand named "Jif."
D3idf JIF
Hard gif, because jif is peanut butter.
Me who pronounce it G_I_F* Im 4 parallel universe ahead of you.
g never makes a j sound
LMAO
GIF is an animated picture Jif is peanut butter
I pronounce it JIFE (like strife) because screw everyone and I refuse to side with one of the two
In other words, who cares?
It's pronounced yiff
The dutch have 4 ways
the correct answer is Gif whit hard "G" JIF is already a different file format. JIF filename extension is also associated with raster images saved in Jeff's Image Format which uses zlib-compression to save animated and still images (similar to GIF files)
I’ve always said JIF and not GIF, is that weird?
you aliens….   ITS PERNOUNCED GIF!!!!!!!!!
why use a g if it’s pronounced jif
It's Gift with a silent T
No its gee eye ef
Its a shortform
It's not jif, It's JIF
I'm gonna call it grinfo from now on.
Jiraffe
Wrong. It's pronounced yiff.
what about jif
That's a pointless debate
I don't think it's gif, I more on the gif side of the argument.
The letter G is already idiotic. As its pronounced like Jee. They should have pronounced letter G as same as whats used in git gud. For all the words with G sounding like Jee, they should have just used J.
We dont have that problem in spanish. The G pronounciation depends on wether its followed by either A, O and U (like garden), E and I (in that case we pronounce it like an h: hell or him), ue or ui (like gift or guess) and üe or üi (in this case the u is not silent). The pronounciation follows strict rules that are clear.
Always called it jif for some reason gif doesn't sound "animatey"   I live next to Gillingham (Medway) didn't know there was a Gillingham with a hard G 😂 wonder how the Americans pronounce their Gillingham 🤔
sorry i say gif and not ready to change to jif
I have been pronouncing GIF "dzif" my entire life since it felt right for some reason.
this was on my recommendations and I just randomly clicked it. now im just thinking of the word gif.
I always say both pronounciation when I say it.
ITS Gif AND THATS ALL THE WE MADE IT WE CHANGE IT
i pronounce it as g-i-f so i wouldn't have to bother being corrected👁
Personally I think  it’s gif not gif, gif is a good idea but gif makes more sense
jreat arjument, I'm still jonna pronounced it jif tho
Me who thought it was a short cut for Girlfriend:..
no one cares
do you guys say gif or gif?
me who says "G I F" all seperately
Obviously, it’s supposed to be “Yiff” 😂
I literally say it one by one by letter 😭
Yes i agree  it's also called jgif
2 words Peanut Butter
bruh am i the only one who pronounces it as “G. I. F.” like gee eye ef
“It's pronounced JIF, not GIF.” Just like the peanut butter. “The Oxford English Dictionary accepts both pronunciations,” Wilhite told The New York Times. “They are wrong. It is a soft 'G,' pronounced 'jif.
I’ve been saying “djeef” for years now
English is just plain stupid
I always called it jif
geef
I don't really care either way. Didn't need to make a video about something so trifling but that's just me.
If it was pronounced jif then why is it spelled gif
The person who literally made the word says it's gjif
Cool
If you say gif as jif, how would you say god? Jod?
Since I speak flemish it's pronounced "rrhif" I decided
Those who say "Jif" are serial killers 100% sure
jeef
Legit jif
I didn't know that there whas a debate and I didn't know that there are ppl who say geif
Imagine having a girlfriend
why do we even have soft g when we could use j. english is stupid
Here there's no problem 😏 gif is already a word in dutch
I pronounce it like G.I.F
I say G-I-F
Imma just pronounce it with the alphabet pronunciation of my native language. Thank you
in french we pronouce it not like "djif" but "jif" without the d sound.
Damn I thought it would be gif
Nay it's grif
This is one of those things I get illogically upset about
Dude, that pic's a GILF!
I used to spell it out 🧍🏻‍♀️
It's Gee-IF
I get that there are more word pronounced/d3if/ but why not just spell them with a J the English language makes no sense
I think it's dgif
Reading the title I didn’t know what to say
That’s wrong it’s pronounced “Hard Hat Jones”
So its jif
...i say jee eye ef if you get what i mean
Everybodies saying its pronpunced gif but i dont know what gif their talking abt
I pronounced it G.I.F 😭😭😭
It’s pronounced “Rules”
It’s hard G, everyone else can enjoy their peanut butter
It’s never been “jif” nobody will change my mind
I read the thumbnail and i now know, it is pronounced "guh - three - iff"
I personally think it's gif
Imagine doing a 3 minute presentation for a word.
Actually isn't it pronounced yiff? 😰😰
The professor's ''easy'' math lesson be like:
I still prefer saying it as “GIF”.
Anyone who thinks it’s pronounced JIF is a real git
I'm glad that everyone agrees that it's pronounced gif
It's definitely gif
If it's pronounced "GIF" it's gif, but if people decide to pronounce it "JIF" I'm writing "jif"
I think Jif is right because it's easier, makes sense, and the guy who made them said it was right
JIF LIKE THE PEANUT BUTTER
Ohhhhhhh
bruuuh its so gif not Jif
Too bad. Hard g is correct. Not jif.
It's Gif not Gif
It’s unfortunately pronounced like the peanut butter, that was part of the joke. I always say it the other way because I refuse to pronounce it the way it’s intended.
I say G-I-F instead of JIF or GIF
I just say Graphics Interchange Format
Hard g is j.....jif san
People who pronounce gif as jif being sent straight to hell after they visit heaven and pronounce god as jod
jif is peanut butter
So it's a hard G for the peanut butter too?
Good news and bad news: So apparently gif was a word used in old, like really old English. The bad news, it’s pronounced “yiff”
The thing is a lot of people who read the word before hearing it aren't native English speakers. Spanish speakers would never pronounce something written with a 'g' as "jif", that would be a 'y'.
People up at the pearly gates of heaven who pronounce it "jif" gonna get sent straight to hell when they call the big guy upstairs "Jod"
yiff
Serves him fuckin right for not calling it Jif then lmao.
We all know it’s gif not gif
As a german, gif is the only way to pronounce it
I always thought it was Jif, as in a Jiffy, because it's like a small amount of time. What about memes though?
DjeeF
I don't care what you say, it's gif as in JIF
I say either guh-jif or juh-gif because screw you all that's why.
When I speak swedish I say with a hard G but english jif.
Jif
People who say "jif" going to hell after calling god "jod"
**laughs in calling it g-i-f spelled out**
It’s gif. Not gif 🤦‍♂️
That's G.I.F
The creator is wrong Simple as
Its pronounced gif with a g for one very simple important reason, jif peanut butter, the word jif already exists with the very important distinction that it uses a j, so you cant go saying g is pronounce j and visa versa
Why do people say jif It's literally peanut butter
I'll still pronounce it like gif
GIF not jif
British and American virgins: its gif NOOOOO ITS JIF Italian chads: Its JIF fra (bro) I know
Jif
I live in Gillingham, the one pronounced the correct way.
I've been pronouncing GIF as JIF ever since I learnt the word at 8 years old.. see my level
Its GRAPHICS INTERCHANGE FORMAT
i always pronounce it as gift without t
It doesn't matter what the inventor says. The inventor is not the master of the English language. He's an idiot.  English has rules and there are those of us who are smart enough to use those rules and there are those who are in denial and choose to pronounce things the way they want to.  Following the rules of English it is pronounced as: Jif. Not Gif.   You guys have to get over yourself. English rules must be followed if you don't want to speak like an idiot.
Thats why italian is easier in the reading part Gif is with a soft G If it where with a hard G it would have bene GHIF Simple rule  English is so easy dos something bit unnecessary hard for others ahah
The Creator: it's pronounced JIF 70% of the people: no it's not
We already have a Jiff.
When people forget what the acronym means, they forget the original pronunciation.
its actually jif.
0:15 The creator needs to go back to kindergarten and relearn his ABC's because a G doesn't make a JUH sound!
„Graphics Interchange Format” Why not call it „GRIN Format” and call it a day?
Wait wait wait wait… What gif the g in gif is silent altogether????
GIF is pronounced GIF 4head
.. im still going to say 'jif'
Tbh I always called it gif. Its puzzling to me that others think its called gif.
*laughs in jigif*
You forgot to take the pronunciation “yiff” into account.
Late to the party here.  I'll say it how I want to say it and if someone else pronounces it the other way, we still know what each other is talking about.
I always say jif and if you have a problem  with it I don't care about your opinion on how I say things so take care and have a good day <3
I thought it was pronounced plate
I say gif hahahahahahahahahahaha you will never know
This argument has been going so long I forgot which I say.
me saying it in .. "G . I . F" (By letter..) 😂
That's why English sucks. Most words aren't read as it's written. They say Turkish is hard but at least we write what we say😂
I'd say gif and gift But you got words like kansas and arkansas The lesson to learn here is English makes no sense
The creator is definitely wrong here
Primark, premark, tomayto, tomato. Same thing you can say either.
Team /g/ till the very end.
I still hold to the ancient English word "Yiff"
You can pronounce it however you like, but others can judge you based on how you pronounce it
Choosie moms don’t choose gif
Well I say G I F (jee I eff)
I alt+tabbed and got a geico add an legitimately thought the little lizard dude was tom
Me who pronounces it by spelling it
I'm too used to saying jif to stop now
I like men
If it's pronounced 'Jif' it should have been spelt Jif, as far as i'm concerned. I say it as its spelt, simple as that.
Well I actually say G.I.F
If 70% says gif and 30% says jif, then where do we, people who says it as g-i-f, belong?
Its gilf without l
Hillarious discussion!  Thanks for making my morning Tom!
me who pronounced it G I F
I used to be a gif-er (hard g), at home, but when I left I started saying jif, and my brain is still confused!😄
ITS GIF NOT JIF
I use both
I call it G-I-F
In China, it is actually spelled out letter by letter for many abbreviations like GIF, so it would be pronounced "G" "I" "F".
/GIF/
Its GIF
I use both interchangeably.
It's pronounced as gif not gif
Gif... not jif.
I think it’s gif not jif
Me who always says it by spelling it:
It’s “if”. The G is silent now since you guys don’t know how to get along.
It's dif now.
I’ve always said it as “jif”
Everybody : Gif or Jif ? ⚔️  Me : What ? Laser is acronym ?!! 😱🤯
Title is wrong it’s pronounced Gif
Me who says the letters of "gif"when I want to say it:lmqo ok
Gif boys
I knew it's pronounced GIF.
The title of this video really cleared things up for me
GIF 4 LYFE
I've been saying jif but jif is peanut butter so it doesn't sound right I end up just saying g I f 😅
So it was GIF not GIF
G is for "graphic".  Guh.  *Drops mic 🎤
"Gif" because it's not peanut butter
Just like is it Ubisoft or Ubisoft?
If you pronounce it Jiff, I probably don't like who you are as a person
It’s pronounced yiff
its jeff
Ah yes, jraffics interchange format..
I pronounce it jif
30% of people get this whole language thing.
It’s obviously gif you guys need to understand words lmao
3:01 soo what's the correct answer?
Jif is a peanut butter and a cleaning product.
It is Graphics Interchange Format, not Jraphics Interchange Format. It is Gif, not Jif.
Sometimes I pronounce it as G-I-F, as in individual letters
I say both
I still say jjf
I support GIF not JIF. For the same reasons I support gin and not jin. Yes, not an English speaker.
i heard that there was an old english word gif that was pronounced yif
I thought it was "yiff"
Its poison for sure
uhhhhhhh... i still beleve its pronounced the way 70% of ppl pronounced it
my brother took a big L today for a particular reason.
Americans debating how to pronounce words correctly is so ironic
Sure, lets just call it jizz so theres no debate
Gif with a guh
It's not GIF it's GIF
I had no problem switching to 'jif' because it's creators intent, and I respect that.  At the same time it's kind of hard to keeping saying 'gif', knowing that you're just one of the many people who have been told it's incorrect but refuse to change, because they either a) can't accept adaptation, or b) want to conform to what everyone else says.  I don't want to be either of those people, so 'jif' it is.
Its pronounced gif not jif
I ain't even going to watch this video.
ITS GIF! WITH A G 😂😂😂
As far as I know it’s Graphics not Jraphics.
Gimp is jimp
I feel like it's gif not gif
And now ask a Dutch person to pronounce gif.  Gif is also Dutch for poison, so you can also use google translate.
Somehow i got recommended by this video, sus.
Gotta use the right pronouns or you'll be crucified by the public and humiliated by the media.
As a native italian speaker the pronunciation was never an issue. Jif is the way (for us at least) since g+i in always pronounced ji. If you want the other sound you have to put an H between G and I
To confuse things further, what was JIF is now CIF.
I need a version for "JSON" xD
imagine creating something and being wrong about how to pronounce it
I just say Gif because if you add a T it spells Gift
Dzi words are mostly from Latin!  Gi words are mostly Anglo-Saxon.  I would say it's gif, cause Dzi is an indicator for a LatinLanguage and gif is made of English words, so we should pronounce it in an Anglo-Saxon way not in a Latin way. It's simple imo.
I cal it ( G    I     F)
jve always pronounced gif. but now i know its pronounced as gif
I pronounce it gif
It's a hard G
You are correct
Wait so is it Gif or Gif
Me, who just says Graphics Interchange Format: *_"I'm four parallel universes ahead of you."_*
I always pronounced it as G. I. F. Like, three separate syllables.
I would rather pronounce it g I f like the letters not the word
I read it as G.I.F ;0;
this is like calling god “jod” 💀💀
D3IF
IT'S GIF
bro! bro! bro! bro! BRO! Its GODDAMN GIF!
Answer: Pronouce it how you want
If were talking about peanut butter its “jif” if its a moving picture its “gif”
Me saying it 'G I F' ;-;
Ah yes, Jithub
Its a hard G, Its Graphic not jraphic.   Another way, gift minus the T. aaand, before we forget, theres already a jif, jiffy.
I think it's jig
In spain, if there's a wrong pronunciation said enough times, they would approve it, bc they think there's no rules in speaking, we, the Spaniards change the language
"The Old English word gif 'if' (pronounced "yiff")"
Wrong, its yiff.
sir i dont understand  lemme just sent the gib
It's jif! Gif is so dumb.
Everyone is different people say words differently from the language or English accent
You used the wrong IPA symbol for j. That is a j found in french words like "deja", "je". It shouldnt be confused with /j/ (Also use brackets when transcribing words)
I swear in the future there will be 4 ways, gif, jif, gaif, jaif
I say G - I - F
Easy way just call it G  I    F
Gift is all i need to pronounce it like that. Its litteraly the same word with a T on the end.... Besides i have the hack of being a native spanish speaker where its actually objectively pronounced Gif as in Gift
people who pronounce Gif as "Jif" going straight to the firey pits of hell after meeting God at the pearly gates and calling him "Jod"
I'm jifting people 1000 dollars if they.....
It should be yiff.
People: *arguing whether it's /g/ or /j/* Me: *pronounces as G. I. F.*
How many words are there with a soft g, followed by the letters "if" vs a hard g followed by the same letters?
I'll remember that next time I look at a jraphic image file.
GIF not *JIF* look at spelling
A mouth full of (👉🏼 💩) is how you say liberals and democraps...👍🏼
This isn’t nearly as bad as when people pronounce Rees’es as reeceez
Thank you for the clarification. I'm sending this to my friends!!!!
I honestly don’t care anymore. I just compartmentalize people who say “jiff” as full-blown psychopaths and possibly arsonists.
Team Gif
The reason it is pronounced GIF and not Jif is: it's called Graphics Interchange Format, with a solid G.
Nobody would say Giffy-Lube or Jee-peg. Let’s be serious.
It was meant to be pronounced with a soft G sound like the letter J. The joke when it was created was a play on JIF peanut butter. The catchphrase was “Choosy moms choose JIF.” Their spin was “Choosy developers choose GIF.” That was the intent. I also pronounce it this way.
I think looking at "similar" words would be a better way to judge this. Not just words starting with "gi" but rather words containing the whole "gif"...
It's a hard G. Cry about it.
"Gif or Jif"  Me: G-I-F
Guys, listen here, it's OBVIOUSLY "moving pictures"
Everyone be arguing about the pronunciation while am here calling it G-I-F XD
It's pronounced "glenda". Which rhymes with blender. You're ALL wrong.
I've always said gif as in jif. And I shall continue to do so
I say gif but I like to say jif sometimes to mess with my friends
Its hard g gif.  Now ride off on youre giraffic.
False, clearly pronounced "Jeffrey".
I’d think “jif” would be more popular because it rolls off the tongue better
*GIFs are so cool*
this video is so cool and was so entertaining.
I’ve always pronounced it jiffy lmao idk why I just always have sinse I was little
Gift is literally the smallest word with all 3 letters in order... The end.
It's pronounced JIF, not GIF... ... You literally just shot yourself in the foot by saying that... That gif is pronounced gif...
Its a G not a J.
Like PRIMARK people say premark but don’t say premary school 😂😂😂
We have the word gift, hence the hard G pronunciation.
In old English its pronounced yiff
Why?
Only accept the pronunciation of GIF with that lovely Dutch G.
My nama GIF
I see, it's d3if
Data or data?
I wonder what *Jifts* i have for christmas this year
Well, we in Germany simply pronounce it Gif.
Bro how come people can't say it right?! It's pronounced GIF!!!!!
Well, the guy who invented is says it's jif, so...
I don’t care how it’s pronounced. I just spell it: G-I-F.
Imo, it's "jif" bc the creator of it said so. Just like how aluminum is not pronounced "aluminium" bc the guy who discovered it called it aluminum. Sorry Brits, you're wrong.
Guifi
It’s pronounced Gif get it right >:(
I have a really epic video idea for you!
Im against the inventor on this one. It stands for "graphic image file", not Jrafic.
It’s definitely “gif”
It’s were is the g hu hu it’s jif   Edit: I thought you were talking about the peanut butter
I legitimately stopped saying this word, to the point where I forgot which way I pronounced it previously. I was going to use the word, and then I stopped because I didn't know how to say it
My brain associated it to the word gift so there by pronounced it gif.
Why not pronounce it as yiff? Muhahahaha
Someone I know says all letters separately
At the end Steve was the only one who was wrong… what a plot twist…   See’ya in next “algorithm chooses you”
People saying if you pronounce it as jif then you should say jolf or jod, as if english has ever been consistent with its pronunciation of letters. Creator said it’s pronounced jif and that’s what everyone in my area uses.
JIF
The inventor says it’s pronounced like the peanut butter, with a J. The matter should be settled.
Heef
Im sorry do you mean the guy or the “juy”?
I think GIF is correct
mental gymnastics: the very well-edited YouTube video
>If language changes, we change with it >Dictionary casually changes meaning of words to fit agenda I see a problem
This is very Interesting, but how do you print one??
It's GEEF.
I think it's gif
its gif, just like the dutch word for poison.
It's Jif
Im polish and i will never change to Jif. IT will always be gif for me as this is how we pronouce it. Just like we dont pronouce JPEG jay-peg but we say yot-peg
How about old English
English put G (or more) word so inconsistent... It can pronounce either way..
Cant we just let people pronounce it the way they want?
Next please: Lofi vs Lofi - Sci-Fi vs Sci-Fi
Me who pronounces it G . I . F                     *Amateurs*
You don't jive a jift. You give a gift. It's gif.
Maybe the correct pronouncement of gif are the friends we made along the way
Live TV vs Live your life!
I converse primarily in text and have yet to speak the word... It's like Schrodinger's pronunciation...
I've always pronounced it Jif. I don't know why. Just felt more natural sounding.
Gosh it's Graphics Interchange Format not Jraphics Interchange Format
I don't know why I got this recommendation but I surely did learn something important
2:33 That's actually what I did. Except for me it was way easier because in Romanian gi is ALWAYS pronounced /dʒif/
It’s gift without the t
I say Jif because of my native tongue 👶
In french we pronounce it gif.
Wait laser is an acronym?
Gif (jhif)
anyway it's jif
It's G I F
JIF is peanut butter.
If you spell out GIF quickly it starts to sound more like Jif than Gif
In G.I.F. the acronym we're pronouncing, G is pronounced Jee, not Gee. Jif it is.
But how about: [jɪf]
Choosey moms choose Jif.  Choosey graphics designers choose Gif. The language analysis is irrelevant. It was named after the Peanut Butter brand, so therefore it's pronounced the same as how you pronounce JIF Peanut Butter.
i say g  i  f
I thought it was pronounced g i f like once every letter
I dont say Gif or Dgif I say..   G.I.F 😂😂😂😂
To me, gif is for images, jif is for peanut butter
Its jif
its G.I.F. End of story
Choosy moms choose GIF.
When I was a kid I thought of it as I was receiving a “gift.” So I pronounced it that way without the T. Plus Jif is peanut butter. My brain logically thought to pronounce it opposite of Jif for that reason.
I actually pronounce GIF letter by letter.
It’s never JIF. If you use JIF we can’t be friends.
guf
I had a seizure trying to watch this video😂
I'm a beekeeper and we have a small form factor hive called the "nuc" (pronounced nuke) short for nucleus.  Age old word.  Intel has now created a small form factor recently that they also call the "nuc" but pronounce it nook....  as if they didn't borrow the term.
Bruh, even the creator said 'jif'. So why not just stick with that?
I like djirls
You'd think that it would have been smarter to spell "gin" as "Jin". Ditto for all other "gi..." words that are intended to be sounded as "ji...". As for gif, I have always used the hard G pronunciation and have no intention of doing otherwise. Well-researched video, Tom.
I'll always pronounce it gif as in gift because the G stands for graphic.
How did I find myself watching this
I personally call it jif cuz its eazyer Gif has a stop and stress in it and when you talk you don't want to have many of those BUT most people use gif so I write gif but say jif
GIF GIF GIF GIF GIF
"It's not a landslide." "Only 70% of people said 'gif.'"  That is absolutely a landslide. 😒
You’d be an amazing guest on the Tangents podcast, I think at least.
Years ago I came up with it.    Jif is peanut butter.  Gif is a moving picture file.
I'll pronounce it as Gif (Like Gift) thank you
I thought you read each letter like G-I-F
Maybe for the inventor’s birthday we should jive him a jift and play jolf together, after which we watch juardians of the jalaxy. Or if it’s sunday, worship jod.
Graphic Graphic Graphic Graphic Graphic
In french, we read acronyms with french pronounciation, and since "GI" is always pronounced "JI" there never was a doubt x)  For once, being a baguette makes things easy for me, I won't complain
"70% - 30% is not a landslide"...excuse me what?
So I'm both Gordon and Jordan 😭😭😭😭
Jif is a cleaner
I've always pronounced it Gif not Jif. Where I'm from Jif is a cleaning product, well, now it's called Cif but that's a whole other discussion.
Either way is right 👍
Creators are wrong about their creations all the time. Just watch Orson Scott Card talk about Enders Game.
In my country, we say every letter. G-I-F
its pronounced gif not penutbutter brand get it right people
IT's definitely gif
It’s neither it’s pronounced “GIF”
I say G.I.F. but otherwise it should be gif like gift.
I'll say jif when people start buying jifts for christmas
GIF for me, JIF is penut butter
The pronunciation of Calais is how Mainers know you're a tourist.
who cares?  just say it how you say it
It's pronounced joiph
Why can't we just agree on G-I-F
Gerbils and giraffes,   If it’s short for graphics im saying it with the same “g” I use for graphic
Is it pronounced gif or jif? I pronounce it as G-I-F which makes me look bad but atleast it is not wrong
why not call it jgif
GIF with a hard G is the correct way to say it. Anyone who thinks otherwise is a troglodyte.
since this is the case, I would like to suggest a final answer to this dilemma. combined those two pronunciation, and imagine how it sound like.  yup. that's the true answer.
In my country, we pronounce it as "WTF IT'S MOVING, COOL"
jif
Jeff
What about Nike?
Gpeg
I always called it the same way as the Dutch word gif (=poison) with the Dutch soft g, which is yet another g-sound, and I will continue doing that. You English speakers can keep your debate.
The funnier part is that I never new people also pronounced GIF as /gif/
Well freak you i have been calling it G. I. F.
Gif
guys stfu its gif not gif
Me who calls it G - I - F as individual letters
I always respect the actual inventors, so even though I don't like "jif" I still pronounce it that way because I would want other people to respect my software invention.
Jif is Peanut butter.
Ah gif not jif
Jif is peanut butter kids. Gif is the way to go in pronunciation
JIF is peanut butter. That’s all there is to it.
For people who want to know whether it's pronounced Gif or Gif but don't have the time to watch the video:  It's pronounced Gif.
This is equivalent to Should the toilet roll go over or under?
it's not gif, it's gif
I like with the J sound bc it reminds me of the word jiffy. Since the gif videos are fast jiffy videos being played over and over quickly
And I say GIF not JIF
I used to pronounce it as gif years before memes were invented... but after the boom of memes and gifts, I started pronouncing it jif as it was what most people started calling it and I got strange looks when I'd call it gif... at this point, I don't care anymore. 🤷
Its gif (gəf) or gif (jəf
Everyone's entitled to their own opinion, it just so happens that some peoples opinions are wrong
It’s gif not jif.
You can argue all day about it but practically GIF (not JIF) is better because there is another file format called JIF.
IT'S PRONOUNCED CATAN
Actually . gif is a acronym for Graphics Interchange Format. So if the word 'graphics' is pronounced with a hard g  sound and not a soft g ( j sound) shouldn't gif it be pronounced with  a hard G? Do we say graphic as jraphic?
Maybe it's because of the derivation of words but in my mind every word with the G as Gin Gist or Gel, should be spelt with a J. Jack and Jill like Jin and Jel Gack and Gill like Gin and Gel And while were at it, Who put the P on pneumonia
I just say G-I-F
It's a damn acronym. Not a real word.
me who pronounces it as G I F: *"my whole life was a lie"*
gift is just gif with a t is obviously not pronounced JIF you peanut butter enthusiasts
The correct answer is gif.
Who cares about english? Rather, how come native english speakers always think the world revolves around them.. In my language everyone calls it JIF, because it's how OUR linguistics work. So that means we've got the correct pronunciation. Burn.
Jif is a Peanut butter
I think we can thank a peanut butter company for making it simple; JIF was already taken. If the inventor of it was polish (judging by the dz character there, which IS pronounced as a j sound) had been able to keep it only using those characters, then that would be different, but since it is an ancronym for a word starting with g and not dz that just isn't the case. I'd be curious to know what letter does the word "graphics" start with in the inventor's native tongue?
Great. Now how about SQL? :D
1:21  Presenter: "Haitch, haitch, haitch."  Tony: *shoots presenter* "It's aitch, not haitch."  .  Tony: "You! What are you drinking?"  Colleague: "Coffee."  Tony: "What type?"  Colleague: "It's an expresso."  Tony: *shoots colleague* "The word is 'espresso'."
I say jif but I’m not going to argue about if it’s right or wrong because I really don’t care
*MY NAME'S GEEF*
I swear to Jod you’re an idiot if you don’t pronounce it Gif 😂
The correct answer is saying in Spanish: gif.
IT IS
I think the most practical reason to pronounce it GIF over JIF is because the J already has an image format.
No, its Gif
Jarfield
70% is a landslide my guy o.o...
You never the American influence of this. Like how to refuse to spell and pronounce aluminium the correct way. And bcos there are so many of them The world has just decided to let there be both versions
girraffics interchange format doesn't sound quite right. I'll ask my english teacher tomorrow
GUYS ITS GIF NOT GIF ARE YOU DUMB
The soft g sound makes me think of the peanut butter (Jiffy).
its gif whats so complicated about it?
I pronounce it as Gif using the g, not jif
Do we pronounce God as Jod? No. It is Gif. Not Jif.
The G stands for “Graphic”. That’s a hard G.
For sure it’s gif
Me who pronounce it as G.I.F my whole life:  👁👄👁 👍
I pronounce it G I F, saying each letter 😏
If you don’t pronounce gif as gif and not gif .. I hate you
Graphics Interchange Format  That's a hard G
The G stands for graphic so it should be /gif/
The actual inventor apparently says "jraphics" then instead of "graphics"
It's a soft g. Everything about it demands a soft g. The g is followed by an i and there's no reason for it to be an exception to the soft g vs hard g rule, like gift is. Engine, magic, gin, gif.
anyone heard the Dutch pronunciation of 'g'? That's how we say gif. Gif means literally 'poison' in our language, too.
I too like to say Jraphics
G I F
"Wrong! End of story."  What if I just say gif...
its gif, not gif.
G-iih-f  Not any this jif shiz
Big part of this debate is probably non native speakers too. In german the g is always used as is gift. Therefore german speaking people probably tend towards gif instead of jif. I bit it is similar in other languages
Never hered jif
d3If
Some people can't deal with ambiguity. It is fascinating that people cannot accept the simple truth that both pronunciations are correct. Since the g stands for graphics, it is "gif", and since the creators get to decide what their own creation is called, it is "jif". Both are correct, and this ambiguity is too much for some people.
I learned it as "Gif", with the hard G.  "Jif" is a lemon juice and justification for pancake day (and until a few years ago, also a bathroom cleaner).  To evoke Bill & Ted... English is the language that can make one syllable mean anything (just look up Dave Gorman's take on "ough")  :)
Meanwhile furries: *It's pronounced Yiff*
I dunno where you get your definition of landslide, but 70-30 is a landslide.
The ending seems to be
Do you call a homosexual jay? Do you look at paintings at a jallery? Do you park your vehicle in a jarage?  Obvious food for thought.
If you pronounce or as 'jif' when it's clearly spelled as Gif, get help.
Me: *dies and goes to heaven* hey good is it pronounced "gif" or "jif" God: "jif" Me: okay jod
People who say jif instead of gif going to hell after calling god jod
It's upsetting that I get so upset over this XD
"It's pronounced jif not gif" must be the hardest self-burn ever :D
The g stands for graphics...what is there to argue?
The "graphics not jraffics" argument is crap... SCUBA ... Self-contained underwater breathing apparatus... should we also say it's "underwater not oonderwater?"  Pronounced jif... like gin is pronounced jin... it was a play on the peanut butter... "Choosey developers choose gif"
Me, speaking a phonetic language as mothertongue: *interesting*
It's pronounced jive not give
Jiff is peanutbutter
I say fif
I expected the scones debate to come up
Jif is peanut butter, not a Gif
I still don't get it  its GIF or GIF?
I just say G.I.F
I am aware it is meant to be phonetically pronounced (ji-ff) but to differentiate from the other file format, JPEG Image File Format - jiff, I pronounce Graphic Interchange Format as (gi-ff)
But I pronounce it jeff
I think hard g is more Germanic than Latin based.
5 words acceptance slide: Actually contains 6 words.  English as a language is painfully uncertain about the pronounciation of way too many words so nobody should really care. But so are many other languages.
If gif is pronounced jif, shouldn't good be pronounced jood, God pronounced jod, great pronounced jreat, gate pronounced jate, games pronounced James and gangster pronounced jangster
We're not even talking about different languajes, in spanish we also call it with a hard G but every other word with "gi" is pronounced like "hi" but with the "i" like in "hif"
It’s GIF
They’re harbulary batteries.
I'm still going to say gif
Unless:   * Your introduction to GIF was through CompuServe...   * The numbers 87 and 89 mean anything special to you...   * You understand the difference between indexed palettes and directly-encoded color values -- and which one is used in GIF...   * You know what interlacing is and why GIF (optionally) uses it...  You don't get a vote in this debate.  :-)
GIF requires less muscle power to say. The other pronunciation is a peanut butter brand.
Yep I agree aswell
Its pronounced gyfe
It's proNUNciation not proNOUNciation...
GIF GANG!!!
I always say Gif
I say jif nowadays cuz it's easier than arguing with ppl about it. (More commonly pronounced jif here) But I remember pronouncing it differently when I was younger.
GIF not gif. (I’m not changing that autocapitalization).
1:38 I'm surprised /g/ didn't flood in here with their shenanigans.
it should just be "Gee Eye Eff"
You’re right but I’m not going to start saying jif
It's a hard g but a soft f
I always spell it out
The creator says how it should be pronounced... So, there is no doubt there.
I personally pronounce it “gif”
A 70/30 split spunds fairly landslide to me
I say G-I-F in separate letters
Gif not jif
GIF sounds better then JIF, so let's go with what sounds better
It's GIF ... because JIF is a brand of lemon juice.
In Spanish, a G immediately preceding an I is always pronounced with the J sound without exception.  The Spanish J sound, but the J sound nonetheless.
don't care, i will forever say gif instead of jif
Swedish people pronounce it as "yiff"
For me an Spanish speaker I say gif because jif feels like and stab in the kidneys And a sacrilege
Shouldn't every letter of GIF be pronounced independently since it's spelled GIF and not G.I.F.?
Wait the video crashes for me, what was the final answer?
Back in 2012 I pronounced it "gee-eye-eff"
You don’t give someone a jift on their birthday, you give them a gift
Durrr! Idiots.   Everyone knows its pronounced Giv
And bandaids are just adhesive bandages and not all Tupperware is Tupperware.  EDIT: and Pluto is still a planet g**dammit!!!!
Can’t believe people pronounce it as gif, We all know its gif.
The fact that debators often differentiate  the less common pronunciation by spelling it "jif" proves that the more common pronunciation suits the acronym better, given that it admits "gif" more naturally goes with the more common pronunciation
Yiff
If the g stands for graphics then it's obviously got to be a hard g doesn't it?
That's why I love Spanish, the rules of Spanish are such that  you can know immediately how a word is pronounced just by reading it, you can even get what's the right accent from the written word (I know that's not unique to that language but that's the one I speak the most)
People who pronounce it JIF: 😐 People who pronounce it GIG: 🙂 People who just say Graphics Interchange Format: 🧐
It's Gif, where G is pronounced like ch in Johann Sebastian Bach.
Honestly why don't people just tolerate that people say words differently. It's not like, an uncommon thing. People are weird.
screw zodiac do you say gif or jif
Fudge   Gif
I dont really care, ill still call it gif
I have always pronounced the g like give or get, as opposed to jelly or jet because there is already a jif, which is a polishing/cream cleanser for stainless steel and other surfaces. We also say, 'Be there in a jif(fy).' Following conventions, yes, it should ideally be pronounced jif: but it really comes down to what you are used to! Neither is wrong, and both are right. :)
I’m curious now. In Spanish “gi” will often have the same value as Spanish “j.” Perhaps they can put an end to this
Mind blown!
The originator had room for improvement. Imagine rules were locked down for every case, imperfections and all. Sometimes a thing needs improved, and jif sounds terrible lets be honest. If you disagree Jtfo.
Jif is how I like it.
"It's a victory for the yiffers" Tom Scott 2020 2:00
So.. it’s GIF.. Right?..
I say JIF if I talk englisch and in my mind, and GIF in german, because we dont have that problem
I used to be a hard G guy, but then I heard the creator of .gif saying it was pronounced Jif.  Quite silly to think the creator of something doesn't know the correct pronunciation.
How about the fact that .Jif is its own file type.
I asbolutely agree there has to be a certainty about pronouncing words. Thank god (Jod?!) I don't have to speak english in everyday life so this problem doesn't exist at all :-D  Of course Gif is prpnounced Gif as there isn't a J anywhere around. And its true that you haven't a word in pronouncing your own creations as you don't own neither the rules nor the letters.
Only in English would a brand new 3 letter word be so phonologically ambiguous
I always pronounced it: G.I.F  Jee. Eye. Eff
they were the same phonem in latin
Gif should sound like gift without the T End of story
It's gif, I juess.
It’s clearly gif
It's pronounced "Jeff"!
It's G.I.F
Since both sides have leGitimate claim to being correct, the decision should be made on practicality. “Gif” with a hard g has a reasonable chance of being misheard as“gift” because it’s used in similar contexts—as in “I got the gif(t) you sent me” while “gif” with a soft g is rarely going to be confused with the peanut butter brand it was intentionally named after.  I fully accept that both are “correct” on some level and that hard g has been more popular (possibly just to spite the creator’s badly communicated urging to use a soft g), but the soft g pronunciation is clearly superior.
spanish speakers: jjjjjif
As someone who played a lot of Quake back in the day, gib and gibbed are pronounced with a hard g. Also, gin is derived from a dutch word about a beverage made from juniper berries, so clearly a transliteration issue is in play.
In my mind, this debate is easily settled: the correct pronounciation is GIF!  How do I know? Well, people of my age will remember that the TLA “GIF” used to stand for “Girls in Files” during earlier times of the Internet.  Now, is it “girls” or “jirls”… see? Easy.  It's pronounced GIF q.e.d.
Wow!  70% of people ARE WRONG.
Is it Gifgaff Or giffgaff
its not pronounced "jraphics"
if the "JIF" pronunciation ever really "wins out", im spelling it that way too out of spite
Why can't it just be both? Lots of words have more than one acceptable pronunciation. I think the only people who are equivocally wrong are those who attempt to say that either pronunciation is wrong.
Pls don't pronounce it yiff
Jif is peanut butter. Gif is a Gift with the "T" dropped. The creator of the format is terrible at spelling, clearly.
In Russian "гифка" sounds a lot better than "джифка". Of course it's gif.
If you wanted Gif to sound like Jif than you should of used a J instead of a G you incredibly lazy person
I say gif and my friend says gif
Saying “its pronounced jif” automatically proves you wrong
LETS SETTLE THIS CASE ITS PRONOUNCED HIF
Wait. Isn't it pronounced "Gee Aye Eff"?
hard G gif will prevail, simply because it's a term to describe a digital file format, used widely on the internet, which is mostly populated by non-native English speakers. Meaning: we all read the letters GIF with our own languages' pronounciation of the acronym, and the rest of the world agrees that the letter G should under no circumstance sound like a J because in our spelling systems letters are used to tell you how words are pronounced.
If I'm speaking English, jif, If I'm speaking Swedish, gif
The old English word is pronounced yiff
Git
I had always thought it was hard g because its short for 'Graphics Interchange Format' I see nothing relating to J there
I've been pronouncing it JIF since my BBS days starting in 1988.  Atari ST forever.
It's EASY. The G is hard because the word it stands for has a hard sound. Graphical.
What about pronouncing each letter separately like G I F
It's because Jiffy peanut butter is what people think of how that sound is spelled. Therefore it's the other way to pronounce it
Most pointless argument.
The inventor is trolling people. It's Graphics Interchange Format. Graphics starts with a hard G, so the G is hard.
Definitely gif
I know it's pronounced jif but I'm calling it gif
Jeff
Ey yo Gillingham Dorset gang
i used to say gif bc in swedish we say gif but then i started saying jif
Everyone already knew laser was an acronym????? Wtf????????????
Jif is what it’s called but I call it guif
The real question; how it Gillingham pronounced?
What's a gif or a jif? I call it a gjif
Jif is a kitchen cleaning product here🤷🏽‍♂️🇦🇺.
its pronounced the way I pronounce it and everyone who thinks differently should be eradicated
i say 'jif' simply bc it's easier/faster to pronounce
Part of the jif gang
i just pronounced it G-I-F  using separate letters like F-B-I
Apparently 70% isn't a landslide according to Tom scott
Omg nooo... It's gif! Who came even up with the idea to say "gif"? Who ever says it like that? It's gif! GIIIF!!
The correct answer is of course Gif is pronounced obsolete.
i kinda says gif but sometimes gif i don't think the "locking it into place" is actually that true for everyone
It's gif or GIF(names of letters)
I can't believe so many call it gif i highly suspect the rate of calling it jif is probably much higher in comp sci professionals you which you know... Matters.
Its yiff
Honestly, heres something yall gonna hate me for.  Its pronounced jif, saying its not is like putting the TP in the wrong way on the TP Roll in spite of the patent showing you.
Please don't say group as  "Goin Is In VR".  Thank you.
My biggest take away from this video is laser is an acronym...
There is no right answer and I find it both funny and concerning that humans are wired to feel offense when hearing a different pronouncation even though they still understand the intent sksk
ム|下 file
victory for the yiffers alright
Jif
Isn’t there a file format called .jif
what about git?
As a hard G giffer, I'm on Tom's side. As an American, I think Tom pronounces everything incorrectly.
khif
I personally think the g is silent, but at the end of the days who knows gif that’s a good option
you have to be really stupid to call it jif.
Jeb
If it's pronounced JIF, then maybe they should have just made that the file extension instead. Oh wait, no, they'll just get mad at everyone for not knowing the proper pronunciation of their particular brand of phonetic stupidity.
Guess I was the only one who just days G.I.F. (each letter seperately) when saying it
English doesn't make sense anyways, G is pronounced "ji" while it makes the g sound
The debate can rage on, but true legends know that it's pronounced as
i say "G I F" so no one wins
Why do we say it as G I F Sepreatly like how we pronounce png as P N G.
GIF is pronounced like the G in garage, ginseng, gigantic and geography
it is GIF not JIFF.
It's definitely 100% GIF
Me an introvert : G.              I.                F
C and G are soft in front of E, I, and Y.
Actually it's GIF
Knopyt
Saying it with a J sound alike you're saying "in a jif" or "jiffy" we already got words for that.   It's "Giff"
Jif
Gif is jiff to me.
I use jif
I pronounce each letter individual like how I pronounce acronyms.
I spell GIF as my way to pronounce it
Pronounciation
For the yiffers
I spelt it as g i f duh
YOU DEFINITELY GOT PAID BY ME TO DO MY HOMEWORK THANK YOU IM NOW A PHD GRADUATE
Hooray for being native Spanish speaker and pronouncing it "hif"!
It's pronounced G.I.F.
"jif" feels like an actual acronym while "gif" feels almost like a nonsense word
The correct pronunciation of a word is what the coiner of the word said it is.  Unfortunately, the world is often lead by people who are wrong, so the day will come when we will all be pronouncing GIF incorrectly while we all think we are not wrong.
I do not care what the inventor says.... I will never say gif as jif
Do you have the slightest idea how little that narrows it down?
I would suppose people would match gift to to gif. Gift is one of the closest in spelling. And I think with the word gift much more than I think with the word gin.
2:05 But the "gaeh" words are used more often
Say the letter "G" out loud. What sound does it make? End of discussion.
it's pronounced webm right?
As a German I can say it is GIF.
2:01  What have you done... WHAT IN THE WORLD-  Stop, that word is a warcrime i don't need to hear in everyday usage
If you're British and in the right age group it's ridiculous to pronounce GIF as "jif", because you already have Jif in your head as a completely separate thing - a now extinct brand of cleaning product.
JIF GANG REPRESENT
peenot buter
So wait what?
It's jif
"GIF" side and "JIF" side: non-stop arguing about what side is right.  "HEY, HEY! Don't make come back there and make both of you say 'Y'!"  "GIF" side and "JIF" side: **silence**  "Much better"
I’m finally not the only one who says Jif
TIL that 30% of the English speaking Population are Psychopaths
You're all wrong. It's pronounced GIF.  Wait...
Wherever you come down on this question, at least this video finally and forever puts to bed the old argument that the G is hard because it stands for graphics. That's just not how English acronyms work, kids. Sorry.
Of course it's Pronounced GIF
I used to say it as gif now I say jif.
It's gift without the t, can't convince me otherwise
My chorus teacher asked this question
I heard it was pronounced "Yiff"
no its JIF
"It is pronounced Jif".  Who I am to go against the inventor of the graphic interchange format?
Actually pronounced it as G-I-F since the others were J-P-G and P-N-G.
To be fair, there is also an old english word spelled gif pronounced Yiff, so take that as you will :)  I wish I was lying for clout, i honestly do. Do you know how many years ive had to live knowing this? Knowing its pronounced like the word for furry p*rn!?!???!!? Far too many. Now it's time for you to suffer with me.
HERE IN ROMANIA WE ALL SAY GIF NOT JIF SO A WHOLE LANGUAGE AND 2 COUNTRIES SAY GIF NOT JIF ROMANIA AND MOLDOVA
It's pronounced GIF - with a hard G. Why?  Not only the acronym reasoning, but how else should you differentiate the _GIF_ file format from the _JIF_ (JPEG Interchange Format) file format when speaking?   Unless you're a madman that pronounces JIF with a hard G. THEN you just want to burn the world and bring caos to the universe. :D
On Brazil we say Jifi
I prefer to never gonna gif you up
It's not peanut butter, so it's a hard-G, end of story.
Ok there's no specific way to speak, and any way can be correct, but if you say jif I'm not acknowledging the fact that you just spoke
Imagine making a barely 1-mimute deserving video, 3:23 long
I pronounce it g.i.f
In Finnish there is no soft G sound so it's always been gif not jif for me
According to apple’s screenreader text to speech known as voiceover: it is pronounced gif               As in gift
I just hate the hard G sound so I use the soft G
wow i used to pronounce it as G.I.F
The english language is a problem. In probably all other languages /gif/ it's a normal pronuciation without a doubt. Why? Because alphabet and pronuciation of alphabet is much more closer than english alphabet/pronuciation.
People who say jif die and go to hell because the call god, jod when they see him at heavens gates
The creator is wrong
Gif. Not. Jif.
*so, it’s gif and not gif nor gif*
the best acceptance speech ever! ... being an international term and since g+i reads like j in other languages, jif has its reason to exist
You're handsome
the literal creator of the word is incorrect then
I disagree
"Is a victory for the yiffers"  :)
im going to make a peanut butter sandwich 🤤
Pfft, me and my friends say it as so “peanut butters”
Its spelt jif not gif lmao
it’s pronounced GIF
*JIF* 4ever and you'll never convince me otherwise
True to Caesar
It being "jif" always gave me the vibe that the creator just wanted to be contrarian and make millions of people "wrong." I'll still call it "gif."
Thanks, Jod
Nah it's not gif, it's gif!
If it was jif we would write it as jif. English is a mess.
Choosy moms chose gif, as do I 💪🏽🥜🧈📺🎶😎❤️
its gif.
I honestly don't care how the inventor says to pronounce it. It's an acronym, the pronunciation for it is up to one's own interpretation since it isn't really a word.
I dont pronounce it either of those ways I say G.I.F (like I say the letters) as if it were an acronym because I thought it stood for something until my brother said it didnt stand for anything…but I still pronounce it like that because I’m use to it :-:
I pronounce it both ways, but usually jif
The acronym is graphical interchange format. It’s Gif with a hard g because you say graphics with a hard g. It’s graphics not jraphics. It doesn’t matter if more words that start with g are soft g, the word the g in gif is based off is a hard g. It’s gif with a hard g full stop.
It's graphic. Not draphic.
IM SORRY WHAT IS 'JIF'
I know other thing that is called "yiff" so I rather saying GIF
It's pronounced as "Data" not "Data"
Definitely pronounced “hif”
How are you gonna argue against the creator?
Imagine if you invented something cool and popular that gets used millions of times daily, and you said "I named it this" but everyone was like "nah you're wrong" I'm on Team jif
I use both randomly
Jif sounds wrong tho
yiff
If gif is pronounced jif why would they spell it gif
most people in my country pronounced it as Polish word just same as most of other popular shortcuts. Plus actually according to the rules of language shortcut should be pronounced as letters from it, in words it's shortcut from.
It’s GHIF
people who say jif going to hell because they call god jod
How about we all agree that English is stupid
my brain automatically thought it said "gift' before realizing there was no "t" back in the day 😂 also, it doesn't make sense that you'd pronounce it jif if the "g" stands for graphic 🤨
Gift Giraffe Gilbert Germany Gill Gymnastics  English is as inbred of a language as the Hapsburgs are as a family.  Both pronunciations have precedent and maybe we should move on to something that's actually important.
Let's just call it Graphics Interchange Format
Potato potato Tomato tomato Gif gif  What's the difference?
I use both, I say GIF in swedish but JIF in english
Thanks for that gift (prounounced "Jift")
G I F T G I F G I G
I’m just gonna pronounce it gif.
am i the only one who says G-I-F (as in letters)? 🧍
My brain is in the middle, I say both on how I feel😅
i know that the majority of people say gif and i’ll just have to accept that they’re wrong
Sigma Male Grindset: Pronounce it “Gee-Aye-Ef”
Then there's me, who pronounces GIF as an acronym (jee-eye-eff).  I'm too dangerous to be left alive.
It’s pronounced gif, not gif
I'm with the majority here. Its gif. "Jif" would be odd as it's Graphical, not Jraphical Interchange Format
Mmmm no i think it’s pronounced GIF
Gift  -  “t”  = gif
Team Gif
what if it’s pronounced “guyf”
Me, who pronounces it G-I-F: 👁 👄 👁
Pronounced gif because that's how it's spelt. Simple really
sorry but the creator is wrong. :)
As a cultural and intellectual phenomenon. The debate gives rise to highlight a divergence in society. All the monsterous simpletons are the ones arguing that it's hard G pronunciation. Like, straight down the middle. I immediately suspect you have brain worms if you argue that it's hard G
Jif sounds awful.
So it's gif?
It’s pronounced “haypeg” not “jpeg” because the creator is mexican
Gif is pronounced yiff  Fun fact, the source of this debate comes from English borrowed words. You see, while words borrowed from Old Norse kept their hard Gs, words from Old French had a sound shift where the G would soften in front of front vowels (ee, e, and i). Interestingly, Old English words with G underwent a sound shift where the Gs became Ys, so, since GIF is an English-made word, the correct pronunciation is "yiff"
so its incredible how 70% of people are wrong
also it's graphics
I think Gif and Giff settles the debate.
It’s a GILF not a JILF
“The correct pronunciation is…” “KNOW YOUR BISCUITING PLACE… *TRASH.”*
Gee eye eff   Boom problem solved
Isn't this kind of a limitation of English language?
Oxford is wrong. The abbreviation stands for Graphics Interchange Format. Graphics is spoken with a hard G and as such, the abbreviation would be as well.
Its def gif
Graphics interface format, hard g.  My favorite plant genus is neoregelia.  The person it was named after was Regel, with a hard g.  I pronounce it with a hard g despite the Latin rule for g.  ILL DIE ON THIS HILL
Im a gif hipster, i pick the pronunciation that is less common out of the 2 no matter which one it is.
As the French would say: *gxshuif*
I read it jif in my head, but read it gif out loud
.Jeyef
Gif is pronounced gif  Jif is pronounced jif
Nah, its pronounced GIF
My answer: "English is dumb, I'll  stick with GIF. I'm not calling it jjjiieeeiiipppffs."
Jigif
People who say JIF will be sent to hell by God for calling him Jod
when you say jif i think of the uhh i think of it uh hmm the uhhh i was the its the you know the BETA MALE      looks at you in chad because i say it as gif
I interchange it usually instead of have a definitive answer for my way so pronouncing it
Jraphical
JIGSIGJSIJIF better
Whether it's pronounced "Gif" or Jif," as long as we know it means "Graphic Interchange Format," it doesn't matter.
GIF or DJIF
It's because 70% of people are average intelligence or higher. The other 30%, well...
Jizz...
I'm just going to say "Gujif". Easy as pie.
Say it how my nan says it. Literally says esch letter G I F
the way I see it is G instead of J because of the the peanut butter brand being pronounced the same to the same as the creator as Jif
me : gíph :)
JIF is wrong end of the story
I'll always pronounce gif like jif because that's how I learned to say it and I'm stubborn :)
Yall are just stupid. It is Jif
I will pronounce it like gif no matter what everyone tells me
Gif
well i dont say any of those to , i say   (G  I   F )
Mortals: Gif/Jif -someone wins Evil: if -no one wins Ultimate super brainpower gods: Gjif
I JUST WANT A SOLUTION AAAAAAAA
Legends pronounce it as G-I-F
If you have to go against what the CREATOR says, then you’re wrong😂
Haha jokes on you I’ve been pronouncing it bif this whole time
Its a "Jif" like Giraffe
ok, so how do you pronounce .JIF then, not exactly a common filetype nowadays but that's where I made my decision on wich hill to die on
Imagine pronouncing GIF as jif andgoing straight to the depths of after calling God Jod.
Yea it’s definitely gif, glad you agree
Isn’t Jif peanut butter or something
Personally, I like Gifologiastically.
Garbage has entered the chat Every other g pronunciation disconnected
Big up Gillingham Dorset
It’s gif
This reminds me of the time Uno tried telling people how Uno was "properly" played and people just ignored it
Conclusion: English is beyond f*cked
Anyone else live their whole life not knowing that laser and scuba were acronyms? No? Just me? Ok
i wish anyone who pronounces it "jif" a terrible evening
And then there is spanish people like me who prounounce it gif even tho if it was prounounced that way it will be guif Edit: gif in spanish it's prounounced geef. I just wanted to add that
đif
This guy spent 3 minutes explaining a pronunciation
じーーーーっふ
I want a birthday jift
I pronounce it G.I.F
gif or dilf? good question
Should be ... hehe. What are you tslking about? English is the most messy language in Europe- no rules at all.
For the last time: it’s gif, not gif
Whooo .....?
I'm still pronouncing gif as gif because I think calling it gif is stupid
We all know it's spelt "Graphics Interchange Format"
i use the pronunciation guif, because i'm spanish and the other would sound like "hif"
Say this word out loud: Gift.   Now say this: Christmas Gift  Now drop the last ‘T’ any say it again
I don't get it. GIF is a short form for Graphics Interchange Format. The G in Graphics is pronounced G-raphics, so why not use G-IF? Might as well say J-raphics if you pronounce it J-IF.
whatever you call it is fine I just want the short moving pictures
I say it both ways.
I prefer to say g-i-f.
It's a little awkward when its creator pronounces it wrong.
I actually pronounced it G-I-F when I read it...
How? Its gif not jif wtf is jif it dosent have a G in it
ur wrong
Me when I get denied access to heaven when I greet god with “jod”.
If more people pronounce it with hard G then is with hard G. Fin
In France sometimes it can even just be /zIf/
So I’m the only one saying “jife”
Soooooo it can be pronounced either way??? Idk rly fridgin know.
If it was meant to be pronounced Jif, ya shoulda named it jif. It’s gif.
As a Spanish speaker I always hear the word pronounced as GIF. I think not only the way is pronounced its in the game here, also it's the language where it was invented
and then is me who sound it out in spanish
For me as a non native speaker it seemed like Jif, while in my native language i pronounce it Gif... Jif seemed more english to me i presume
Its Gif
It's not griphics, it's graphics. That's why I pronounce it that way.
I mean how do u pronounce “G”? Then bring that pronunciation to “Gif” there that’s how u say it
Me reading the title: 👁👄👁
If you pronounce it jif, you probably push babies into oncoming traffic
The moment you say "gif is pronounced 'jif'", you prove yourself wrong.
Title: It’s pronounced GIF  Do you have the slightest idea how little that narrows it down
The title was very helpful
Ok cool, Im still saying it with a G tho.
Yea it's gif
I say gif if you say jif I don’t really care
I see no reason why we can't have two pronounciations for it.
ITS GIF WITH A HARD "G" OK 😭😩
English sucks.
I say both pronunciations every time I use this word just so people don't get annoyed and understand what I'm talking about. In turn, that's super annoying that I have to do that. Can we just settle on one? I don't care which one.
Well in my language we say “g” as just “g”, no g sounds like j
I'm now a self-contained underwater breathing apparatus diver. 1:28
Makes no sense I'm still calling it gif
It's gif and always has been. those who say gif are objectively wrong
Well, gif used to be a word in old english, and had standard pronunciation. The bad news?  Yiff.
it's GIF. The G stands for graphics, not jraphics. Stop being peanut butter fanboys and accept the truth.
"It's GIF" "No, it's GIF" Me, a native speaker of phonetically consistent language: 🙄
Ah yes, my favorite way to pronounce gif: d3if
honestly at this point i literally change my pronunciation depending on who i’m around so i don’t start this argument again. i pronounce “jif” btw
It Is JIF, Ok? Its Done
I just gravitate to "gift' as it's not pronounced "jift". Are there any other words that start 'gif...' that is pronounced with a "j"?
It’s gif
I never understood people who pronounce it jif
According to the Oxford dictionary it’s pronounced “Yiff”
It's gif simple as that idk what the creators says
ITS GIF... LITTERALLY ITS WRITTEN GIF WHY TF WOULD IT BE JIF!?
As an italian i’ve always pronounced it gif
I just say  Jee ee ev
The inventor of the word said it's pronounced jif/dgif
i would say it sounds more like gif
It’s yiff
it’s definitely just gif 🙄
It's actually pronounced 'yiff'
Sorry, it's a proprietary technology. It's simply not an English word. It's not a generic term for lossless image compression. The creator says it's pronounced "jif" than that's how it is. I have always said it wrong, I will do my best to change. We don't get to debate this. It's a shame that PNG doesn't have an animated form, so we could have forgotten about this format entirely.
Sorry but if I invented something I deserve to have it said the way I intended for it to be when I put it out.
Nah its definitely GIF
It's "graphic" not "Giraffic"   That's was sold GIF over "gif" for me
i just say g.i.f
Its dzif
bruhhh ewwww bruh sussy
People who pronounce it jif also pronounce it jift
Me who sometimes say it as " G I F " individually 💀
I used to think you were smart.
I still call it.. j i f
No.
I mean if it’s one letter less than gift.. just take off the t you feel me
We all know that the real way to spell GIF is GIF
Jif is for children and people who try to be different when that lack a personality
nerd
G-I-F
there’s a g so I pronounce it as gif
It’s pronounced JIF.
I took a computer software class in high school and was stated in the textbook "GIF (pronounced 'jif')". I believe that's the way it's pronounced, but do to social and peer pressure I feel obligated to say "Gif"
Hard G. Everything in the English language makes this a hard G. Anyone saying "jif" including the creator of the word, is wrong.
I say jif and gif-
We all no it’s pronounced gįçêń
People who say “G.I.F” 😐
i say both
I’ve always said jif
shutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutup
Losers police language while the rest of us are Carpe’n all them Diems
Ummmmmm… sooooo what should we call it….
I knew it
I swear everytime I see this videos thumbnail, his face gets older
I say Graphics Interchange Format
If there are debates about it being either ‘jif’ or ‘gif’ I say we follow the furries with this one and just pronouncer it as ‘yiff’.
The correct answer is… **dies**
I hate democracy
"Uhh its jof not gif" whoever says that is an idiot.       (Jokes kinda)
Gif is what I think it is
petition to start pronouncing "jpeg" as "jfeg"   /s
If you spell it as “jif” to tell people the pronunciation you think it is, it’s not how it’s pronounced
Your intelligence beams through your videos. Love your work and personality. Thank you for the lessons as always
It's yiff
*me still saying “j i f”*
The "only thing" im gonna say is "gift then take away the t" since the t isnt the one producing the sound... now i wont be subjective i understand the confusion although it just seems odd
Acronyms weren't intended to be read like a word... therefore everyone's wrong and it's pronounced gee eye eff
I originally read it like “gift” without the t, but I retrained my brain to read it like “jif” when I found out that’s how the creator pronounced it almost a decade ago and now it’s too hard to start over
Me who says G.I.F -:
It's GIF not JIF
IF THE PEANUT BUTTER IS (J)IF, and pronounced “jehf”, THEN (G)IF IS “gehf”
My younger brother pronounces it "G aye f
So it IS "gif" 😏
Well considering it's a file extension and not a word, it's pronunciation should be obvious. It's pronounced "dot-G-I-F".
i knew it was pronounced gif guys
I hate to be the one to say it, but according to the ancient scriptures, its pronounced "yiff"
Thanks for this linguistics class.
Imagine one day the clouds part and god comes down to say only "it's pronounced jod" before leaving again
me who pronounce it as : G - I - F 👁👄👁
What does GIF stand for again?  Graphical Interchange Format.  Are you telling me it's Jraphical Interchange Format?
Anyone who says "jif" shouldn't be trusted. Like people who sniff glue or kick dogs... You're just better off staying away from them.
I pronounce it as gif, wait- so the Dutch ppl say the G weird, u can search it up on yt or google, but since im Dutch, i pronounced is at gif. Bc gif is poison in dutch.
It's pronounced yiff but okay.
Giraffe not Grrraffe
Yif
guys, good news. we found out how to say gif. bad news. its pronounced yiff
I would pronounce it jif if it was GIFF.
I say G I F wtf
I say Gee Aye Eff (GIF)
Yes, so it is gif
It's with a g not a j smh
I always say it with a hard G, just because the the G stands for Graphical not Japhical.
I just say it as G.I.F
Haha the add was master English - learn to speak haha
I know it’s technically pronounced jiff but I refuse to call it jiff
When I say it I spell it out I don’t say either versions
just pronounce it the way it’s spelt
*Me who uses both* .-.
It is pronounced G-I-F.
I like how we read the word but don’t say it the way we read it sometimes.
G for graphic. i said what i said.
it's  pronounced "replaying silent video of joker dancing"
Most ppl are just saying gif or jif but I say g.i.f
I say jif
Skeppy says no... well... said no.
I don't care if the person who created it said that it's pronounced as Jif, I'm still saying Gif.
I say "jif"
Oh I always thought it a was a ripoff of GI Joe, GI Foe
Me who says the letters instead of pronouncing it as a whole word.... G. I. F.
i guess bloo was right?
Anyone can pronounce it how they want to. As long as other people know what they mean, it doesn't matter how it was originalky pronounced. So why should anyone care? I pronounce it as JIF, others pronounce it as GIF. Who cares? They both have the same meaning, so who gets to decide how people should say specific things? Debates like these really are pointless. It's just enunciation. Not mathematical formulas.
It's pronounced gif, like enough.
Deaf people watching this 🤨
I prefer to pronounce it _Jyphe_
"Only 70 percent"
The only correct way is to say Graphic interchange format
I pronounced it Jif.
I'd rather use G I F
I too agree it's pronounced gif
Guys i think its pronounced gif
I also though gif had won, jiff is peanut butter
Both are wrong. It's a hard Dutch G.
I just say g i f
Jif sounds stupid, gif slips of the tongue better
I always get confused for a second watching people say Jiff… just doesn’t make sense!!
Ok so who’s getting the present
it's GIF
I always said G.I.F. cause I assumed it was an acronym.
I'm gunna stick with the pronunciation the creator decided on. If it were any other case. Then there's no right or wrong way to say anything.
I refuse to befriend anyone who pronounces it jif.
Its clearly Gif
WHY AM I THE ONLY PERSON WHO SAYS JIF
Me who pronounce GIF as " JI AY EF "  *Im 4 parallel universe ahead of you*
Wtf i call it     G    I     F
It's pronounced grass
Well, for me it's "gif" (as in not "jif") bc I was born in Germany and that's how you'd pronounce it in German.
Am I the only one that forgot how I pronounced GIF?
its definitely gif
being bilingual in French I say "jeef"
Anyone here because of stevies video?
I prounce it G I F
Legends who pronounce it as G-I-F: *I am four parallel universes ahead*
Oh I always said G.I.F.
It's jif just accept it 🤦
I just say- G I F
In german we pronounce it "gif" by default because there's no native "dj" sound in the language. "Jungle" in german is "Dschungel"
I mean if the creator says so
It's not "Jiff", it's GIF. The word 'Graphic' is not pronounced "Giraffic", it has a hard 'G' sound. Clearly the inventor needs to learn basic phonetics.
people going to hell for calling God "Jod"
Jif gang
The correct pronunciation is actually gee-I-eff
So, we all agree, it pronounced "wuhsheshestre" sauce?
Damn, I say GIF too! What a coincidence!
It’s pronounced gif, not gif
It’s pronounced ‘tiff’ actually
how do you think "Jif" or "Yiff" Its gif
It’s gif, why? Because our next closest word to it is; gift. Pronounce it like gift or you’re just a tit that thinks they’re being clever.
jit push origin master
Why do people pronounce it gif, it sounds better as Jif
Gif is correct
It’s gif not jif
Well, I have good and bad news. Good news, we found an (old) book that settles on a pronunciation. Bad news is…. It’s pronounced [yiff].
It’s pronounced gif
This confused me
Who came here from the stevie vid? Be honest.
It’s gif not jif
Yiff
Technically speaking, it’s an file type, like a  png. So instead of Jif or giff it should be “GEE EYE EFF” because I don’t hear people say PIINNNG instead of png
Actually if you say "jif" it would sound like yiff which is...
GRAPHIC interchange format. NOT JRAPHIC, Not GIRAPHIC. Yall jonna make me jive up on this small jripe of an arjument.
When the nerd says: "iT's pErnOuNcED G. I. F"
G-ga-bite 😂🤣
People who pronounce it "jif" are gonna go to hell because they're gonna call god "jod"
I'm german so for me it's gif.
Ploob or poob?
Petition for jif to be jiz instead
Ask people under the age of 30 and I guarantee you will get a lot higher than 70% of people saying gif
The only think I know about GIF, is that its a looped short video
Gin, Gel, Gym, Gif simples.
I just mispronounce it "Heef" on purpose so nobody corrects me
Why the hell doesn't anyone simply pronounce it G-I-F!?
Language got both G's 😛
G is actually pronounced j in my language
People who pronounce GIF as “Jif” being sent straight to hell after calling God “Jod”
G just shouldn’t have the J sound in my opinion
It's pronounced "Graphics Interchange Format"
Lmao I just say the letters g-i-f
great video! thanks for making this.
this is kinda like my username
its pronounced like the g in garage
Peanut Butter Jif
Everyday, we stray further from Jod.
I'd certainly go with yiff
I’ve always said gif bc the word is easier to say and easier to understand verbally. If you say gif people might think you’re talking about a gift.
I Pronounce it like the inventor of the word.
YouTube is pronounced “YouChube”
It’s spelled with a “G” it’s not JIF peanut butter.
I am from Germany so for me it  depends  on the language that I am using. If I am using English I say "jif" whereas in German I say "gif"
I write gif and say jif.
No you are wrong it's jif
no its gif, not gif
Yiff
The World: "ITS GIF" "NO, ITS JIF" Me: JI AY EF
It’s pronounced gif
gif > jif
No it’s not gif it’s gif
Let's call it GEEF
Yiff
Ah, I was always wondering how to pronounce gif, glad I finally know that it's pronounced gif
I've never understood why descriptivism is considered in such high regard these days. The written language exists to store ideas in a permanent format, so that information isn't lost in memory and verbal retellings. It's also to give people a structure that they can use to learn the language itself. Descriptivism is counterintuitive to both of these things. No, we _don't_ simply use the language to describe how people speak. People speak _using_ the language. And yes, language changes, in the sense that new concepts arise and need new words. No, it should not be considered a valid "change" in language if people start using the wrong spelling or pronunciation en masse. The original usage was usually that way for a reason, and accepting people being wrong as suddenly being right muddles and obscures that reason.   Take the word "mischievous" for example. It comes from "mischief". The correct pronunciation is "mischief", but replace the "f" with "vous" (sounding like vuss). You can tell that mischievous comes from mischief just by hearing it, and therefore get a sense of its meaning, even if you've never heard it before. However, it has become more and more common to pronounce mischievous as "miss-chee-vee-uss", which is just...horribly wrong. There's no excuse for pronouncing it that way. And yet, it has started to become an officially "accepted" pronunciation of the word, because people are wrong so often. But you can't tell what the word means when it's mispronounced, because it sounds nothing like its root word. Thus, we have lost intuitive and clear meaning because of descriptivism.   Now, obviously not every word that gets spelled or pronounced incorrectly will have the exact problems given in this example. My point was simply that words usually have meaning that can be inferred without necessarily having heard that exact word before, and descriptivism is a surefire way to destroy that clarity.   And yes, I've heard the "but language changes all the time, look at these words that meant something totally different hundreds of years ago" argument. And it's complete nonsense. Simply because something has been wrong for so long doesn't make it right to continue in that manner. Should we have kept slaves around, simply because we'd already been doing it for a long time? Education is more easily available now than ever before. There's no reason people shouldn't be held accountable to using the correct forms of the words they're using. And I'm not arguing that we should go back to the original meanings/spellings/pronunciations of words that have already changed due to descriptivism. That would take an unreasonable amount of effort and be doomed to fail. However, we _can_ stop the degradation of our language, and our understanding of our language, if we actually care to do so. Sadly, it seems most people "in charge" of such things (i.e., linguists) don't care
Jiggif
Jif sounds wrong
It’s gilf
G I F
The fact the you have to spell it “jif” so that people know you’re saying the wrong one makes it obvious why GIF is pronounced GIF, otherwise my sentence would be “JIF pronounced JIF” end of conversation thank you and goodnight
I say Gif and not Gif. Gif just sounds stupid.
I pronounce lever as lever not liver
Who tf pronounces G as a J in gif? It's a G. Not a J. Sjnsisnsksjsjksksks
why am i watching word debates
G stands for Graphic… how’s that even a debate?
Gif has deffinetly lost all meaning now in my head. Said it too much
/d3if
the inventor said JIF and i stick to that. GIF sounds lame
It’s an acronym ffs, Graphic something something. Of course it’s a G not J
its pronounced like gif and not like gif
I call it George
I think the most likely reason people say "Gif" and not "Jif" is because it's one letter off from gift, which is a really common word for most people
I used to read it as gif but then i started reading it as gif
i love these language related videos
It's pronounced gif not gif
Regardless of which way is correct, if you say Jif, there are two possible spellings, whereas if you say Gif as gift - t, there is only one.  So you should say Gif for clearer communication even if you think that's wrong
No, it’s actually pronounced gif
The Giraffe General has Giant Genitalia.  I personally respect the creators pronunciation .
I, too, pronounce graphics as jraphics.
Gift. Gif. That’s all.
Gif is just a vido on replay who was the fkr that sayd it was his invention???
Now I'm even less certain what to call it
jif
"Is it pronounced gif or jif?"  Me who pronounces it as: "Graphics Interchange Format"
Its pronounced "pancake"
It's gif, if you think it's jif you like peanut butter and your brain is a peanut
Its pronounced jizz acctually
Thanks, came here to know how "gif" is pronounced... Ended up knowing that "laser" is an acroname
This is one of the of all time
Nobody calls it JIF, frick you.
Its gif tho
If anyone is wondering G is actually pronounced as is in "garbage"......
it was easy for me. i am not a native english speaker, and in my mother language the letter "g" is almost always, especially at the beginning of words, pronounced hard and soundless (exceptions are mostly english or french words). so my german brain automatically went "GIF". years later i heard someone call it "JIF" and i was so confused, because i never even considered that as an option.
So is it gif or gif?
How do I pronounce jalapeno?
It's jif. Look it up
Ask yourself why and how are you here? Because I know you ain’t search for this video
It's pronounced yiff
No it’s pronounced gif
Here's something special and simple. Gif is like Gift without the T
If GUI is said as a word with a hard G for graphics, IMO gif should as well since they’re both computing acronyms
It's actually spelt "gift"
If it's jif then you should have found an acronym that started with J
Jif is very close to yiff so Gif is better
In spanish, we call it "gif", we don't have "jif" for the "g" :)
Jraphics
So what I've learned today is that it's pronounced "GIF". Good to know. I've spent my life calling it "GIF".  Are you positive it isn't pronounced "GIF", though?
Its obviously jif
jief.
It that case I'll face Jod and walk backwards into hell
I hate english
Colour or color
I sure do love my jolden retriever
Me who says it as jee eye ef:
Laser is an acronym?! Where have I been the past 25 years?!
It’s gif not gif
All the people who disliked are those who don't like it the way gif is pronounced.
Am I weird or do some people just pronounce the letters
I don’t care  Still going to pronounce it with a hard G.
What if we all just call it looped moving image
i've always pronounced it as "jif"👁️👄👁️
Jraphical interchange format
People who pronounce gif as jif you go drown themselves in jif peanut butter
It spell GIF but pronounced JIF so why not put J in GIF
I pronounce it as * jiff
Incredible that 70% are wrong
God himself could come down and say it’s Jif and and I would look him dead in the eyes and say aight bet thanks for the info jod
I always thought the S in Laser was for "simulated" not "stimulated". Weird.
Graphical Interchange Format, not Giraffical Interchange Format. Nice invention creator, you may have zero understanding of pronunciation but you're what allows me to send reactions to my mates on messenger!
I reject your reality and substitute my own.
the g is silence
does anyone else just say g *space* I *space* f
There is a different file file.jif
I'm dumb and just refer to files as "dot G I F files" and "dot J P G files" and the like to avoid conflict
Personally I use a hard g, because Gift uses one. I understand that linguistically they aren't related, but it feels as if the addition of a voiceless alveolar stop (shout out jan Misali and Conlang Critic) at the end shouldn't have an effect on the g, in the same way that adding ed to gift doesn't change the pronunciation of gifted.   Also, from my limited google research, it appears that many of the words that begin with Gi that have a soft g are derived from older iterations of Romance languages, and Gi with a hard g seems to be more indicative of Germanic languages. Although I'm sure this is not an exact rule, it vaguely looks like a pattern is forming.  It also appears that in English, words that begin with gif are (at least in the majority) derived from gift, so it seems like that the letter cluster "gif" at the beginning of the word or in this case the whole word, is almost exclusive enunciated with a hard g.
In Japanese it’s pronounced /GIFU/ 🇯🇵 and in Spanish is /HIF/ 🇪🇸  🤪
It's pronounced "gIF" OK SO EVERYONE STOP AND JUST ADMIT IT!!!
Did you know that the creator of youtube has said its not actually youtube its pronounced yaowtubi.
no its D.I.E. shockwave
If the inventor says it’s pronounced “jif” then what you’re referencing should respect the inventor, besides, “jif” sounds more fun what’s wrong with you people
It's gif not gif silly
The left one is correct  Jiffy PEANUT BUTTER IS NO
The inventor of GIF: It's pronounced JIF™! Me: I REJECT your reality and substitute my own!
I had absolutely 0 clue until now Laser was an acronym. This is life changing.
it's yiff
Pronounces it as "G.I.F."
Wrong, it’s pronounced, yif
Its obviously gif. Gif is the only version of gif that is...                       🍅 Tomato Approved 🍅
Smh , i prononce it as G..I..F (• ▽ •;)
it's /gif/ not /jif/
Hahaha I caught your pronunciation. I’m the opposite one, it’s just what always made the most sense to me.
SVG or SVg?
I’m the only guy who just says “G-I-F”?
Graphic is pronounced g not j
No you are all getting it wrong, it’s gif!
it’s gif! It’s jif! The creator: well actually it’s yif
Imagine disagreeing how a word is beeing pronounced with the actual guy who came up with it.. Are these people eating dog treats aswell by any chance?
I like to be chaotic and pronounce it “yif”
look everyone is entitled to their options on how to pronounce things...       except for here. It is Gif not Jif
I used to say it with hard g but its less ambiguous with soft g since it cant be mistaken for “gift”
jif
I decided to keep calling it gif after TheoJoe’s video because I didn’t like his attitude.
Everyone start calling him Tōm.
GIF is an acronym, yes?  Graphics Interchange Format or some such?  Therefore it's hard G, period, the end.  There shouldn't even be a debate, no matter how much the creator wills it.  Too bad, you lose, game over.  Shoulda named it something else.
I will always call it GIF
Did you know, read and lead rhyme and read and lead rhyme, but read and lead don't rhyme and neither do read and lead. Welcome to English one of the most confusing languages out there.
People who say jif are degenerate and missing parts of their brain
I don't get English. Why do you need a G to do J's work? Why do you need C to do K's work? And clearly we don't need to put P and H together to get the F sound since we already got F to do that.
Gif
Dont care imma say gif with a g
I belive in germany, most of us say jif.
Are you going gray?
I think we go with the Spanish and say hif
Its a hard g
Guys What if it's pronounced _gif_ tho???
I never read it as gif or jif, I always read it as gee-eye-eff.
i often forget which one i use so i sometimes use gif and sometimes jif
Graphic interchange format. "Jif"
ANY JIFFERS 🌝🌝🌝🌝🌝🌝😩
This is quite the long winded cope  Next you'll be telling us that "Porsche" is really pronounced "porsh" because the majority are just stupid.
I just say "hif"
Yea but it'd be even worse if Gif was pronounced "yiff"
I say GIF not JIF as we already have a letter that makes "j" sound so lets say it's a "g" sound.
You would think the inventor of the word would get some consideration...it's Jif, always has been.
Its "g" "i" "f"
GILF
Jgif
I thought it was jif-
Is it ironic that you mispronounce proNUNciation?
If GIF is pronounced with a J sound, then how do you pronounce JIF? Being that this is dealing with computer file types, it should be handled in a logically analytical way to avoid confusion. And how else would you pronounce JIF if GIF is pronounced with soft G? You wouldn't since J only has one pronunciation in English.
I still pronounce it GIF.
Boromir isn’t from the kingdom of Jondor. Gifs aren’t a peanut butter brand.  Simple as.
I originally read it as “jif” so that’s what I have been saying ever since then
An additional factor you didn't seem to mention is whether you included cognates. Technically those don't count since they aren't the words from our language they were borrowed from another language.
All the words are correct
Gif
Go to hell, it’s Gif
Giraffe should be spelled Jirrafe. Like Josh, Jump, Jam.
Ok thank you very much, i will now correct everyone who doesn't speak it correct😂
Its not gif, its gif
Yes, you write gif, you say gif and you hear gif.
You morons, it's GIF 😒
Jif sounds similar to the brand. Gif is better
It’s actually pronounced [yiff]
I say both when I'm talking to not make anyone mad
If a word sounds normal when pronounced one way, and sounds way too similar to jizz the other way, I'll happily stick with the normal way.
GIFFFF
G IF
Didnt know it could be pronounced JIF. Guess now its not GIF,but now its JIF - Jraphics Interchange Format
Can’t wait to go to heaven and meet Jod
Gif-t.
It's not gif or jif, it's GILF!
IT IS A GIF BEACUSE IT HAS A G NOT A J
I think its pronounced gif not gif
God comes down to earth and says if im god not jod its gif not jif
I've always just pronounced it like the Greek gyro. YIF >u>
Nah it's yiff
People who pronounce GIF as "jif" being sent to hell after meeting God at the pearly gates and calling him "jod"
It's : Gif NO its : Jif Me : Tenor
It's funny how people arguing for it being pronounced jif need to spell it differently to explain
I looked it up and it said yif you all are wrong
If you refer to it as a “gif jif” or “jif gif” every time to refer to it, you can’t get it wrong 😏
I used to call it “gif”, when I grew up my brain automatically started calling it “jif”
Honestly doesn’t matter we know what your saying either way
Too easy
A very interesting breakdown of the argument! Overall, I think it’s fine to accept multiple pronunciations of the word. I mean, why not?
Real men pronounce it "Zheev"
The creator is simply wrong.
I've pronounced it gif with a guh sound my whole life but i will admit the jpeg thing is probably the best point made in this vid.
Vox Populi Vox Dei. The population decides how words are pronounced.
Through another video from Tom I learned how to detect bad green screening...
Data from Startrek decided this argument in the 80s. Hard g.
I literally have no social life.. why did I clicked this video
Why are you jeh?
I just say moving picture :/
It is pronounced jiv
This video is so popular and such a good answer that it is now the result google will show if you look up: "How to pronounce GIF"
Jif Team assemble!
Mom: JIF Me: GIF  My dad: GFI outlet 🤪
World: "GIF" or "JIF"? Me, an intellectual boomer: Those little moving pictures on the web.
I say gif personally
its yiff
If ur gonna make a word that is new to people and doesn't read like it's written you should expect this, Gif is gif not jif
Imagine going to heaven and calling God Jod, you'll go straight to hell.
How about the people that pronounce the ending "ing" as if it's "een".   Thinkeen, studyeen, etc.
In Swedish there's a rule that g before a soft vowel, like i, is pronounced j, so we always use the hard g in GIF 😆
I'm spanish, so I say it like Gif, so I dont know why I'm seeng this.
i literally just say gif
In romanian gi is pronounced ji, but i still prononounce gif like gif not jid
And yet a lot of people around the world that are not english speakers pronounces the letter g like in "gift"
Apparently my colleagues at work store their code in 'jithub'...
I pronounce it as yiff
I was today years old when I learned scuba stood for something. 🤦‍♂️
It's pronounced GIF not GIF
Its gif like gift just without the t
I say it with a hard U
Clearly whoever invented the acronym and the very object of discussion should have the final say. Or actually the only say. It's pronounced JIF. Time to get over it.
dude gif is so much better then gif what do you mean???
Gif raffe
gif is pronounced gif
well in my language "g" is souns like g the sound you guys make is like "j"  for me so im gonna read it as "gif"  for sure
*ahem*      Yif
HARD G all the way.
Apparently the cleaning product Jif was renamed Cif as some countries couldn't pronounce the J.   This could be just rumors though. A quick Google just tells you that it was to align with how they called it in other countries outside the UK.
Its gif
In German it easy. its GIF cause G is everytime a hard one
People who say "jif" are insane monsters
Gift without the t. Easy.  You're welcome.
“Only 70%” majority rules. Nobody cares.
If it was pronounced ‘JIF’ it would *probably* be spelled ‘JIF’ - just saying. It’s obviously GIF, like ‘gift’ but without the T.
You don't call god Jod either
um how do yall pronounce gym then lmao
Me, a Pole, reading it as gif cuz g is always pronounced as in gift in Polish.
Its jig not gif.. No, we changed it. But.. but I made the word
Jiff sounds better tho.
it's JEE AYY EFF but gif sounds cooler so gif wins if you're a cool dude
What debate???? The only debate around this could be jif vs kraft :) its pronounced jif because you make an off hand joke about peanut butter does not give much reasons for it.
I don't think our minds go gi- words. Atleast not if you pronounce it GIF not jif. I think our minds look for gif- words. And the only ones it comes up with is gift.
Wait I thought people are supposed to call it d3if
This is why all English words starting with G should be pronounced with the hard G.
It is in fact pronounced gif
People who say jif being sent to hell for calling god jod
Me who says gee.eye.F every time: I don't have such weakness
Welcome to Jraphics Park
People who pronounce gif as “jif” being sent directly to hell after meeting God at the pearly gates and calling him Jod
I dont care, i say GIF  (Gee-Eye-Eff)
It's clearly gif not gif
I've always wondered where the hell this the word "scuba" come from!
It's pronounced "gif" with the same g sound that's found in "Ganges"
Not sure why we are still talking about this, didn't GIF have the patent problem and didn't we move on to PNG instead ?
Gee Eye Eff
its gif with a g
I never knew the fish part was pronounced different from the unit of measurement. Is that a UK thing, or are Yanks supposed to do that, too?
I pronounce it "yiff"
Well the problem is because of English
Me: Jee Aye Eff
I say both, i dont really care
I say gif with a G because I don’t want to confuse it with the .jfif format (pronounced jiff)
The g is said like the g in sign
Gif is a soundless, short video clip. Jif is a brand of cleaning products.  End of story. :)
Gift  Gif Nothing changes the t is just gone
no, it’s pronounced “gif”
It's gif and it has always been gif
It's a bit like Nike and Nikey
correct answer, it doesn't matter :P
Its hhgiff (hhhgk-if) with an accent
I say saying it with a hard G sounds too similar to “Gift” which is much more common of a word than “JIF” so although it will sound exactly like another word, that word is rarely used so for clarity sake it should be pronounced “JIF”.
I've always pronounce it PIF
If the owner says its JIF, i think it should be JIF
I would pronounce it jif if more people pronounced it that way
It's pronounced  *JIF* not *GIF*   My friend: so what did you do this weekend? Me: *I learned my life was a lie.*
Most brazillians say gife
I'm german and GIF is pronounced GIF not JIF
Now next question is it data or data?
Everyone: *talking about the different pronunciations* Me: *didnt even know LASER and SCUBA were acronyms...*
Not related to the topic but :  *j a r b a g e*
me as a german say Gif... dgif sound really weird xD
Jif
I think people should call it G I F and not gif or jif just so theres less confusuion
so it's "GIF" or "GIF"?
Yoda: Allow this pronunciation lightly, the Council does not. Disturbing is this move by Oxford English Dictionary.  GIF: I understand.  Mace Windu: You are in this dictionary, but we do not grant you a phonetic pronunciation.   GIF: What? How can you do this!? This is outrageous! It's unfair! How can you be in the Oxford English Dictionary and not have an official phonetic pronunciation!?
The problem is that there's another file format is called .Jif so...
I think it’s pronounced gif actually
It's pronounced "yiff"
So I pronounce gift card jift card?!
Only SOY BOYS and Karen's say JIF
Creator of gif: it's pronounced JIF People: that sign cannot stop me because I can't read
I call it JIF
I, personally, prefer GIF.
Pov:this was in your recommended
Can't be wrong about it. It's GIF
Dont tell me its jif if its clearly written as gif 🔫
For me it’s pronounced JIF because I’m portuguese and it’s more natural
Graphic Image Frechfries
Gaif
The creator is wrong
it's yiff
*My name's jif*
People who say gif in 70%: My live is a lie People who say g.i.f: ypu thing so
Hey, it's called    G   I     F     Not Jif, not gif, not jim,   Not gim,    GIF
I always say "gif"
“There must be no correct way to speak handed down…” Except when it comes to transgenderism.
Jraphical Interchange Format
I just say Jif because it rolls off the tongue better
Actually, it pronounced "peebutt mcfartface"
Gif means poison here in dutch
Just pronounce it as YIFF
Its gif duh
People getting sent directly to hell who pronounce gif jif walking up to the pearly white gates and call god jod
Bruh i forgot how i pronouns the word
"IT'S GIF!"  "NOOOO IT'S JIF!"  Me, an intellectual: *Graphics Interchange Format*
Honestly its g i f so i mean idk
Only real ones pronounce it "yiff"
Call me a psycho all you want but I always say “G.I.F.” Like each individual letter.
Call it what you want, different parts of the country have accents for words already this is no different really. To me it's the alternative word because jif is a peanut spread. The English language is a cesspit of a language anyway 'and its my main language' multiple words and spelt the same and pronounced differently, words spelt differently but pronounced the same. Silent letters 'no i before e except after c'... 'except when the rule do not apply' I feel bad for people learning English and I dread teaching my kids one day.
This reminds me when overwatch tease the release of Hammond for weeks then released him and said 'we called him wrecking ball now' and me and my friends were like... 'Hamond sound far better... We're sticking with hammond' as did a lot of people, and blizzard a small disagreement on their hands. In my opinion if a million people think it's "b' when it's actually 'a', it becomes a 'b'. Take the word 'Forté' as in 'not my fort-ay' i. e. 'Not my strong point.' its actually pronounced 'fort' but no one says that, at least to my knowledge.
It’s gif
"I thought that gif with a hard G had won"  Me: It did
WAIT UR THE GUY WHO CHOKED ON THE VAPE
Technically its pronounced "yiff"
NO! ITS PRONOUNCED GIF!
I pronounce it like JIF…
I say jif. Please don’t be mad at me.
I believe that is is pronounced AMOGUS
gee eye eff, you dont pronounce any other file extension like that...
I still don't understand why people are fighting over a pronunciation of a word, to me it doesn't matter at all because people will understand no matter which way you say it. It's like the word data, there are two pronunciations and both of them are accepted, so why are people fighting over this? It's so unnecessary
I once read this in a old book: “gif (pronounced ‘yiff’)”
You are very jifted
New challenger: yif
I don't understand how this is even a debate... It's pronounced "G-if" like "Gift" without the T. If it was "J-If" like the peanut butter, it would be spelled with a J
Its g  i  f
its clearly "yif"
I think the lesson we can all learn from this is that English is a very dumb language.
Đif
its pronounced Gih ff
Thank you for finally exposing the acronym fallacy. While I agree that hard GIF is the more logical pronunciation, the "graphics" argument is so wrong. I can't stand when people use it.  One more argument on the pro "JIF" side is that if you just read the letters: G-I-F, it sounds like JEE EYE EFF. The letter G itself is named with a soft "G" so it a short distance from "JEE EYE EFF" to "JIF."
its so funny when people say gif is pronounced as jif not gif. Like its ironic how wrong that statement is.
I like Jif, just feels easier to say ¦P
gack and gil
It’s definitely gif
Hard G all day, don't care. :)
Eh I still think it’s Jif
i dont look at a G pronouncing a J
It's pronounced geef
It's not GIF but it's GIF.
We called it greatest integer function
I think it’s giffy
I have never heard someone say /gif/ in my life unless they were trying to be funny.  What dimension are you in?
It’s graphics interchange format GRAPHICS
I will never say gif,Jif sounds a lot better.
I thinks its gif but coulde be gif but i still think its gif
me at the pearly gates meeting god and getting sent down to the 8th circle of hell for saying "jif"
it should be gif. ... but i stil say jif.
GIF
YOU DON'T NEED 3 MINUTES AND 23 SECONDS TO EXPLAIN. JUST SAY IT AND END THE VIDEO. I AM DISLIKING THIS VIDEO AND UNSUBCRIBING
I pronounce it as "moving pictures"
The points are made up and none of it matters
I hate this
gif > jif
People who don’t say yif🤡
For example, jungle diff
It’s gif if you say jif I’ll ddos you
dz is an existing letter in my alphabet  :0
Gif sounds better  Jif sounds like the peanut butter
It's what I say it is.
I live about 20 minutes from Gillingham, maybe that's why I say gif...
I say G.I.F
Inventor : *literally gives the pronunciation  Internet : *years discussing linguistics and phonetics to arrive at the correct pronunciation
the greek god "gif" is pronounced "yiff"
I call it moving pictures
its data
I dont care if the creator says it’s pronounced JIF, it’s just weird coming off the tongue when you say your sending a “JIF” I say “GIF”. It’s kinda like someone changes the way JPEG is pronounced to GPEG lmao, if 70% say GIF I say the 30% just needa roll with the 70%.
Holy Jesus
"T. O. Y. TOYYYYYYY"
2:00 We were one away from the funny number.
JIF is a brand G. I . F
It’s hif, it’s the only Sound both g and j can make
Just like the author and the literature teacher
I’d like to point out that the assumption that all people who have read GIF before hearing it are native English speakers is incorrect. In many languages letters (including my native Polish) letters are much more uniform in pronounciation. I’d be happy to look into the jif vs gif question with home country in mind. I now speak english on the same level as polish and think somewhere in between, but lone “g” is always like “garden”, lone “e” is like the second e in “electric” and lone “c” is closer to the “ce” in “central” than “see”.
g.i.f
When I read it in my head I read it as JIF but when I say it out loud I say GIF
Gift - t = Gif Bam
is pronounced yiff
Yiff
If its jif then why is it spelt gif? Therefore i say its gif
/dзif/
It's gif. Not jif. Sorry idiots, but that's how it works
Yiff.
Im a speaker of a slavic language, since every letter is pronounced the same way almost always i just got used to gif but the more i speak english the more it makes sense to say jif
I say g-i-f
nah i dont care but it has a 'g' so imma say gif, not jif, even if its technically incorrect.
I vote gif as in gift
in my opinion just say gif, its not gif guys. its gif
Hats off to you, this was just hilarious
D3ıf
Let's get rid of that problem an use WebM
for some reason I say "GIF" but if its plural I say "JIFs"  dont really know why
I swap between them.
Jif sounds to close to yizz that's why I personally don't like to say jif and gif sounds better
Jif is a peanut butter brand
-It's JIF -It's GIF -It's G.I.F. Me: It's G like in oranGe
Yiff
I can agree with pronouncing it as Graphics Interchange Format
Hmmm Jraphics Interchange Format then
I personally think it's pronounced as Gif, not Gif
it's pronounced "yiff"
You wouldn't pronounce it 'Jod,' would you? /j
in my laungage gif is pronounced as jif  and ghif is the gif cuz the group gi and ghi are defined and most words are said exactly as they are written
Its pronounced yiff
No. I refuse to call it gif.
/yiff/
If GIF is pronounced JIF, then god should be pronounced Jod
it’s G-I-F, not J-I-F
Dgjif
guys it’s pronounced data not data
and tomato is pronounced tomato
I would submit an uncommon argument: .gif's are usually sent between friends.  "I sent you a gift" makes more sense than "I sent you a JIF", so the former may be confused if .gif is a hard g.  For clarity, "jif" may be better
I'm calling it Jee Eye Eff and that is final.
no one:  me : "...G-I-F"
I'm going to be chaotic and pronounce gif by just pronouncing the letters seperately.
Just leave alone the other Gi to Ji, will you guys?
How do you say gift without the t?
Anyone else pronounce it GILF?
I pronounce it as G-I-F
What if the g is silent -The Percy Jackson Twitter account
Imagine naming something and then someone tells you that you're pronouncing it wrong.
Fun fact, in Dutch, gif = poison. I prefer the Dutch pronounciation of gif
My outlook is that  "Gif" is more unique than "Jif". I think of peanut butter every time is hear is pronounced with the "j".
I say G I F instead of saying it as a word I just say the letters
Jif
No it's pronounced guyf
i will now be using the word "jiffer" as an insult in arguments about this topic
jiff is simply wrong.
if it's pronounced jif, it should be spelled jif
It's Ploob, my honor.
This is literally only a problem in non phonetic languages, which is even more edvidnce for why I believe that English should become phonetically consistent as a language.
Jee eye eff
I don‘t gif a damn
There is a store called “cex” and according to the company it is pronounced as “sex” but literally everybody, including their employees, pronounce it as “c-e-x”!
I say G I F
I called it as G.I.F
Lmao my dumbass just realized Laser is a acronym
so confusing stupid language
Nah nah it’s actually gif
And then there's me who says G-I-F
If you have to spell it wrong to say it's "jif" not "gif" then it is most certainly GIF
GET. LAID.
You can keep your nasty brand of peanut butter.
If we pronounce it jif then there’s 69 words in the dictionary that start with g and sound like j
the only reason why ppl pronounce it as “jif” is cause the start of pronunciation for “G” is “j”
The jif is a true jift of jod.
Ahh the old dilemma…”it’s pronounced kardonay, in French the h is silent”
Come on guys, its gif not gif ffs get it right.
Jeff?
I just say gif
I have heard laser pronounced as lah-sir on occassion.
Gerald is punching the air rn
Brb boutta call God jod
I just say gee ui eff
Its jif, period.
I’ve always pronounced it like gif
"It's pronounced GIF."  Thanks for the eluding experience, Tom.
I pray to Jod that it's pronounced Jif
I prefer to pronounce it gif
All I know is that it’s pronounced like the ‘g’ in ‘garage’
Peanut butter?
Listen we all know its pronounced gif because jif is a peanut butter.
No it's graphics interchange format
This dude did all of this research and editing for me to not pay attention
It is pronounced jif
Hey guys, check out my new invention. It's called a poopenshitter.  What? No, it's pronounced "bicycle". Anyone who calls it a "poopenshitter" is just wrong and childish.
i pronounce it as "Yif" tho
Here’s my take: In English, G before an i or an e tends be pronounced soft if the word is of French/Latin origin and hard if the word is of Germanic origin. If you break down GIF (graphic interchange format), all of those words ultimately originate from Latin. Therefore, GIF is a Latin-derived word, so a soft G should be correct.
It’s pronounced gif.         When u read that, u assumed that I meant not jif, but, well, gif. Yea that’s how it’s spelled. And that’s how it’s pronounced. Its gif. Not jif. The spelling and pronunciation alike.
Choosy moms choose Jif (peanut butter), choosy devs choose gif (the image format). I agree with the creator of the format.
It's pronounced with the G sounding like a Y
Definitely gif
Where I am from GI is always pronounced as JI, so when I was young I would say JIF. Later I thought "it's an English word so it's probably GIF" and I stuck with that.
Wait a goddamn minute, laser is an acronym?!
It is gif not jif
And I still don’t care
Interesting that Tom points out that our brains probably scan every iteration of "gi" trying to find a phonetic match, but doesn't suggest that, at least as english speakers, we probably very quickly move right to gift. It's only one letter different and probably accounts for a decent number of people just saying gift without a t.
English is weird, mark my words
Y’all mfs saying JIF instead of GIF, going up to heaven and calling god, jod
"It's pronounced JIF, not GIF." I think that's all the evidence we need that it is, indeed, a hard g.
Gif and jif should be in peace :)... *o r  e l s e*
I pronunce it G I F
I pronounce the the word gif as           Gotcha
What about jif being its own format though?
As a romanian speaker, I agree with you
Me who pronounces it G I F :
I usually pronounce it as GIF, but sometimes I also use GIF.
The add i got on this vid was the shittiest game of all time its friday night funkin
If you think this video will convince me to say yiff out loud, try again.
do you mean the "guy" or the "Juy"
when you watch a tom scott video that goes for 3 minutes then 20 seconds later it feels like its already been 30 minutes
So you are saying its not gulf ?
g - i - f
I know this sounds stupid, but the letter "H" is pronounced "aitch" not "haitch" I'm sorry, it just really triggers me and annoys me when someone says "haitch Q". You can say "haitch" if you want, im just saying.
It's gonna be gif with the lighter g because people with time get lazy to say words so they make smaller and easier versions of them
Alright thanks, I'll go pronouncing it as 'd3if' now
Not jif
Are you telling me laser is an acronym this whole time
I thought it was pronounced jif. My life is a lie ;-;
Hmmm, interesting but I think I’ll stick with *GIF*
isnt there already a file type called jiff
I say JIF
We pronounce gift as a regular g and not a j. Gif is just getting rid of the t. Gift is a rather common word and the only of that sort with a g and I and f. So, gif with a regular g is the most sensible.
2:47 and my surname
It's called "F" because the "GI" went home
Y I F F
its pronounced "jit" not "git"
I've always said each letter on it's own. G. I. F.  I've just broken the earth 😁
I pronounce it as jee aye ef
... If the creator says it is pronounced "jiff" then that's how it's pronounced. Isn't that the logic of the world right now?
I like to say g.i.f
Its jif.
Due to the fact gift is pronounced the way it is I believe people took off the t and ran with that. Makes sense to me and I say gif as gift with no t.
Jiff is cleaning product so it gif
Wait Are you telling me  Its not pronouced giffhsjkqkajcofogogddigigfif?
I thought it was "GIFT"
Am I the only one who says G. I. F
Wtf is dzif
Me : Jee aay eff
I don't give a crap, it's gee eye eff.
I say "jif" even though "gif" makes much more sense. idk why...
People going to hell because they said jod instead of God
I feel like Jif'ers care way too much
I always called it a gif (rather than jif) u til I heard the correct way to say it was technically (jif)
GIF with a soft G is better, because it's a bit awkward when people think you're talking about some funny or interesting "Yiff"
ℲI⅁  GᵢF  🅶🅸🅵  𝓖𝓘𝓕  🔥☢  g𝐈𝕗  ♕🐤  ᴳᴵᶠ  ⒼⒾⒻ  ﻮเŦ  𝔾𝕀𝔽  🍩  🎀  𝒢𝐼𝐹  🎀  🍩  ＧＩＦ  𝒢𝐼𝐹  ɢɪꜰ  𝔊ℑ𝔉  G⃣   I⃣   F⃣  G⃞    I⃞    F⃞  🄶🄸🄵  ꟻIᎮ  G̵̱̟͈̹͎̎̀̈́I̴͖̺͐̓̄̃͗̈́̄͘͠F̸̜̣͉̝̟̘̍̐  𝕲𝕴𝕱  GIF  ɢɨʄ  ᎶᎥᎦ  ɠıʄ  ງif  𝐆𝐈𝐅  𝗚𝗜𝗙  𝘎𝘐𝘍  𝙂𝙄𝙁  𝑮𝑰𝑭  𝙶𝙸𝙵  GIF  gιƒ  GÌ£  ₲ł₣  Ꮆ丨千  ムﾉｷ  【G】【I】【F】  『G』『I』『F』  ≋G≋I≋F≋  ░G░I░F░  (っ◔◡◔)っ ♥ GIF ♥
The answer is a lot more simple: the letters are in fact pronounced separately since it is an acronym for "Graphics Interchange Format" and not an abbreviation for "Graphicsinterchangeformat". Although we can make it more simple and combine the letters when pronouncing it, but if we do so, we have to think that we are combining the letters "G" (which on its own is pronounced as _ʒ_ and not _g_), "I" and "F" and not parts of the word.
It will forever be gif not jif that sound wrong in so many ways
Am I the only one to always spell it?
I am from Denmark, and everyone pronounce it GIF but we say it with danish accent which has a very hard G
jokes aside I never knew LASER and SCUBA are also acronyms
Jif
The g in "gif" is pronounced the same as the g in "gigawatt"
I pronounce it Yiff
Whichever one you want!
Bruh who tf says jif 👹
I think I was like, well there is JIF the shower cleaner and this is clearly different. GIF it is.
I tend to use jif when speaking English and gif when speaking German, as pronouncing gi as Ji is rarely if 3ver done in german
Jif, final
the answer to every word is always the one that gets used the most
I'm gonna use a funny Big Bang Theory line: -"Those little animated pictures on the Internet, are they called 'gifs' or 'jifs'?" -"The G stands for 'graphic,' that's a hard G, so I'll say 'gif.'" -"The guy who invented it says it's 'jif!'" -"Wait a minute, do you mean the 'guy' or the 'juy'?" 🤣
I was used to a lemon juice brand called Jif growing up, so when I saw gif I pronounced it that way because of the association in my brain. I also thought it sounded nicer, but that may just be the influence of the lemon juice.
I will pronounce it jif
The jif sayers are the same folks who say me-me
"I recognize the counsel has made a decision but given that it's a stupid ass decision I've elected to ignore it" Me saying gif
When you guys say “jif” I just think of peanut butter.
hey Tom it cut out but we know you were going to say Gif not jif
I'm Icelandic/German, so the decision was made for me (hard g)
Jif. I don't give a damn what anyone thinks and I don't care how anyone else says it.
✨ idgif ✨
Why bother when you can spell it out and no one could say ur wrong
I pronounce it as jif, end of story. As long as Wednesday, shawn, sean, and  honest exist, I'm calling it jif
dude idc .... who told u that..ig even pronounce it gif and not jif ;<;
It’s jif
I just pronounce it G I F 🤦🏻‍♂️
I say "G I F"
It's G. I. F. (GEE EYE EFF)
Imagine god coming down from the heaven , just to tell it’s pronounced jod.  Everyday we stray further from jod.
I think it should be gif with a hard g because if JIF ever became a super popular acronym, it would be confusing.   Also, we don't have another English letter for the hard g sound. So imo the soft g is more of an exception, that overlaps with j. Which doesn't have another job and is not invoked very often.
10/10, good content for those of us who prefer to say gif.
Me : Gii Eye Eff
„Do you say GIF or JIF?“  Me, an intellectual: *“yes“*
Short answer: you can say both
What if the g is silent?
I remember always spelling it out as "G-I-F" when I was a kid, and not caring about how it would be pronounced as one word. It started out as me just saying it that way, but later on I started doing it to deliberately get on the nerves of people who had any sort of strong opinion about the pronunciation.
Problems inherent to English. This could never happen in Spanish.
No, it's aladeen
Omg I actually pronounced it *JIF* before but some people pronounce it as *GIF* so I thought I am mispronouncing the entire time 😂
No it’s pronounced gif
.     yiff
Language is actually a nice example in which both pronunciations of "g" occur.
maybe the real pronunciation of gif was the friends we made along the way
I presume picking one over the other, aside from the sociological factors you mentioned in your video, is potentially to do with how people's brains work differently.
dude i cant even remember which side i’m on when it comes up in conversation
Am I the only one who says the letters? 😂😂
For me if it’s gif it’s pronounced jif but if it’s Gif it’s pronounced Gif
Actually its gjif
I argue that the words with "gi" pronounced as /dʒɪ/ are mostly Latin or French words. A word like "garage" is from French where the soft or hard "g" is shown in the vowel which follows. "Ga" is hard while "ge" is soft. But in native English words, the "g" is hard regardless of vowel. Gather, gall, got, get, gut, good, goo, giddy... Also, I don't know why you said "gib" is pronounced as /dʒɪb/... It's /ɡɪb/
I've always said *jif* and everyone corrects me  I just say: "oh, sorry. I mispronounced then. So, as I was saying: Do you know this jiF?☠️"
No, its pronounced Gif
I always said G then I then F
I pronounce it "yiff", just to annoy/anger everybody
It’s Jif end of story
Not naming it gif with a "j" might be one of the things that keep him up at nighy
"It's a victory to the jiffers"
I can't believe people prounce it this way.
I use both
I’ve always pronounced it “gif”, but I can understand why someone would pronounce it as “gif”.
Oh I always pronunced it Gif
Actually, it’s G-I-F
Psycholinguistic is how I pronounce it too. Honestly words just suck to pronounce. And clearly you just pronounce things the way it’s said around you, or wherever you heard the word.
It easy for me because I come from Hungary, where every letter has only one way to pronounce it!... Mostly...
Jokes on you I call it G I F. Liberalism baby
Because my main language is Spanish I decided that I will continue pronouncing it as "gif"
I just thought it's short for gift. So gif.
if it’s wrote gif say it gif.
i like how at 1:23 the example of LASER only works in britain
I read it jif because if I say gif it sound like gift.
g i f
It's not pronounced gift without the t It's the g in gin,
I recognize the council has made a decision, but given it is a stupid- ass decision, I have elected to ignore it
In the Netherlands we can pronounce it in three ways, gif, gif or gif, so that's nice.
It's actually pronounced D'dgzxhjvx's'gyif
Watching this made me forget how i pronounce gif
I think I'll just pronounce it ギフ
Nevermind this is just waffle
Jif sounds better
Me who says "G _I_ F"  I should learn english 😂😂
Dutch people: Poison?
GIF should be pronounced like gift
ok
i know it’s pronounced JIF because my technology teacher gave us a lecture about it but i always say GIF
No wrong way to pronounce me telling that that to my Spanish teacher
I literally just pronounce it  "G.I.F"
It took me about 5 years to train myself to say “GIF” with a G.
I’m gonna start calling it Giraffics Interchange Format from now on
If it was 'JIF' then why was it not spelled as 'JIF'
It’s actually pronounced “yiff”  I’m not sorry
Jif just sounds cursed for Germans XD
Franks empire gave English strong punch and it cannot get up till today 🤣
It's Gif not jif
Well the creator of GIFs, Steve Wilhite declared that GIF is pronounced as Jif, so it's settled I guess...
I used to call it g-i-f Yes,letter by letter.
If you say 'JIF', it's on sight. Ya here me!? ON SITE! 🤠
Saying "JIF" is just saying G I F very fast
of course its 'jif'. g makes a j sound in front of vowels in english. english sucks but 🤷
I say G-I-F Didn't knew it was called gif or jif
I say G. I. F.
so it wasn't G I F..?
I saw gif and noticed it was one letter away from gift so I thought I made sense at the time to pronounce it that way
Ok, now it's time for JSON
Stupid bunch of jits!
People: It's GIF!  Other people: No it is JIF!  Me: Graphic interchange format
screw it, im calling it IF
This guy saw Thiojoe's video.
I was taught that it was called /gif/  never knew that it could be /dzif/
people who say jif going to heaven and getting thrown in to hell for calling god "jod"
I say GIF with a hard G because in Dutch it’s also pronounced with a hard G (fun fact it also means ‘poison’ in that language).
G-I-F is enough
gif t
I never say that word just send them to friends 😂
I say g I f
I DONT CARE IF THE CREATOR SAYS ITS “JIF” YOU’RE WRONG
its jee eye eff
Me who used to pronounce it as jee .i.ef   Me again : No one can underestimate me
Dumb inventor
"Hey bro are you gonna send that gif?" "Why would I send you peanut butter?"
Really? I thought it was gif
The real pronunciation is obviously    Graphics Interchange Format
I pronounce “gif” gif and jif since I get confused sometimes🥲
It's said as gif like in gift
Nah I say JIF
I read it with hard g, because in my language, we actually read what's on paper
I pronounce it jif, but I don’t really think it matters which way you pronounce it. As Tom said, it’s just the pronunciation that naturally jumps into my head when I see the word GIF.
Everyone: It's GIF/JIF! Me: Moving Picture
Omg English is so stoopid
its GIF not JIF
Is that also true for Nike? Cause the creator (or something) said that it's "naiki", not "naik" (I don't know how to read or write the thingies for pronunciation), but a lot of people pronounce it both ways, so it doesn't matter what they said.
Will always pronounce it as JIF like the creator intended
How bout this: I use "gif" and "jif", depending on which I prefer in that exact instant, with a preference on "jif". It's more elegant, rolls off the tongue, so I use "jif"
Next  you are going to tell me I'm spelling color wrong.
both.
Me saying nighter gif nor jif but short funny video
counterpoint: scuba should absolutely be pronounced "scubba"
Great. So what’s the answer?
Well, from a German's point of view pronouncing it like Jif makes no sense, especially since it's an abbreviation. Besides, Jif sounds like just another word for ejaculation.
I'll call it JIF since the creator pronounces it like that
Waiting for an english person to invent a new "gi.." with the JIF pronunciation so there's 69
exactly why english is weird
The way the guy shot himself in the foot with the jif gif thing is just amazing
Bruh gif is literally gift without the t, nobody calls them jifts
Neither gif nor jig, it’s KSNNWKBDOJXBCBBEOQZIDNEOSB
It's not gif...it's gif
I know tons of people that pronounce it Gif ee
fine youtube, i’ll watch it.
What a profound topic!!! The existence of humanity is hanging on a twig            Don't even know wtf I'm saying
I'd still rather pronounce it as jif because it doesn't sound like any other existing words. Gif sounds like gift.
It's pronounced "yiff"
And people say english is easy.
i pronounce it dzif because it reminds me of the peanut butter JIF
It’s GIF not JIF
Tom: It’s pronounced GIF. Me: I agree.
People: its GIF! other people: NO ITS JIF  me: *HHÏF*
Who cares what the inventor says, majority rules. It’s GIF, sorry not sorry.
Error 'G' not found
thia is some kind of mandela effect, some of us knows it jif but other people pronounce it "ji ay ep"
G.I.F
The creators said it was "jif." Therefore it is "jif." I say, "gif." But am willing to admit it's incorrect. How tf can you start it out by being blatantly wrong?
In Spanish it should be pronounced kinda like hif, but I've mostly heard gif (instead of jif)
Flashbacks to the post that said it was actually pronounced yiff and my innocent dumbass looked it up like that...
An argument I like to make is that you pronounce gigantic and gigabyte differently despite both deriving from the Greek "gigas".  And it's funny that it changed from "jiga" to "giga" in pronunciation not that long ago.
I actually spell it out G I F
Maybe u Day gif because of Gift Just put the t away
In French , there is no debate , the rules of the language are clear "every g that comes before i , e , y  are pronounced J So Jif it is Since I learned French before English , I have been pronouncing it Jif
Big brain people: gif  Small brain people: gif
Go to 2:31 if you want to see how Tom pronounces it.
I skipped to the end to get an awnser and I didn't get one I'm disliking this video
I sometimes pronounce it "gif" and sometimes pronounce it "jif"....I think both are valid
The letter “g” makes the /j/ sound when followed by an “e,” “i” or “y” in a word that is often derived from Greek or Latin (these languages do not use the “j” symbol to represent the /j/ sound).
since there's debates I'm just like: Just call it peanut butter....
I'm following old English rules! I'm calling gif yif!
Me who pronounces it as G.I.F: The peasants are fighting again
This video shouldn't be more than 10 seconds
It’s pronounced “Moving Picture”
g.i.f
I say GIF with a hard cuz it makes sense in my language
I honestly don’t understand why gif pronounce as jif, English is fking weird.
Me, an intillectual: G.I.F.
fun fact i always said the letters like G-I-F
laser is an acronym?
Its because of GIFt
How about Jee Eye Eph
Jif is a peanut butter brand, gif is a moving photo that isn’t technically a video
No one:  Giraffe in the thumbnail: *Heeeyyyyy so what we doin-*
Ok why was I mad when the CREATOR said it was jif-
English-speaking people: *Going in war over whatever it's gif or jif*   Us Spanish speakers: La paz es una opcion
My dad and I say "GIF" and my brother and my mom say "JIF" I will never say "JIF" mainly the because it reminds me of the peanut butter.
It is obviously pronounced "yiff" it just the more productive I every way
I go by the old English word "gif" meaning gift Its pronounced "yiff"
It's pronounced Jeff
As a brazilian portuguese speaker, "gif" as in "gift" seemed very counterintuitive to 9yo me, since a G coupled with an I or E would make it "jif". Still, I never even considered "jif" as a possibility until a teacher said it like that. It's always been "gif", hard G, in my mind.
its gif
God when people who pronounce gif as jif go to heaven and call him Jod: 😐😐😐😐
i just spell it out </3
It's jif! Not, it's gif  Me: Animated picture
Everyone should know by now that’s it’s pronounced like jif
Well in dutch gif means poison when pronounced with a hard G so I suppose that's why most dutch people will pronounce GIF with a J
So are you from Gillingham or Gillingham?
my friend calls it a G.I.F
I wonder what clown (except the dude who made it) actually says "jif"
We say it G. I. F
Here I am surprised that laser was actually a short and not a real word
How about instead of there being 26 letters in the alphabet we include all those weird dictionary symbols and we spell everything the way it would sound.
Me who says G  I   F :😂
Its pronounced yiff, Just accept it losers
who cares though?
I never heard how it was pronounced but in my head I always pronounced it "JIF", probably cos Arabic is my mother tongue and in Arabic there is "J", and not "G" (the latter is found in some Arabic dialects but not in Standard Arabic).
Italians be like: it's GIF not GHIF
It's written GIF  not JIF but somehow "it's still JIF"
It's GIF. Graphics Interchange Format. Graphics. Not Giraffics. GRAPHICS. People who pronounce it JIF, are the same kind of people that don't like Pineapple on pizza. Mentally challenged.
i say jif but i dont mind gif, i interchange them a lot
I pronounce it as JIF i thought that's what it sounds like and I am yes idk
I've heard that the creator wanted it pronounced with a j so I've been saying it like that ever since.
I thought that was pronounced as G-I-F 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Could you do the same kind of video for EA\Electronic Arts.
it's pronounced "GIF". End of story.
Bro it’s gif just shut up end of conversation.
Me: *moving picture*
It’s pronounced GIF  “Think Mark, Think”
in philippines we pronounce it letter by letter. Jee-Eye-Ef.
im sorry namjoon says G.I.F so its G.I.F
<3
Gif should be pronounced as "yif"
It's JIF. The creator says so
Pronouncing gif as gif is GAYaf
*gif*
Me on the other hand: jive
JIF is peanut butter. I'll always call it a GIF for the sake of simplicity
Yes.  English is weird.
We do say laser in Polish...
Uh. I'm Portuguese. When I say it in a Portuguese conversation, I go with jif cause gi in Portuguese is always ji. However, if I say it in an English conversation, I say gif (maybe cause it looks like gift?). It comes naturally, my brain just changes chips.
It is GIF not GIF people, for Hell's SAKE!
Uh, my mom and I always used to pronounce gif "unecclesiatic polytheist group"
The guy who CREATED it calls it jif, it’s jif
the day when tom ruined everything
If you want the pronunciation to be consistent, ask yourself: Do you say “Gift” or “jift”. Other words started with “gi” might lean towards “ji” but the word that starts with GIF always goes to the hard G.
Gif is not pronounced Jif. End of.
It's pronounced Jif
“It’s a victory for the jiffers” Or yiffers?
It’s pronounced gif
The old "gif" word is pronounced "yiff" I believe, so I'm calling it that
Everyone knows its pronounced GIF and not GIF
Who argues over tiny things like this, get a life
Idk I call it as G.I.F cuz it got confusing :)
The correct answer is "zhyfe."  zhyfe4lyfe
Me: g-i-f   Saying it letter by letter
I say /ʒɪf/ because in French "gi" is pronounced /ʒɪ/.
Its jif
y1ff   Hehe
i knew it was gif
if it's pronounced JIF,then,when I'll die,I'll look the lord in the eyes and say "Ok,Jod" then descend into hell.
It's pronounced "Gift" without the "t"
No, its moving image
*_People who spell gif "jif" going directly to hell after calling God at the pearly gates "Jod":_*
its Ji Ay Ef
I’ve always pronounced it G.I.F.
Bye.  I'm going to hospital.  Watching this video hurt my kidney.
If you don't pronounce "graphics" as "jraphics". Then there's no reason why you'd pronounce GIF as "Jif"
Just call it G.I.F just like you say HTML or exe
Me after reading the title: Doesn’t help!!
English: It's Gif, not it's Jif Most normal languages: i see a word, i see letters, i know how to pronunce the letters so i know how to pronunce the words.
Honestly I say gif not jif because in German u pronounce  g as g and not j like English so I say GIF 🤣🤣 not JIF
As a kid, I was taught g has a "guh" sound, so I thought it sounded like GEHF not JEHF.
Moral of the story: The English language is fekin weird
Me who has been pronouncing it Jgife
Guys it's gif
idc what the creator says.   it's     GIF.
ION CARE IVE ALWAYS SAID G. I. F AND I ALWAYS WILL
I pronounce it separately like, G, I, and F
Me who says G.I.F : 👁️👄👁️
Every buddy - gif  Me - G-I-F
How you "gif" guys pronounce giraffe
it has always been pronounced as gif. i just cant imagine how people pronounce it as gif. its gif not gif.
It’s gif though
if one more person says jif, I swear to jod
i've always said it with a soft g
Laser isn't pronounced "lAser" me a spanish speaker 👁️👄👁️
I just listen to the peanut butter company. “Choose Gif”
“GIF” always sounded more official to me, especially since if you want to pronounce it as “JIF” you have to change a whole letter to even get that pronunciation
Kyle Hill says it's pronounced "gif" not "jif". Case closed.
And here I am calling it G.I.F
I'm surprised we don't just call it G-I-F. I mean, that's how we pronounce png, svg, mp3, pptx, jpg, and every other file format.
People belong to hell who don't  pronounce it the either way and completely say the word Graphics Interchange Format
Everyday we stray further and further away from jod's light
I’m still saying JIF. I don’t care what you guys say. Sue me
My guy is are we talking about gifs or peanut butter
I like to pronounce it G-I-F since either way the other person says it, I know they will likely be annoyed.
I simply don't care.
Thought "jif" always sounded better than "gif" as in gang, somehow it sounded more solid. Welp, I also read URL as "earl" but I'm not really very sure about its corect pronounciation
All ⟟ heard this video was j  g  git gi Gif
nah its pronounced *[REDACTED]*
We all know it's actually gif
its “jif” and if you say “gif” youre just wrong
I pronounce it ggjihjifs
Is it Nike or Nikie?
ME: gee eye eff
Me, who pronounce gif as ji ay ef:  👁👄👁
No it’s moving photographs
I call it a Gee Eye Ef
this shows just how bad the english language is constructed😭
In french I would say "Jif" with the french pronoucation but in English I would say "Gif"
You can't really mistake it for jif in other languages, so if you want consistency you should use gif
Jfeg
zhif
And here I am, an entirely different breed, pronouncing it as "jee-i-f"
Hello
Gift Gif  The difference is just the t  The pronunciation of the g should not be different, end of story
Okay maybe if it was that big a deal, like you pronounced it way different. But like, they sound exactly the same smh
It’s JIF
am i the only one who just spells It out G-I-F
Average JIF fan vs average GIF enjoyer vs average Graphics Interchange Format enthusiast
*confused screaming*
Actually – I prefer  *y e e f*
Bruh I just say G.I.F
Me sees the girrafe Me again: giffafe eh?
I don't even like gifs but I agree it's gif
“JIF” is a peanut butter brand.. it should be pronounced “GIF” so there isn’t confusion
In italy we say ji for every single gi therefore jif is the more correct answer to my past 8 year old self
Me who pronounced it as G. I. F : okay...
The G on gif stands for graphics
*Me who has been pronouncing it as G-I-F* : 👁️👁️
I say GIF like an acronym; G.I.F
My logic is that I’m polish.
most ppl: no, it's pronounced GIF not JIF me: been pronouncing it JIF since i knew this existed
I read it as DILF
People who pronouced it wrong: Oh no, Anyway.
It can only gif
And here I used to pronounce it G-I-F
"It's GIF!" "No, it's JIF!"  Me : JAYF
I call it G. I. F
Your licence of giving opinions has expired. It will be renewed in 3 to 4 business days.
Still the *G.I.F* is best
I originally pronounced it "jif" because that was what looked right to me but you can only be called an idiot by internet strangers so many times before you give into the hard g supremacists 😔
Me who say it "gjif" 🗿
The title says a lot
Oh Gesus, pls stop.
I find it funny why this is relevant to know
people who say jif going to hell for calling god jod
Me vibing in Finland where we don't use j as g ever so gif is automatically pronounced with a g :D
No namjoon said it's g-i-f then it's g-i-f period
It's yiff
What have we learned? The English language needs a spelling reform.
woah. so does that mean i had been calling gif but its letter pronunciation.😬😬
Am I the only one who calls it G.I.F. 👁️👄👁️
It's Gif LIKE SERIOUSLY, IT IS GIF
Me who pronouns it as G - I - F 😳
if you have to spell it differently than it’s not pronounced that way
Its gif
It's Dyif. Hahaha
Oh my Jod, this is wrong
ITS GIF
Gif is gif
I just feel like if you have to change the g to j to explain the pronunciation then clearly there's something wrong there. Will always be GIF for me.
Why is “Jif” spelt like Elon Musk’s child.
GHJĘÏĮF
I would like an animated image, not peanut butter
Nobody cares
I really hope the creator of GIF sees this and squirms
I'm settled with saying g'heef bc of an inside joke w my siblings, and it's so much better
I'd find that the creator's words would hold more weight if he'd offer even one reason why it should be JIF.
To add, since g is technically supposed to be like j when followed by e, i, y, or ae, u is placed between g and said vowels to signify that it no longer sounds like j, just like in the Romance languages. This makes sense considering g NEVER sounds like j when followed by a u (or really any letter that’s not e, i, y, or the ae combo).  Examples of this would be guess, guide, and guy.
I just called them "Moving pictures" 😂
Is pronounced with a soft g, because the creator coined the term as that.  Every other argument is moot and pointless.
jif is peanut butter.
JIF is peanut butter, though.
I say gif
Me who says it as G. I. F:  👁️👄👁️
I call them animated video emojis,l,l,maka kaa
IT LITERALLY STANDS FOR GRAPHIC INTERCHANGE FORMAT :(
“Gif” makes me so angry stfu it’s JIFFFFFFFF,,,
So uhh, you're saying that it's pronounced GIF, as in P-R-I-F?
Not me calling it "GEE-EYE- EF" my whole life until I came across this video.
The inventor of Gif: “It is pronounced Jif” The internet: “I recognize the council has made a decision, but given that it’s a stupid ass decision I have elected to ignore it.”
I'm thinking of a new thing called artificial selection and the test subjects are gonna be the troglodytes who say "jif." I mean the 'g' was invented for a reason, and it wasn't to substitute 'j'
Its pronounced gif not gif.
*The joblin is here to jet my jreat cookies.*
NO ITS PRONOUNCED soup
This is getting ridiculous i swear to Jod
Ok ill fix it G I F
why don’t people just say it as graphics interchange format ?? it’s so much easier and shorter !!
Me reading the title: yes
However the original creator says it is how it's meant to be said so I say gif. Same goes with Porsche, pronounce the e for crying out loud German doesn't have silent letters.
So from the thumbnail it's actually pronounced DILF?
I pronounce it gif (jif) but idrc about this debate .-.
Bruh i Pronounce it g i f
Geef. Or Jeef?
I just say “ G I F” :,)
French people:
Me who calls it G. I. F :👁️👄👁️
Its 3 big words so G I F         Thank you for coming to my ted talk
Ya, now pronounce «caestus»
I heard it somewhere that "G" in gif,is pronounced as the "G" in garage.
Really ibtuectuals call it JEE EYE EFF.
I've always pronounced it as Jee-I-F....
It's pronouced GIF not GIF!
It's gif not gif. Get your facts straight.
Meanwhile me : G.I.F.
I presumed it was a hard g, since the g stands for “graphics”
I say it as G-I-F 👁️👄👁️
I pronounce it as moving images
So, Graphics Interchange Format is the only way how to pronounce it, otherwise, you will be bullied I guess?
Its G.I.F.
"moving short video that replays"
Wait. People pronounce gif as gif and not jif??
Moving image
So the final answer is GIF with a hard g and tom agrees with us.
It's gif. How hard could it be?
Peanut butter debate. Is this that which those are jealous (jelly) have as counterpart? Now we just need to find the bread.
IT IS JIF NOT GIF
In Spanish we make it clear by forcing a "u" in there
Me who says  g. I.  F. Separately   Oh I see
Why does his head look old but his body looks like a teen😭
don't hurt G.I.F's feelings bruh G.I.F LIVES MATTER!!
This video is specifically designed to create a smoothie of my brain
What gif the g was silent?
I just prefer the way jif sounds tbh
Graphics  Interchange Format G.I.F Graphics in pronounced with a hard "G" so therfore it is GIF with a hard g
ya but many other languages read "gi" diferently so thats where alot of the "ji" is coming from
Shut up, it's drift.
it's prounced gif
I thought it was pronounced GIF
I dont care Its gif
The G stands for GRAPHICS not jraphics
AM I THE ONLY ONE WHO PRONOUNCE IT AS G-I-F BJSBX BYE
It’s pronounced yif
People saying G I F:  "Ha! Kneel before me"
I called it Jif my whole life and didn’t even know people called it Gif 😳
When I was a kid I always pronounced Gin with a hard "g." So I was well in for a shock when it was actually pronounced "jin."   I blame Tekken and Gintama for this.
It's a victory for the jiffers"
It's pronounced Graphics Interface Format
I use bolth pronunciations
i say jif
Thanks to furrys i will not say yif and will say Gif
I once read that the "g" is pronounced like the "g" in "garage"
Exactly, it's GIF ✨✨
It's pronounced GiF
the greeks would pronounce it yiff
It’s GIF not JIF
Am I like the only one who says it as "G.I.F." not "gif" or "jif"?
Literally if the creator says it’s pronounced like Jif. Y’all realize there are words like “gentlemen” “gentle” “giant” “genre” BRUH! SO MANY WORDS where g sounds like J so SHUT THE HECK UP
Unless I it's spelled with a J. I don't care. I don't say jift when I say gift. Slapping a t at the end isn't going to change how I say gift or gif. Should have spelled the acronym jif if that's how they wanted me to pronounce it
Where have I seen you before...
Me as an intellectual being  G   I    F
*It's not pronounced 'gif'*    /gIf/                 /d3If/
Just clicked this to stop being in my recommend
It’s gif
Virgins: it's gif no it's gif Chads: *G.I.F*
It’s actually YIFF
If you pronounce it JIF, how would you spell a word that sounds GIF so that it will have the hard G? GHIF?
GIF is just GIFT without a T
I say JIF and so do my friends but I don’t mind anybody saying GIF
I don't need no one to tell me what to do. *continues to call it  ginxhhdb*
we should’ve moved on to animated pngs years ago tbh
I've always said jifs idc
I say jif my friends think thats weird
I always say gif
its none of them, its "g.i.f"
Yet every time I spell it "make due" people act like I've spoken nonsense.  Prescriptivists!  If anything, it makes _more_ sense than "make do."
I just say G-I-F bc I don’t even try
G.I.F
am i the only one who's here after namjoon pronounced gif as g-i-f 😭
Actually, I always called it "G-I-F" and Cache as Cach-E
Pronounce it however you want. It is "gif" though.
I mean NVIDIA is like 3080 Tie, but all of us call it 3080 Ti
Its so easier to say jif
@ 1:36 It’s pronounced  “ jit “   Anyone from Florida can vouch for me.
I honestly have said g-i-f my whole life.... 💀💀
Hmm... yes jif “Jiraffe interchange format”
So essentially it's either way and people need to stop being rude and correcting people who are just as right about it, which I've been telling people for years
Im more of jif
dont care, im pronouncing it gif.  good thing i live in a non english speaking country where everyone says GIF
i pronounce it by its letters/initials (G-I-F) though.... what part of the world do i live in 😂
Me who always pronounces it as "G-I-F"
Should've spelled it jif then. But I know its an acronym so gif is gif not jif. Pronounce it how it is spelled.
*Me who pronounces as G-I-F* 👁️👄👁️
Is it a crime to say G.I.F? I've been saying that
I refuse to pronounce it as jif I always thought it meant gif like a gift image
Gif sounds wrong
G. I. F.
I guess as a person who will continue to pronounce it Jiff...Hello gif people
Right... Then there's me who says G.I.F
we all know that GIF suppose to pronounce as "G-I-F"
I hate Jif, Gif is better
I still say Jif instead of Gif
Jeef
I like to say Jif instead of Gif because Jif reminds me of the Peanut Butter Jif
We should make it IDGAF. Nobody wins and nobody cares
Jee eye eff.
It’s pronounced yiff, if you don’t believe me search up “yiff” on google
Technically, you can read GIF as "jeef" If you follow strictly the phonetical rule pronouncing "E"
This video will start a war
"it's JIF" me: hey dude, I sent you a graphic interchange format
I am turkish so you have to say "GIF" in Turkey
"jiff" sounds ugly, so gif it is
Me who pronounces GIF "jee eye eff" :
It's gif  , easy
People: It's gif Some more people: no it's Jif!   Me: G-I-F
I just say it as g I f
Wait isn't it G.I.F
Ah yes, */d3if/*
GIF should be pronounced as GIF and not GIF.
Me who says G-I-F....
ITS JiF
Even the creator doesnt know how to pronounce it smh
I’ve always have said “JIF”
The chaotic ones pronounce it as *_'yiff'_*
Guys JIF is the peanut butter
Steve Wilhite pronounces it Jif so that’s the right way to say it in my opinion all tho I still say Gif coz it sounds more natural
JIF sounds terrible
Always has been pronounced JIF
GUH II FF NOT J I F
Everyone; **Convoluted And Dumb Reasons For Their Pronounciation**  Me, My Humble 'JIF' In Pocket; I just think it's neat,,,,
I've always pronounced it as Jif 😂
Tbh ppl who say gif ( g as in give ) the most annoying ppl for me.
In my language, "gi" is pronounced "ji" so saying jif instead of gif is more convenient for me
indians always  say jif
the g is silent. gif you don't agree, you're wrong >:CCC
Gif with a ji reminds me to much of Jiff peanut butter, so gif with a hard g it is
Me who just says G.I.F
There will be no JIF, only GIF
When I was a kid, I always read gif as “G.I.F.” because I had only heard of .png and .img files and the people around me always spelled them out. Idk why lmao
People who pronounce it jif: *writing a 53 page persuasive essay explaining why it’s pronounced jif* People who pronounce it gif: am I supposed to care that much
I'm mean just find the next word after gif add a t gift
It is gif not jif. End of story.
Me who pronounce it as G-I-F 👁️👄👁️
gif(t) jif
Pronounce it however you want. Gif or Jif it really doesn't matter. The English language is so insane. Lead and lead. Read and read. Goose and geese. Moose and moose. House and houses. Mouse and mice. There is no logic. There is no reason. It's English. Words change meanings every few decades ffs who cares about a pronunciation of an acronym. Are you going to pronounce scuba as skuhbah? If you aren't aren't stfu about saying gif because you really don't care about the sound of the word.
This channel still confuses me to this day
The fact that gift uses the soft g and is literally gif with t says it all imo
I was still confused and wondering what was the answer, but then I just looked at the title
*me who calls it “G I F*
I always read it jif and I was confused when I heard someone said gif
Am I the only who pronounce it as "G.I.F."?
As Far As I Have Been Able To Find With Some Very Basic Research, Most, If Not All, Words Beginning "Gif" Are Pronounced With A Hard "G". Now, Most Of These Words Were Variants Of "Gift", But, If In Virtually Every Other Instance "Gif" Is Pronounced With A Hard "G", Why Should This Be The Exception?    This, Again, Was Very Basic Non-Thorough Research, So I May Be Wrong About What I Found.
I know it’s pronounced gif, but how do you pronounce gif?
gif is also easier to say tbh
It’s a loop not peanut butter
I say g.i.f
this is like flat earthers and round earthers
Yep, english is confusing.
The right way to pronouns "gif" is yiff
I thought PBS Idea Channel had this settled years ago. It's pronounced 'jyaif'.
i call it g. i. f
People:- not it is GIF witha g as in goat. Other people:- no it is a GIF with g as in giraffe  Me:-Graphics Interchange Format
Well, I say G.I.F
I say 'j'if, but idc either way
Me, an italian: "hmm.. I see no difference"
If you have to right jif to clarify its pronunciation then maybe you should reconsider what it's pronunciation should be
The problem is that English pronunciations are all messed up by definition. In Italian we pronounce the words as they are written
I pronounce it g-i-f
I call it ghjjhjhjhif
its pronounced "gif" indeed
Personally I learned to say GIF not (JIF) because in my country we pronounce the letter G differently
They called me a madman
GIF IS GIF!
Is pronounced “yiff
I call it G.I.F
The jiffers you say
i pronounce it moving pictures
Honestly this argument has been going on for so long that I no longer care how people pronounce gif or how I pronounce it. All that matters is you spell it correctly. Low bar.
Ah I hate it when someone slips over when they are about to say the most important answer.
I say it as G I F 😅😅
Did I just learn how to pronounces three letter word correctly? 🤣🥸
It's pronounced "built different" not "dumbass".
people who read it as "G" "I" "F"
personally i automatically read with a hard g if the g is capitalized (GIF) but if it’s all lowercase my brain says “jif” (gif)
Jive me a break.
The creator of GIF said it’s renounced “jif”
its pronounced g i f
Guifi
Me who pronounced it as "G. I. F." : 👀
Am I the only guy in the world who actually say " G.I.F " separately?
am i the only one who pronounces it as "gee eye eff"
Well am i the only who says G  I  F
I'm from Germany. In German there aren't a Lot of words with that weird Sound that you have to make when saying jif that's why i call it gif as in gift
That’s why i hate English
I say it as jee-eye-eff
Haha Spanish goes brrrrrrrrr...
G.I.F.
So I've been pronouncing it wrong from the past years like G. I. F , word by word.....
People: Its *G* if Other: no its gif *me who used to call it “G. I. F” 👁👄👁
The correct pronunciation is G-I-F
I hate English
Every day we stray farther from jod
It's pronounced gif and I'll punch anyone who disagrees
If you prounce it with a J you people are fking idiots it Graphics Interchange Format not Japhics Interchange Format
Maybe you should make a video about why so many people say "imgrrr" instead of "imager" for "imgur", because it seems so obvious to me, but apparently isn't... 🤔
d3if
People are arguing about GIF.. while i still dont know how to pronounce DOGE
Ja I'm german, for me there is only one way to pronounce a G at the beginning of a word
0:40 "we should accept it"  Here in the Philippines we use usb instead of the proper word flashdrives. You mean to say if the majority uses the wrong way then just accept and join them?
Gif (not djif) means poison in Dutch so I always call a gif just gif.
I say it both ways without even thinking about it
Me who's been pronouncing it "jee ayi ef" all this time:  👁️👄👁️
Scuba is an acronym???
Wait it's disputed? I've been saying Jif in my entire life?
Me who pronounce it as "gee-eye-eff": 👁️👄👁️
me, an intellectual: G-I-F .
I’ve been saying gif the whole time not knowing there was another way to say it...
Sounds like a stroke
I pronounce it “jif” don’t care what other people do it’s weird thing to care so much about. However I will also note that I was raised bilingually french and english (went to a french school had english family) and french generally favours the “ji” pronunciation so that could contribute to my thinking.
ok kül
Me pronouncing it as G.I.F all this while🤡
Him:it’s pronounced jif not gif Me:Can’t hear if I’m deaf
People calling it:*gif* Me who calls it: *moving picture*
Well, there are studies that show that it you ask a lot of people a question, the average of everyone's answer is the correct answer. Which would mean GIF is pronounced like how they "gills" are pronounced, as more people pronounce it that way.
Odds1sout is currently searching this up
No.
Welp i pronounced it jif. 9 year olds think its quirky! 💀
Them saying "it's pronounce as GIF" "it's pronounce as JIF" while I, pronounced it as "Ji-Ay-Ef"
Me who calls says gif letter by letter
I thought it stood for something so I called it G-I-F
gjif
jif
i pronounce it as g-i-f💀
Me who just says it as G I F - 👁️👄👁️
I usually pronounce it with a J, though it often depends and I'll often use a hard G using weird grammatical rules I made up in my head for that one specific word.
I'm the only person who says G.I.F as in the letters n not as word🙂
Am I the only one who says g i f
If it's pronounced JIF I better hear Jraphics from that asswad of a creator
Gif with a G will ways be superior
I just call it GIF Jee-Aye-Eff
I pronounce it as G I F
Me who says it as "jee ay eff"
Tbh, i actaully pronouce gif in g i f (words spell)
GGGRAPHICS Interface File.  It's GIF!
Other People: It's GIF! Other People: No, it's JIF! Me: ..... Me: J'GIF.
i pronounce it G I F like the the individual letters
when a G comes before an E an I or a Y it makes a sound like a J. some of yall need to rewatch the electric company🙄
Am I the only one who pronounce G-I-F???
Gift without the T is pronounced GIF NOT JIF
I feel that because it's multiple words put together, it would most properly be G.I.F.
I just say GIF.  G.    I.    F.
well hes back
People who pronounce GIF like 'JIF' getting sent directly to hell after meeting God at the pearly gates and calling him 'JOD'.
Imagine being so stupid u call gif "jif"
If enough people agree it's pronounced "gif" not "jif" then that is the official pronunciation. Same way money only has value if enough people agree on it.
Well, for me it's GIF, cause in my language the letter "G" has a simple counterpart , a letter "г", while "j" consists of multiple letters for me("Дж"), rather than one. In the end of the day, it is just easier to pronounce/write a word with three sounds/letters, rather than with four. (/._.)/
you look good bald
In French, Gi, Gy and Ge is pronounced Ji, Jy and Je, while Gu, Ga and Go is pronounced... Gu, Ga and Go. Based on that, us, french native speakers, might mostly pronounce the word GIF : JIF.
Remember when Cif was called Jif?
It's pronounced like the G in garage
I thought it was pronounced (JEE EYE EFF)
deaf dyslexic kids: ok
So true
In Germany we say gif instead of jif because we dont use different pronounciation.
Sorry did you mean the “guy” or the “juy”?
Its pronouced gaf
In Greek, thay call YouTube * ahem* excuse me... YouT-Hue-b
I have never heard jif Its obviously gif and not jif :/
There's a place in my fictional world called *"Circle Gorge"* because I delight in have both the hard a soft sounds of C & G in those words.  And GIF is not pronounce like the peanut butter.
ngguuh i need THE GIF
I used to say gee eye eff lmaoo
its just gift without the t.
The easiest way to settle this debate is to look at what the acronym stands for.  Graphics interchange format. Therefor, hard g
Its prnounced Yif
No it’s pronounced GIF.
I use jif, but the proponderance of gif-ers is taking over in my mental pronunciation. G is more popular, but the arguments for J are stronger in my view.
I use to call them gifts though 😂
If I say "JIF" people will say it’s "GIF"  But if I say "GIF" people will say it’s "JIF"  So instead I say "G-JIFF"
I knew it
People that pronounce 'Gif' as 'Jif' being sent straight to hell after meeting god at the pearly gates and calling him 'Jod': 🔥😲🔥
It's not gif, it's gif
I'm over here 16 and didn't know Scuba was an acronym tf
its JIF, end of the story and the majority can get the freak out of here.
“G-ee-f”
the only problem here is that jif is a common english utterance, it’s the most popular peanut butter brand and more often spoken than gif.  so jif is pronounced jif and gif is pronounced gif  end of discussion
The g in GIF stands for graphics, so it should have a hard g!
But like, isn’t language just a tool to communicate and as long as we understand eachother it’s not really a problem
That is why I call it Graphics Interchange Format
It is not pronounced dzif!
I never used my entire brain to figure if I should call it gif or jif, I went with gif because it’s just the right and more sane answer
Wait what My whole life was a lie
I've always pronounced it like the g in gift, because I'm Austrian and usually g's in German sound like that
Gif pronounced jif is a peanut butter! It’s spelled GIF it’s pronounced gif right?
THIS TITLE ISNT HELPING
“The correct pronunciation is-“ *video cuts off* Me: …You son of a-
I've always pronounced it gif as in "giraffe"
Just say gift without the letter t
I personally pronounce it gif
Me who pronounce it G.I.F: interesting
It’s gif
Who the "Guy" or the "Juy"?
Imo it’s pronounced gif and not jif, and u can’t change my mind
Maybe we should also look at the third letter, the 'f'. We say gift, so you leave the t = gif? What do you think of that?
*sobbing* it's actually pronounced yiFF-
English is such a crappy language that people need this video
the council has decided the fate of "GIF" everybody: n o council: but you can't just- everybody: n o
One of the basic rules of English phonics is that if the letter ‘g’ is immediately followed by ‘e’, ‘i’, or ‘y’, it is pronounced like ‘j’. Unfortunately, English is phonetically inconsistent and breaks rules like this all the time, hence this debate
Guys, it's gif.  Ez
In german Grafik is pronounced with a hard G so nobody even argues for jif here.
Me who says Graphic Image Fromat
I like how in the credits, there's Gretchen, Graphics, and Graham
Uncle Rey!!
Gif is Gif
Am I the only one who says it and reads it like Yif?..idk why-
I call if Jif because it doesn't sound like gift.
It's because most people pronounce words with gi- as gi instead of ji. That's why gif is more popular than jif. I can think of way more words that use gi instead of ji while using gi-
*jef*
👁️👄👁️ me reading it as G.I.F.
Am I insane for pronouncing it "G.I.F" the whole time
I always said gif like jit
this wouldn't be a debate if english wasn't a stupid language with phonetical inconsistency
A quote from the show “The Big Bang Theory”:  “The guy who invented it said it was pronounced JIF!” “I’m sorry, was it the GUY or the JUY?”
It's hard being attentive to grammar when you realise you like the lesser accepted pronunciation or slang of certain things.
Me, who pronounced it as jif: signature look of superiority
I just thought "gift" without the "t".  I can't think of any gif___ words where it's pronounced jif___.
It's gif.
Me who says g I f: I am 3 parrallel universes behind you.
G-JIFF
It’s pronounced who ever gives a dang the English language is stupid.
Whenever Tom says "The Jiffers" all I an think of is that there must be a new genre of cyberpunk furries
I call it G I F
I really don’t understand why The maker of Gif would want to be pronounced Jif I mean for heavens sake that’s a peanut butter company
YOU ARE ALL WRONG ITS PRONOUNCED GIFE!
I will continue to call it gif you scallywags
Me who pronounces it as G-I-F: 😳
no its JIF
Mfw laser is an acronym:
Me who read it as G.I.F
Nah I'll just pronounce it as *"Ji-Ay-Ef"*
Called it
I prefer to pronounce it like jgif
Ask who created the word GIF, then we'll know
huh! /dʒ/ay!
in spanish you can't read "gif" in eather of those ways, but people pronouce it as /gıf/ because /hıff/ is uncomfortable xd
What if I don't care and say it how I like it😐
JIF RULES!
Jiraffe, Jift, Gerald without the jih sound, Jod, Gackson  To anyone who says G should be said as J... You're an idiot. I'll jive a jift to a guhraffe because jod made a kid be born on krist muss.
You even say G with a J lmaoooooo
Can we just use g and j how they should be, and where j is soft, use y 🥺🥺🥺🥺
Wait, can we just talk about the existence of Gillingham and Gillingham, two towns in the same country that are spelled the same but pronounced differently?
all they had to do was look it up. I knew this 4 years ago.
It's both
Se dice gif ches gringos
I personally pronounce it with a hard g, because it reminds me of gift.
I actually used to say G-I-F ;-;
Jaffa cake. Graphics card. Gaffa cake. Japhics card.  It ain't that hard bro.
Yiff
it’s pronounced “gif” 🙄
Some scientists said that the proper pronunciation is 'yiff' but is spelt as 'gif'
Wtf scuba is an acronym?
Whatever, I'll keep pronunciating as gif.
yiff
ITS REALLY SIMPLE  THERE IS A G NOT J
heef
Look up yiff
Well jif is easier for me to pronounce so...
I pronounce it as JIF but I just spell it G I F to be safe
Me who  thought it was pronounced separately 'G' 'I' 'F' like USA :👁👄👁👍
G.I.F take it or leave it
Yiff, gotcha 👍
Who tf looks at G and thinks J
Dude if "GIF" stands for something its either G I F or GIF as short, i dont get why it should be PRONOUNCED when its not a word but short for somwthing else, pronounciation is at one word
I don't get why people care if it's pronounced gif or jif-
it's pronounced yiff
Bruh if the creator says it’s pronounced one way you should probably listen?? Regardless of how you feel
I say Jif every time and correct it to Gif afterwards. I’m fighting a losing battle.
I love getting jifts on my birthday!
Or just take em both and say gejif
It's pronounced as "jee aye ef" that's it.
Jif peanut butter
Its g ei th
it's pronounced gif not gif smh
Jif is a brand of peanut butter, so I pronounce it gif with a hard g.
it's jif you losers.
Just turn off the bomb.
I am done with this debate. (I know it is a old video) I will say it as JIF and there's no changing my mind. If you want to say it as GIF it's fine, but I won't.
Data or Data
I'm sorry, HOW LONG HAS LASER BEEN AN ACRONYM?????
it’s pronounced yiff
Should've made it ".jif" then ya toss
"The guy who created it said its 'gif', like j"  Sorry you mean "Guy" or "juy"?
Gel is said as “jell” not “ghell” in American English so oof.
Tom: laser isn't pronounced lah-sir  That's exactly how we pronounce it here in Poland. I guess Tom thinks we should stop?
' It's pronounced jif not gif '  Almost everyone : G-I-F
No no it's gjif
‘If it’s said as Jif spell it as Jif dumbass’  -Ghandi or something idk
It's GIF, no other thing is accepted.
"They called me a madman"
*Me saying "GIF" in English and "JIF" in French:* _I am four parallel universes ahead of you_
It's G I F.
We all know its pronounced yiff.
Is “Zed” and Z the same thing?
i pronounce it as gee-ayee-ef🧍🏻‍♀️
The fact that people need to use J to describe jif just means they are wrong. There is a dedicated letter for the hard G sound and the words like giraffe are either anachronistic or mispronounced. Also G is from latin which is simmilar to the greek Γ and both are soft.
But...I say G I F???
bro. not only 1 person decides what a word is. its how much the word is used. and gif is clearly used more
I just pronounce it as G I F
agreed
And there is me pronouncing it as  (Ji)-(I)-(ef)
As a Dutch speaking person, i always said 'Gif' as 0:03 was pronounced. It sounded more logical to me? I really didn't know people would say it like  "dgif"
i call it v i d e o  p i c t u r e
I prefer JIF, but that is just my opinion.
Ahh jraphics interchange format
I just say G.I.F I only say the letters and not the word
In Spanish we pronounce gif as if it said gift without a t
ǆ𝖺𝗌𝗌𝗑𝗑𝗎𝗇𝗀
its g as in GUH not J, J is peanut butter, screw what people say.
It’s pronounced like the “g” in “garage”
Jiff sounds like a euphemism. not a file type
What if one day God comes on Earth and says it's pronounced Jod and left
"I recognize the council has made a decision but given that it's a stupid-ass decision, I've elected to ignore it."
i say it as short video that repeats forever
I prefer jif… just easier to say in my accent than gif - that feels uncomfortable to say
It's actually pronounced GIF
Why do people call it peanut butter
ive been reading GIF as G. I. F. as in per letter LMAO.  IT'S AN ACRONYM RIGHT?!
I'll just call ot NSMP
And then there's me who says it both ways–
I think JIF is correct
???? I say G.I.F
Gif logic : dude G as in gift Jif logic : dude G as in giraffe G.I.F. logic : dude f*ck you both
yiff
gif is pronounced gif not jif because i fear that one day in conversation ill think someone is talking about peanut butter. thank you
Jif is peanut butter gif is how you pronounce it
Giraffe-jiraffe Gif-gif
The inventer of the term initially made it gif pronounced with a soft "g" however, it became gif pronounced with a hard "g". It's truly interesting to see how language works and evolves over time. Both how words are pronounced and the meanings of words that change over time
yiff
my name's gif
Nah, I think its Gif
I pronounce GIF as "low resolution repeating video thingy
The "G" in "GIF" is silent, obviously.
So some people say God like Jod?
Woah
yif
i always said it “jif”
no it is pronounced /ʛi̴ːɸˤʲ/
I pronounce it G I F
I have the worst ear infection and I didn't lisson toa ny of this
Guys hear me out gift but take away the t what does that make GIF
what? no? the person who created it SAID it was pronounced the same was as JIF. just get over it! you lost!!!
I'm gonna pronounce it with the voiced velar fricative as the initial sound
Solomon: we shall cut this child in half. It is pronounced *yif*.
I mean I like to pronounce “gif” like the g in genre
It's pronounced "Yiff" and i will die a glorious death on that hill
WHY ISNT IT CALLED JIF THEN HUH?
In my language we are saying things as they are written so sometimes we ignore English stuff and we say laser and gif not jif
so your the guy who screems in the ylyl
jif? thank jod
Huh really ? I always thought it was pronounced GIF
How do you say Jig  I rest my case
Are we talking about the peanut butter or the animated tiny video that repeats
Me who always said G.I.F: 👁👄👁
Jokes on u cuz I pronounce it as g.i.f I bet u didn't expect that
Gif stands for graphics interchange format. Graphics is pronounced with a hard G. So it's GIF not JIF.
Moving pictures
so I've been saying Gif (d3if) right all the time  based
I just get the whole problem by turning the game into a ‘y’. Way more fun pronunciation, try it around your friends!
It's gif
GIF stands for Graphics Interchange Format...Not Jraphics Interchange Format
Jif
its pronounced gife
Its pronounced jif imo
GIF stands for Graphics Interchange Format, not Jraphics Interchange Format
do you say gaming or jaming????
IT IS GIF- the g stands for graphics its a hard g
I say jif
Me who says the letters : *I am four parallel universes ahead of you*
Here in Brazil we (well, I, at least) pronounce it like gif all the same. The jif pronunciation sounds very "english" here (in the sense that when you have a word in portuguese and you dont know how it's english you try to say it with the same writting as in portuguese but with an english "accent").
ugh it’s pronounced gif not gif
All languages: "You can know exactly how a word is pronounced based on how it's written" English: "GIF IS PRONOUNCED JIF NOT GIF"
No need to watch the video. The title already answered for us
All of that argument just bcuz English is such a stupid language
Its Jif
so is it pronounced GIF or GIF
I speak for most graphic designers when I say: It's pronounced gif with a soft g. Get it right y'all
I just call them Jeff.
I pronounce it as “jiaief”
I pronounce it ⬧︎🕆︎♌︎📄︎❍︎♏︎. Dunno what people are saying if or jif  ONLY PRESS READ MORE WHEN YOU SOLVED WHAT IT SAID!    shameless self promotion
I think we all need to accept that everyone has there own pronunciation and drop it
When you pronounce Jif not Gif
He’s right. Jraphics Interchange Format!
I swear everyone used to pronounce GIF with a soft G, but then everyone switched up all of a sudden and made it a hard G...
The website is Giffy, like jiffy. It’s pronounced jif
I say jif😅
Never mind this, is it pronounced obj or obj?
If you gave this word to a class of 4 year olds and told them to sound it out it would be GIF
ITS GIF
it's gif, the creator of gif is wrong
“It’s pronounced GIF” Both sides thinking that they are right from how they thought it 😭
This is why I'm glad English is my second language
It’s gif  Not jif
If anyone pronounces it “jif” I have trust issues with them
Now the other question, how is gif peanut butter pronounced
No one: Me when i hear someone say "JIF": You talking about the peanut butter??
Then spell it it Jif. Not Gif.
It WOULD be pronounced jif but that’s already a peanut butter
It's gift without the T
Legends call it G I F
It's pronounced YIFF.
I always knew it was gif. Who ever thought it was ajjjjjjjjjjjjjj.
I heard about this from the big bang theory lmao
Its spelled gif because its pronounced gif Not jif
God finally comes down from heaven and says "it's pronounced jod"
GI(ra)F(fe)
jif.
Guys, it's not pronounced Gif, it's pronounced Gif!!!
It's Gif because Yiff exists.
Gif is best way to say it.
The old way was saying yiff.
Gif not jif i dont care thats my opinion 🖕🖕
The g makes the g sound.  So its a g sound.  So gif.   Nothing more.
Jeff
Put gif into google translate and press the speaker button on English it says Gif. NOT JIF!
People who say jif being sent straight to hell after calling god "jod"
People who say jif being sent straight to hell after calling god "jod"
*JUST SAY G.I.F. FOR GOODNESS SAKE*
gift but not gif?
there are people who still call it "jif" because in their native language, 'g' followed by 'i' is always pronounced as ji.
Nah. In russian we call it gif (not jif!)
“Geef” Alternatively, “Jeef”
Its pronounced gee I eff
It's G.I.F. y'all
Then im gonna say "Jif"  To piss nerds off.
I'd say JIF, personally of course. I just don't wanna confuse with 'gift' that's all
Yes
I learned "laser" was an acronym by playing Kirby and the Amazing Mirror when I was a kid so hah take that dictionaries
okay okay get this instead of gif…         ✨yiff✨
Calling someone a jiffer sounds like an insult.
it’s jif, change my mind
I pronounce it as G  I   F  🙃
jif or gif   Its just moving picture.
Simple argument here. Jiff peanut butter
I was a "JIF" guy from the beginning.
Why can't English be simple
I pronounce it differently depends on the language I’m using
Jiffy lube
I like “jif” better, because when someone tells you they sent you a “gif” you have to pause your brain for a second to determine if they meant a digital moving image or if you’ve forgotten it’s your birthday.   I’ve never had a problem with assuming someone might be talking about peanut butter.
jif is still better
This guy looks old and young at the same time and it’s hurting my mind.
Oh... so most of you pronounce it as 'gif'...      I didn't realize people pronounce it with a short I.
“Much closer than we though, only 70% say gif.”  No, that’s an overwhelming majority. Gif wins. Case closed
i say short video loop
who cares nerd
I say jif and I don't have any good reason for it, I just think that gif sounds stupid
I thought it was gif, but it turns out to be gif.   The more you know
peanut butter.
dewberry british accent dewberry american/canadian accent.
Creator should’ve spelled it with a J then.
I say gif because Jif is peanut butter
If it's pronounced jif why does it have a G check mate
Its G I H  - F
Yiff
No it’s pronounced yiff
I wasn't even aware that most people pronounced it with the hard g. I always pronounced it like jif
I prefer gif over djif because of the peanut butter brand JIF. I think as a principle we should favor pronunciations that differ when inventing new words with meanings that differ.
This debate has gotten to a point where I don't even remember how I originally pronounced it.
🤵🏻‍♂️oh ok
I pronounce it "yiff". Because I'm a winner.
i read it in my head with a soft g and got mad like “how can you prove that” because i’m actually stupid
Guys it's   Ghiph
where’s the J
C’mon people it’s pronounced gif not gif how dumb are you guys?
looped videos
true chaotic evils pronounce it as "yiff"
Isnt the english language great? 🤦‍♂️
Yep, it’s GIF.
All slavs I know pronounce it as /gif/
If gif is pronounced as 'jif' then jpeg should be pronounced as 'gpeg'
Guys it’s Gif, not Gif
Don't search up yiff
It isn't GIF , it's gOURf . * USSR anthem intensifies *
People who pronounce GIF as "Jif" getting sent directly to Hell after meeting God at Heaven's gates and calling Him "Jod"
yif aint it
Call it yiff
I'm slovakian and i pronounce it as i read and write it. there's no way in hell I'm gonna type "džif" so let's just go with gif
Gif not Jiff its Gibraltar not Jibraltar xb
And here I was thinking it was pronounced gif
The only thing i need to say it's pronounced gif is that the g stands for graphics or something like it, i don't remember the acronym exactly but I know it starts with graphic so I'm gonna pronounce it gif because it only makes sense to me.
Better then yiff.
It’s GIF, not GIF.
jif is better
Nah my guy I'm very sure it's pronounced GIF
GUYS, ITS OBVIOUSLY GIF. WHY WOULD IT BE GIF GIF IS STUPID ITE OBVIOUSLY GIF
"duhh it's not peanut butter" but so i'm not wrong, though? i declare myself correct and none of you heathens can stop me
My logic is that JIF is a peanut butter, GIF is better to make it less confusing.
I just do it in sign language bonk
/gif/ is literally the word in pronunciation.
I pronounce it JEE AYE EFF
The word: G I F People: jIF
Looking at the word "gift", gif is one letter away from being that word. By that logic, it should be said with a hard g..... But then, I just thought that using this pronunciation, it makes those those two words sound too similar (exclusding the fact of the presence of words that mean different thing but sound the same), it would be used with a soft g.  I still read it with a hard g.
What? stuff
I pronounce it as "yif" just so I don't have to pick between the two. Also to sound annoying to some.
I thought it was gif because the g stands for Graphic
eh..sometimes i can say both without noticing but i like saying Gif
it’s pronounced yiff actually
in England its pronounced "if"
i really think it should be gif
I pronounce it by spelling the letters. G-I-F
i believe in “jif” supremacy
I say jif because it sounds like the peanut butter brand
Is it gill or gill
No it's pronounced gif get it right
Laughs in spanish where it can only be pronounced gif, as g doesn't have that other phoneme to pronounce it like jif
जिफ
Well I just say it as Gee-Eye-Eff
I pronounced it the right thing the whole time hahaha
…I did not realize this was something controversial? I’ve always just said “gif” (the one where the hard g is pronounced) because it’s spelled the same as the Dutch word for poison so I just pronounced it similarly…
Just say jay ai ef
To gif or not to gif, that is the question
It's pronounced yiff btw.
Imagine pronouncing "gif" as "gif", couldn't be me
Guh for graphic  Guh for gif
I actually pronounce it differently, I say "gif" instead of gif or gif
Jæf
nahh, it's pronounced "yiff"
I've always said it with a hard g because in Finnish every letter is said as is
Y'all be pronouncing it as GIF here I am spelling it out every time
its yiff
Gif or Gif?
go another way, make it a spanish "g" "hotaif"
It's "repeated soundless video" duh
*Of course its gif*
It's pronounced Ti, not Ti. (Related to nVidia 3070Ti announcement)
It's G-I-F
2025
Jraphics Interchange Format
nah it’s pronounced 19 caliber bullet
jif
Me who pronounces it gif
The inventor is wrong. It’s pronounced gif.
Damn I thought it was gif or gif not gif, but I guess gif makes sense
Gotta appreciate that this video is atleast 3 min long.
Sorry tom, with a hard DJI? got it.
I love peanut butter 💜❤️❤️🧡 but it might not be jiff
i used to call it gif but now i call it gif
It is like viber all over again. Viber or vaiber?
"yiff"
I think English is broken and we should all start speaking Martian.
/jeev/
Proof its gif: Its not jif because gif the g in gif stands for graphics not jraphics and remember jif PeanutButter it’s pronounced JIF so gif its pronounced gif and for another example  Your gifted I gave you a gift look at this GIF  *THE EARTH IS FLAT PPL!!!*
beautifully done!
Bruh, imagine if God came down and was like "it's pronounced Jod"
The invention is just a peanut butter fanboy. It's pronounced GIF, not JIF. The council decided.
I disagree. I believe it's pronounced GIF.
The easy way to win this war is to teach children at a young age that it's pronounced GIF. Eventually, people who pronounce it like GIF will die out.
It's pronounced hif now.
Ploob or poob
Gif sounds stupid jif sounds good
You don't get your brother a jift for christmas. Gif as in gift. Not jif peanut butter.
Gilf
I jive you a jift for your birthday :)
Creators a troll. Jif is wrong. Gif is right. Graphics.
Now do "gib".
Time to upload some code into JitHub.
I just think /dʒɪf/ honestly makes a hell of a lot more sense but whenever I actually refer to it I almost exclusively pronounce it as /gɪf/. I’m trying to convert myself.
I just say 7 fps video
No it is clearly qif
I end up calling it both and confuse myself bc I don't like disappointing ppl
I pronounce it as jif the majority of time just cuz it looks like gift and I in the past did not want to mix up gif and gift in my head. Like saying "look at this cool gift I found!" instead of "look at this cool gif I found!". It wasn't a huge problem but that reason helped me learn it faster.
People that pronounce it jif will not be forgiven by any jods.
Finally someone who pronounced it gif
i think it's better to say gif because jif sounds a lot like yiff
I've always said gif cause it's how the word lokks but knowing the English language it probably is jif
it's spelled GIF and not JIF, so i'm going to call it GIF
Well it's like jpeg... We go "Jay-Peg" not "jeh-peg" despite that being more technically accurate
It’s pronounced gif not jif. And no, just because the creator of the word chooses to pronounce it incorrectly, doesn’t make it correct.
Who owned the copyright, and there is your answer. LZW algorithm that made GIFs possible was actually under patent, owned by a company called Unisys Corp. And in 1995, after years of developers having a free-for-all with their GIFs, suddenly Unisys wanted to make good on their patent. They announced they would be charging a small royalty (.45 percent and .65 percent on different products) for software that used the algorithm, including TIFF and PDF as well as GIF. Their patent wouldn’t run out until 2003 in the U.S. and 2004 everywhere else.
Dear English... Why are you like this?
It's called a moving picture.
Its gif cmon
It’s 100% G-I-F
I feel it was decided when most people started pronouncing it gih-f, language is decided by the people and the majority decides a pronunciation
Actually it’s pronounced Jieofegif
My final decision is:        GIF
G-I-F
Me who says jee I eff:
I just say G I F. Each letter individually.
I like to pronounce “gif” with a hard G.
It's pronounced graphics interchange format
bruh it’s gif no argument
Typical English problem. We don't have this is The Netherlands.
I used to say, G I F
In my country laser is pronounced lass-uhr
I'm more impressed that 'laser' is actually an acronym
if jif won then jraphic and jift and jod exist
It's "Gif" because in the event that someone made a graphics format that was somehow ".jif", it'd be pronounced "jiff" and thus the pronunciation of ".gif" needs to be "giff" in order to be more accurate and not confusing. It doesn't actually matter if the format exists or not – what matters is both future proofing and precision. If a letter has two pronunciations, it's better to choose the one that's more unique to that letter.
i remember seeing an image that said "gif" was pronounced "yiff" so now im pronouncing it like that to piss people off.
I thought it was supposed to be pronounced with a "yih"?
dʒɪf
I think {insert argument here} read it and weap read it and weap
Imagine getting sent to hell because you called God "jod"
GIF stands for "Graphics Interchange Format", you don't say "Jraphics Interchange Format"  So in my opinion, it's gif, not jif.
TIL laser is an acronym— seriously, am I the only one who didn’t know this?
I only say JIF because the creator said that was the correct pronunciation. I'm going with the creator.
_gift_
The question is, is it gif or gif?
i just say G I F
It's pronounced Arkansas not Arkensaw!
I say both so I don’t piss off people
I pronounce it as gif
The G stands for ‘Graphic’, thats a hard G, so its GIF
I hate gif its sounds ugly gif is way better
Title says it all, folks.
shush it's gif
Until graphics is pronounced Jraphics, it's Gif
I pronounce it Yiff to confuse people
To be honest GIF is the word used across the world, it's not just used by anglophones. I encountered GIF in my native tongue and a hard copy made more sense than anything else, imagine my horror to move country only to hear it and words of my native tongue being horribly butchered, language is crazy y'all
I call it G-I-F Gee ai ef
I don’t understand why this is a problem ITS FURKIN PEANUT BUTTER SO CALL IT THAT
Gifraff
I thought of jif the peanut butter
Phonetic languages clearly got the win because this discussion wouldn't be happening.
I hate English
Me who thought it was G. I. F.
The correct answer is of course Gee Aai Ef
“Graphics Interchange Format”  Graphics doesn’t have a J sound. GIF, not JIF, is logically the correct pronunciation
in old english, "gif" was pronounced "yiff". this is not a joke, look it up! :D
"animated images"
The G is short for “graphic” and therefore it’s pronounced like “gift” without the T.
you know what? I'll just call it yif from now on
It’s actually pronounced Yiff but K.
G making the J sound in any word is stupid if you think about it. I mean we already have J, why overcomplicate things?  English is so ridiculous, I'm glad I learned it as a toddler instead of having to figure it out now.
Why not GJIF
It's pronounced gif not gif
Jod
Chif
J left the group.
This is nice and all,  but do you say data or data?
how would i have known GIF was pronounced GIF
Namjoon pronounces it as "gee-eye-ff"
For me, it'll always be "a dot gee eye eff file"
The creater says it is jif so it is jif. Also when trying to figure out an acronym i would never think of stupid stuff like F when i see a P even though PH exists.
It's pronounced "gabonkadong“ ☝🏻
Isn't it yif?
Uhh, I have to uhh...
I gave up and just alternate between the two
I don't pronounce it either way. I say G. I .F .
I think it’s gif. Gif sounds funny, but gif sounds right
Golfer and gofer is what I think of
I just call it “   “ so no one gets mad
out of the two choices, i say jif because when i hear gif, it sounds too much like gift, jif can be widely understood, as Jif peanut butter isn’t usually brought up in conversations like the word gift is. also cause it’s fun to be in the minority and piss people off
prouncing it like yiff is my go-to
Is it github or jithub?
If you have to spell it like "jif" to say how it's pronounced then that's not how it's pronounced
When they say Jif instead of Gif.   Everyday , we stray further from Jod
When I saw gif in between forward slashes I had flashbacks about an absolute shithole board.
This word feels similar to the “either vs. either” thing, where one is pronounced (ee-ther) and one is (AI-ther). Both are correct and people commonly use both. But nobody ever corrects each other. I think that’s how this should be.
Y'all need jod
It's pronounced "yiff"
I think it's pronounced "gif" not "gif"
Solve the debate, say something completely different. Call it “aaaa”
Bruh I say "Graphics Interchange Format" straight
Want the answer? Ask god.
all those people that pronounce gif like gif instead of gif really get on my nerves
I hate to be a hater, it's not really me, but can you please just tell me from the start whether or not my time will be wasted?
I think it’s /GIF/ with a hard G
Oh for pete's sake, it's pronounced like the "g" in "garage"
Ima just say fig from now on
I always say each individual letter
Gee eye fff
I just say 🍔
I say jgif
You just poked a sleeping dragon with that title
"Hi, so I invented this word and here's how to pronounce it"  the internet: "I'm gonna pretend I didn't hear that"
In old English, “gif” is sometimes pronounced “yiff”
It's pronounced guyf 👀
I say it both ways.
I hate when people say "it's gif not jif!" wtf
It's pronounced Jeff not Geo-ff
People who think is gif and not gif 🤡🤡🤡
This is like bologna vs. baloney
the correct pronunciation is "g.i.f." as in "gee aye eff" because it pisses everyone off.
I pronounce it in the middle like "Jif" but if it were a Spanish word where the "J" was pronounced like an "H" So like.. "*Hif*"
English is a stupid language, I pronounce it as “jif” because in my language G before I and E is always a soft G no exceptions, in order to be a hard G it needs an H between them so it should’ve been written as ghif so i would read it as “gif”
It's pronounced Yiff
Y’all are tripping, it’s literally pronounced gif
Jif is a peanut butter.
It’s pronounced sniff
Just call it "tiny low res repetitive video" or tlrrv's for short.
It stands for Graphics Interchange Format
Its actually probounced yiff
I’m going to be controversial and say    Yiff. I’m leaving now
Am I only one who always pronounced it as - G-I-F? As in, all the letters distinctly?
Laser is an acronym?... My whole life has been a lie... Anyway, because in my native language we treat G as the "hard G" (with some exceptions, i think) I instinctively pronounced it as "Gif", and the only people I have heard that say "Jif" were english speakers so I thought it was because how the G works in English and leave it like that.
A 3 minute video of Tom going insane.
I still prefer gif over gif
GIF stands for Graphics Interchange Format. So shouldn’t it be pronounced G.I.F?
You know what, I'm pronouncing it gif and not gif
I pronounce it gif because it's similar to gift.
No, it's pronunced "moving images"
My preferred pronunciation is "yif" might just be the furries getting to me tho
GIF is the same as gift, but without the 't'.
I've always read it as JIF so it'll continue like that for me
If you write down jif everyone pronounces that as jif. But if you write down gif. We all know what that references to. So based on text it's pronounced gif.
So i pronounce gel wrong....
Anyone who pronounces it gif and not gif is not to be trusted
Thank Jod
I thought its called G. I. F.?
Errr it's read as G-I-F? Isn't it how short form work?
Hayif
Doesn't the "g" in GiF stand for "Graphic", because that would be a good argument for it to be pronounced GiF
Gif is just gift without a T
The Maker: JIF Common pronunciation: GIF My pronuntiation: G I F
In France "gi" is always pronounced "ji", so there are more people that say "jif". Yet we also have this debate over the pronounciation 😂 Very well explained anyways thanks!
I think that the person who creates the word should get to decide the pronounciation keeping in mind that the letters used can be pronounced that way. So i would respect the creator and agree with 'jif'
I don't know why I've been suggested 2 of your videos but I'm glad I was
This is why english sucks.
Another episode of why don't people just pronounce things based on how they are spelled.
omg it’s gif not gif cuz gif sounds better than gif
In italian it's pronounced as jif, because the letter g is always soft before the vowels i and e. To be pronounced as a hard g it should be written like "ghif". So in Italy there is no debate, everyone would pronounce that with a soft g.
the others pronounce it gif or jif but I pronounce it g.i.f
Lawful: Gif  Chaotic:Jif Evil:Yif
G I F
*j i f f*
Idk I just say it as gift but without the t
LAUGHS IN "HIF"
People in 1940s: there will be flying cars by 2020s.  People in 2020s: NO ITS PRONOUNCED AS GIF.
It’s pronounced gif No need to thank me
It's not gif it's gif okay?
Let’s call them Jeff instead
Fun fact, in Romanian, you would pronounce LASER as LAH-SEHR
*bold* of you to assume I'm pronouncing it at all- imagine talking to people.
Just looked it up. Its pronounced "yif". If you want to keep your sanity dont look it up, or do, im not your dad.
I pronounce GEE AAI EF
Guys, no more arguing. I’m deciding that it’s pronounced “GIF” not “JIF”
it's clearly pronounced "Jeff" or maybe even "Geoff" if you're feelin a bit wild
People who say "jif" Are rlly sad
I pronounce it as GIF.
Aight so anyone want "Jift" this Christmas this year?
it's yif
I always pronounced it as G.I.F …
It's pronounced with the same G as in "Garage"
I pronounce each letter. G.I.F.  My friends think I'm insane.
me who says g i f
After watching this I've realised how difficult it must be to learn English
₯28
It's definitely gif
Today I learned laser and scuba are acronyms
There is not exactly a correct way to pronounce GIF, it's kinda like how people pronounce syrup, they either pronounce it surr up or seer up and data pronounced either Datta or Day ta, it's all very confusing might aswell just spell the acronym so no one's upset
It's pronounced balls
IT'S PRONOUNCED GIF WITH AN 'I'  *Debate settled*
Based
I don't care, jif is peanut butter.  For me, it's gift without the t.
The title is so punchable.
Didn’t the creator say jif?
English is so fhsofiviskwpvjakapfod
GIF hands down who tf says jif
it’s gip
by the end of this video, i forgot how i pronounced "gif"
stop spitting facts, my house is getting flooded.
If you pronounce it gif and not gif, you are a disgrace to humanity.
It's yif
Dude it’s gif stop arguing jeez
So it's gif
GUYS! it's pronounced GIF, not that hard
I've been saying it with each letter. g i f Say the letter g Say the letter i Say the letter f  "Hey, look at this g i f I found, its funny."
guys it’s clearly not pronounced ‘gif’ it’s pronounced ‘gif’ 🙄
Now for the data debate. I personally think it's data
If I have to type "JIF" to express how it's pronounced, then it doesn't seem like it being spelled otherwise would give it the same pronunciation.
/gif/ anons,you have been summoned
My mind reads it like "Jif".
Actually it's T, O, Y TOY
Imagine saying gif instead of gif. This post was made by the gif gang
0:25 congratulations, you played yourself
Hear me out, what if it's pronounced "GIF."
Jeff
Safe solution: it must be forever pronounced as Graphics Interchange Format.
I prefer to call it "yiff"
Laser is an acronym!?
I personally pronounce it as _jif_ . It flows better than _gif_ in my opinion.
No
I'm German so it's gif. Ez
It's yiff
Yes, I do agree that it's pronounced as /yif/.
About JPEG, in Portuguese we say 'jota peg' (jota is the pronunce of J)
In Portuguese is 100% GIF (strong G)
My reasoning for pronouncing it as jif is that the letter G is pronounced jee, not gee.
Yiff, huh.
idgaf what the creator says, it's Gif not jif lmaoo
Haha I say it right
Jif gang rise up
The person who made GIFs is wrong
i mean i just pronounce it how i like it, i don't see why people make a big deal about it
I strongly believe that anyone who decides to pronounce a acronym of which starts with Graphics with a J sound needs to unexist, including the guy who made the acronym.
why not just call it "yiff"?
What if its actually G.I.F ???
I have never heard a person in Turkey pronounce it as "jif" because in Turkish words are read the same way they are written
It’s just gif. There shouldn’t be so much debate about it imo. I’ve known how to pronounce it for years...and suddenly now it’s being turned into an argument? I thought we all collectively agreed how to pronounce gif by now.
I never even realized that G has two sounds... English isn't even my native language so it shouldn't be like second nature to me for me to not notice it
“Creator of gif says it’s pronounced jif”   I recognize the council has made a decision, but given that its a stupid ass decision, I’ve elected to ignore it
Me who thinks it's: g. i. f.   YES I SAY THE LETTERS.
creator said jif i say jif  this isn’t a situation like uno where they don’t know how tf to play their own game
Neh bro you can't change my mind. It's gif and gif only
YIFF
Meanwhile me, who spells out G. I. F.   every time
I just pronounce it as angry bird
my dumbass just learned that laser was an acronym.  guess you learn everything everyday.
is it pronounced g i f? or G I F
God himself could come down to earth and say "it's pronounced jif" and I still would say gif.
I pronounce it as separate letters instead of combining them.
I pronounced it as G.I.F
If the g in gif is pronounced as the g in gel, then the g in god should also be pronounced as the g in gel.
Me who just says the letters G and I and F "Everyone is stupid except me"
Fun to call it “yiff”, that way you can see if the person you are talking to has some knowledge/ has been in the furry fandom based on their reaction.
its "jif" idiots
yiff
The civilised way to reconcile this matter would be to sit down and discuss it over tea and scones.
You earned my sub, love your content gonna watch more
English is fun.
everyone: *arguing over gif or jif* me: moving-picture-but-not-a-video-thingy
I pronounce it Jif because if you invented it you should be able to decide how it's pronounced.
me an intellectual: Jee Eye Ef
I would personally pronounce it gif
Plot twist: It’s pronounced “Yif” and everyone’s wrong
YIF
Gif.
It is GIF
its jif bro
like it has to be GIF just remove the T from Gift what do you get?
If gif is pronnonced d3if, then how is the peanut butter jif proononced?
Do you mean jiff or (g means j and g so im going to use the cryllic alphabet) г
either GIF or peanut butter
Yiff
Personally, I prefer “yif”
I pronounce it Yiff
I call it yiff :)
People who say “jif” will go straight to hell for calling God “Jod”
matter of fact, its neither. it's pronounced 'yiff'
Um actually it’s pronounced yif
People with no brain: gif Me who has monke brain: gif You who has coconut brain: gif
if you have to say its pronounced "jif" then there's definitely a problem
Just remembered silent G's exist-
Don’t say gif wrongly because it sounds like yiff.
What if it's pronounced Guh-I-fuh
I never knew laser was an acronym.
Laser and Scuba are acronyms???
It's pronounced differently in my language although the word is the same
Meanwhile me, a Polish: Look at them, having two spellings of "g".  For those who don't know, in Polish language, the "g" is like your "hard g" like it is in word "get".
No it's GIF.
ὲᵝɚ̀ᶘᶨᶐᶖᶠᶖᶤᶗᶥᶒǽᵠə̀ə̀Rᵥ̤̀̀|̬̊|̚ʩ̄ʣ̄̅̚ʣ̅̄̚̚͡ˆʖ̇ʖɷʖ̽̈̄̄̚̚ʖ̄̄̚̚ʖ̄̄̄̚ʨ
Oh my jod
I called it G I F.......
Dont care what the creator says, "graphics" has a HARD g, and gif means "graphics interchange format", so the hard g os aproiate, also its 1 letter from being "gift" which also has a hard g, it has a hard g, period. Jif is a type of peanut butter, and has nothing to do with graphics, PERIOD.
I pronounce it Gee aye ef
*me not remembering which one i chose*
You have the right to be wrong about how I say GIF, but I won't be changing. A G sounds like a G, not a J. Unless you are saying Giraffe. GIF is more like the word GIFT, which has a hard G.
I sure do love d3If peanut butter.
It's obviously pronounce  GOLF INDIA FOXTROT It's just common sense
I can never tell whats a tom scott clip or an official video
I call it gif, not gif
Actual answer: jee eye eff
These are the best type of videos
I simply refuse to believe that it's pronounced "jif"
It's pronounced Jesus, not Jesas.
Im so glad it isnt actually called "yif"
What a perfect title
No, it's *gif*
But how is the jif peanut butter pronounced…
Gift literally explains gif makes more sense.
gif is the moving pictures jif is the peanut butter
Jif
I don’t care what anyone says, it is pronounced JIF with a g obviously
Gif is an image. Jif is a type of peanut butter.
Dude its chif
it should be G-I-F end of the discussion
Great ending
Guys hear me out i think its gif
What about wiff?
People have gone to war over less
Others: It’s pronounced GIF not GIF.                                Me: ooohhhhhhhhhh… didn’t think about it like that
I am okay with saying jfeg if it allows us to agree on the correct pronunciation.  Jif physically takes more effort to say, no.
It's pronounced yiff not gif
It’s pronounced fig
Me pronouncing it as Ji Ay Eff    "I'm a million galaxies ahead of you"
Personally, I think it's pronounced gif.
My name is gustavi and say everything g even when sounds like j
ITS 1M% GIF, STFU GUYSSS
Garage, giraffe, gym, giant, ginger, large, orange, dodge, cage, gem, germ  Imagine those words said by the 70% of people who chose the wrong answer
I'm obviously no linguistics expert, but from what I understand, GI is pronounced with G, not J.  The F here is subordinate and not relevant to the issue.  That being said, I recall learning that Chi is the English interpretation of a single Chinese letter.  The point is that when translating something across languages, information, or sound, or some other aspect can be lost in translation or understanding.  That being said, the Inventer of the format is American.  Americans are a whole range of complicated in their language.  But then dialects in the UK are not much different if you are not prepared for them.  So maybe it is pronounced with a J in his community.  But the general majority outside of that says it with a G.  So it seems to be down to a localised issue of how it should be said, relative to how other people in your area might pronounce other words.
Its pronounced as gif
Bruh I hate my life now.
Well, it is actually Yif, not Gif or Jif.
Agony
*Me silently sobbing in the corner with G-I-F*
The case with the creator of gif is playing out similarly to uno, people decide the rules for themselves, despite what the creators say.
I always say G I F separately
It used to be called "f#@% software patents!"
русские победили со своим «гиф»
I’ll literally use either, I stopped caring which one was more popular and just use both depending on how I feel
wait i called it G.I.F
me: doesnt care, says g-i-f
0:26 I KNEW IT!
Gif
I pronounce it as jif
GIF stands for GRAPHIC interchange format.   Do you say Jraphics? I think not.  Maybe JPEG should be pronounced Jeg. All I'm saying is if the initial pronunciation was Gif, and most people think it's gif, than it's gif.
*... It's "jif" though.*
Language is based on usage, so 70% using it as Gif not Jif, means that the correct answer is G not J
Of course the correct answer, as presented at the beginning, is that it's 70/30
I just say Graphics Interchange Format
My discord friends pronounce it as "Yif"   help me
Yihf
Its pronounced gif for a reason… GIF IS A MOVING IMAGE JIF IS A TYPE OF PEANUT BUTTER
The creator is wrong though
hhhhhhhhhhhhmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm GRIF
If someone asks you just say it's pronounced like the g in garage
I will still pronounce it yif, you can’t stop me
The way i see it, it depends on the F more than the G. If it was spelled GIFF, I’d say hard G, because that is how it is often pronounced when two consonants are present. But because only one is present in GIF, you pronounce it like giraffe or gin. It seems more natural visually. (And don’t try to make exceptions because your argument is plain gibberish!)
it's pronounced like the "g" in "garage"
The guy who can pronounce every word says it G.I.F
Its G.I.F
I know it’s gif because I saw this gif that said not jiff like the peanut butter
i always believed it to be GIF with the hard g simply because of the word 'gift', i think so many young ppl who grew up on the internet and seeing it for time, gift is probably the word they are most familiar with :0!! or at least thats how it worked for me.
I don’t know why I like this channel it’s so nerdy but so entertaining
It’s gif not jif
I think “gift” is the end all be all to the argument
In Dutch "gif" means "poison" and we pronounce it with another different 'g'. We can even pronounce 'g' in a softer and more Belgium way. When do the possible pronunciations stop?!
Anyone else use em interchangably?
Me: *laughs in Romanian*  In Romanian Gif would be Ghif and Jif would be Gif
I prefer the pronunciation, yiff
Graphics interchange format GRAPHICS HARD G
Everyone arguing over how GIF is pronounced and here I am mind blown by the fact that laser is an acronym
It's obviously ghjif
Gif. Hard G.
The g is silent It’s if
That's why I hate english sometimes... it just feels so backwards most of the time.
It's YIF
Whenever this debate comes up, I like to pretend I say "yiff", to equally frustrate everybody.
Me who pronounces it g'ay'f (Like in mY, I, pIE, pI)
_and my brother said i say it wrong_
I don’t care, it’s pronounced GIF! JIF is fvcking peanut butter😩
It's like gift without the t
I pronounce it "yiff"
I pronounce it as: G-I-F  ????????????????
I would like to remind y’all that if English wasn’t so rebellious with being able to pronounce letters differently we could say that G makes a Guh sound and J makes a Juh sound
It’s gif I swear guys
I just say gadif to piss both sides so I always come out on top
i REALLY thought you were an animation for a sec
i didnt know there was a whole debate on this topic. i just spelled out G-I-F everytime i referred to it, i assumed that was the right way since no one corrected me 🤡🤡
Meanwhile me who pronounce it as...........  𝙂𝙚𝙚 𝘼𝙞𝙞 𝙁 🤣🤣
It’s actually pronounced G I F because all the letters are capitalized so it’s like an abbreviation
I think it's better to be pronounced as Gee-Ai-Ef
When the standardized pronunciation formatting of gif is literally just gif I have a feeling that's the winner.
LASER is actually an acronym??! My whole life is a lie.
Jiffy
when people say jif i just think of peanut butter and i don’t like peanut butter so it weirds me out a bit /lh
Istg it’s G.I.F. Or Jee Eye Eff
i want it to be jif so there can be 69 jif pronounced words
there is already a .JIF format so it wouldn't make sense for there to be .JIF and .GIF (pronounced JIF) so I believe its pronounced GIF
it's yif
Is it not just like a heteronym?
I pronounce gif as gijif so either everyone is happy or nobody is
Can we just call it G.I.F. Just like the way we say MS
Here's how it is. Gifs, the moving pictures, are pronounced with a hard G. Jif, the peanut butter company, is pronounced with a soft G noise. There you go.
So it's settled. It's Gif.
Wasn’t there someone who said it’s pronounced “yiff” cause of some old English thing
I pronounce it as “Moving Picture”
It's basic english lmfao it's definitely pronounced "jif". G+I makes a "J," sound so I don't get why the pronunciation more popular is "/gIf/"
just pronounce it as jee ai eff
That giraffe is as confused as me
Okay but who cares. Why can’t we just say things how we want
It's pronounced JIF.
Why are we arguing about this? Gif or jif it doesnt matter. What matters is the word exists
It’s both,now stop arguing
wait what!? I pronounced it as G.I.F (each letter spelled individual)
Interesting that you have gib as an example haha
I'm pronouncing it chif and no one can stop me
Good thing I've been pronouncing it right all these years
GIF means Graphic Interchange Format so here I am reading it as G-I-F
Why not just call it " GEE EYE EFF". Problem solved
Zee ai eff
Moral of the story is english was made by a bunch of drunk dudes
People be pronouncing at as gif or jif, while I just say it as "G-I-F".
it doesnt matter if its correct it sounds stupid and also isnt peanut butter
does it matter people should say however they want even if it’s wrong or not
Ill still say gih ff.
It's actually pronounced
I love how the title doesn’t do anything
You are alll fools... has everyone forgotten the strage texts?  It's pronounced YIFFFFF...  Dispite that, I say Jif.
In Old English, the word "if" was spelled gif, and pronounced "yif"
It's pronounced "gjiphf"
Jraphics Interchange Format. I will stand by that argument.
Me who pronounces it as hif What the hell
It's yif
The True Way Of Saying gif Is /gife/
No ItS jIf
Since the "G" stands for graphics, I'm gonna pronounce it like I would graphics.
It’s actually pronounced ᘜᖇᕼIᖴ
this video changed my reality. idk how i used to pronounce it now
actually, the g is silent
You are all wrong. It's pronounced GIF.
its called gif for a reason, if not it would be jif
How about a video on the pronounciation of schedule, and why it grinds my ears when I hear "shedule"?
Damn who knew 70% of people were wrong
You know it's possible for a majority to be wrong
Me be like ITS GIF
As a native Spanish speaker, I pronounce it as GIF (not jif) and also LASER the same way you just did but with a stronger R
I pronounce it jif because in romania if its gi or ge will be pronounced like ji/je and ghi or ghe will be gi/ge
"'Laser' isn't pronounced 'Láser'" Me: uhhhhhhhh, really?
You know what fack you its  "J E F"
It's jif
Its interesting that in english G is pronounced /d3/ but there is some languages that pronounce G like G in /Gif/ and that is i think all Slovakian languages. So of course as slovakian when i saw GIF i read it /Gif/.
Am I the only one saying it as G I F
Jif means peanut butter Gif means moving images on a loop End of story.
Gif ;)
Bruh, everyone knows that it's pronounced as "banana"
Someone said ir was pronounced "yif"
I think it’s also important to note that many people who use this word aren’t native English speakers and possibly don’t ever use the “j” sound with the letter g, like me for example, I’m Polish and in Polish g is always g and the other possible pronunciation of GIF would be spelled with a dż at the beginning. So even knowing this is a word of English origin, we default to our native pronunciation. I’m sure this is the case with other people with different native languages as well.
What if, it is pronounced "if"
oh i thought it was pronounced gif instead of gif. makes more sense now! :)
I got told it was pronounced jif when I was 9 so I've just gotten used to pronouncing like that whoops
its pronounced gif not gif
My pronouncing it "ji-ai-ef": 😐
Wait. I thought it was gif
I have never had to use gif in a conversation so idk
When the two smart kids are arguing if it's pronounced data or data
No one in real life has ever said jif idk who said jif to yall e
I pronounce it letter by letter. G-I-F
I just call it 'G' 'I' 'F'
To end the argument, let's make the g silent That way everyone hates it
nah its gif
Yup, it's GIF
How about we just say the G is silent and call it a day.
Im sorry but after hearing Tom say "yiff" I am officially unable to take this video seriously
I swear Tom Scott is one of our geniuses of this world
so am i the only one who pronounces it as G-I-F?
I call it G.I.F. :''')
Im pronounced it gif not jif
i used to say G.I.F
Absolutely gif for sure
I’ve been saying Gift.
I agree that GIF is the right one
I pronounce it as "jif" because "gif" sounds too much like gift and is more prone to confusion and misunderstand. As far as I can tell "jif" sounds more unique and people will ask, "what do you mean?" if they don't get it rather than sitting there confused about something you just said about a gift.
personally i like pronouncing it as 'yiff' :)
I type gif and sound jif
Easy answer: "G-I-F"
“Hey guys, want some peanut butter? It’s GIF.”
I pronounce both depending on the person I’m talking to
no it’s not
I'm just glad we can ajree on how its pronounced
Don't hate the game, just the developer my boy
no
Creators can be wrong
I go with hard G gif, because a gif can be a gift
This is like food gyro pronounced in different places in US or by different people as guyrow, jyro and eero.
Lets agree, jpeg read as jay-pheg would be very bad.
Y E S
am i seriously the only one who reads GIF  ghe ai ef
GIFT - T = GIF
i say g i f, i win
It’s the Spanish g, hif
its data not data
I call it G I F neither gif nor jif
so it's gif and not gif
Well I think that now we all agree that it's pronounced gif
i've been calling it G.I.F. my whole life
i think jif is better
anytime this debate comes up i tell people that both sides are wrong and its pronounced yif
It's pronounced Yif.    God is dead, and I killed them.
If people still gonna pronounce it ‘ghif’ instead of ‘jif’ then I’m gonna start pronounce things that _should_ be pronounced with a soft g. Like Jigabyte, or Jiveaway, or Jib.
according to ye olden English it's pronounced "yiff"
I disagree. GIF with a "j." "Jiff"
People who pronounce it like “jif” going to hell after meeting God in heaven and calling him “Jod”
Zhife is how I pronounce it.
Pathetic. You guys are all wrong! it's pronounced as "GIF"
I pronounce it as individual letters G I F.....
If it was pronounced “d3if,” then why do they have a different spelling?
Meanwhile me: pronounces it by spelling the letter one by one (G-I-F)
Come to the dark side of the force, say Cif.
its prenounced jif
Gif sounds better than jif. Change my mind.
I think it’s gif not gif
I say gjif so no one gets mad at me
I believe that the Greeks had a word that was spelled "gif" and it was pronounced "yif", so that's the way I say it
dzif
i am verry weird when speaking german i say gif and when i speak english i say jif idk
Pronounced joid.
Just say jee ayee eff and end it
I pefure gif.. Spelt with a
i say gif
This is actually really interesting!
ITS GIF
Who knew a funny moving thing is a huge debate
It’s pronounced “yiff”
I’m here to settle the debate: it’s pronounced GIF
I like to pronounce it Jeff
Do you say jift or gift? Thats what i thought
It's pronounced gif obviously, gif is so wronggg
I personally pronounce it gif
I don’t know if i’m allow to say this but english are weird.
I'm not a native English speaker, so pronouncing it as "GIF" rather than "JIF" was natural for me.
Were English phonetically consistent, this wouldn’t be a problem
What gif the g in gif was silent
instead of saying GIF or JIF lets just call it "The Graphics Interchange Format is a bitmap image format that was developed by a team at the online services provider CompuServe led by American computer scientist Steve Wilhite on 15 June 1987."
I pronounce it letter by letter.
Me who has pronounced it g.i.f. my entire life: bruh...
Cmon ppl its gif not gif
So how many of you pronounce extensions by their letters rather than as words? Like calling "PNG" as P N G not pings and GIF as G I F not jifs etc?
Its G-I-F , that's it 😤
It’s always the opposite of however you pronounce it to me, obviously.
no shut up its jif
what gif it's pronounced if
In old English it’s pronounced yiff
If you have to use the word "JIF" that starts with a J to explain the way its pronounced, then you're doing it wrong. GIF is closest to the word GIFT, which isn't pronounced JIFT (again note the J), so most people are going to pronounce it like GIFT without the T. Even GIVE doesn't have the "J" sound, so you have to do some mental gymnastics to get there.
I do Gif
Guys, its pronounced gif, not gif
Me an intellectual : calls it G I F separately
it is gif because when we say gift we don't say jift we say gift it is the same but only without the t that changes nothing
Who else just say "Gee-ay-ef"?
Ok but its obviously pronounced gif
It’s GIF not JIF PEANUT BUTTER
Jif believers being sent to hell after they meet god at the pearly gates of heaven and call him jod
JIF is correct
Anyone who argues it's gif, is clearly wrong, as the correct way of saying it is obviously gif. God.
Its obviously pronounced GIF and if you say GIF you’re stupid
I don’t think it’s the pronouncing GIF as jif is annoying, what’s annoying  is when people act like such assholes about pronouncing it the “right” way.
I pronounce it gee eye eff *shrugs*
<<"It's pronounced jif, not gif" has a problem, you see?>>  I'm still laughing
whoa gif is more common?? I thought jif was more common and gif was just a small minority. ive always pronounced it jif, and always will
Just saw you in the TVseries  'Only Connect'  You Look and Sound better today  Youth!   What did you study Tom?
fun fact : you said laser with a a hard S which in Slovenia is correct  also you guys do a weird d3 letter for 'jif'....but here its just đ
i say gif as "jif" to piss my friends off and it works every time
But jif is peanut butter
It’s pronounced “milk”
People who read it like *JI-AY-EF* :
And... I pronounced it as "G.I.F."
"GIF" pronounced as "KAREN"
I thought it was pronounced "yif"
it is pronounce gif
As a German, where we pronounce g's like g's and  not like j's, we don't have such an argument. It's gif, not jif.
When I was very young, I used to save everything (documents, images, etc.) in gif format since I thought I would be getting a "gift" someday 😭
The creator was smart enough to invent the format, but dumb enough to pronounce it JIF.
I see the term as a specific name (or at least something comparable to one), and as such, I feel the person who invented the GIF is also the authority on the name - even if words generally don't work that way - e.g., if I wrote a book and gave it a title, that title is its official name, even if the rest of the world refers to that book by a shorthand title, nickname, translation, or other variation.
You guys pronounce it as gif and jif instead of spelling out the letters everytime?
G.I.F end of story.
If the creator says it’s jif it’s jif
I'm flemish, so I pronounce it with a soft "g" .
It is /ɡɪf/!
people that only read the title: do you know how little that narrows it down?
Ohhhh so the G in Gif is like the G in garage
what if you just pronounce it like G. I. F. (like only the letters like you would say them in the alphabet instead of making it a word)
I always pronounced it as a "gif". Not as a "jif" or "dżyf".
Every one is wrong it pronounced GIF not GIF
People who pronounce it jif going straight to hell for calling God Jod
What's the correct answer? GIF or JIF?
Talking to my buddy "Gack" atm
Me who says G-I-F.
Actually its 'yiff'
I'm a soft g user who also respects the common lexicon and advocates coexistence, so it's always nice to see a well-made, nuanced video on the subject. It's also quite rare, so well done, Tom!
Tom, my brain is numb. :(
well to make a long story short if you want to make how something's its pronounced spell it correctly
It's like how do you say aluminium or aluminum
or we go with the Latin pronunciation and go with yif
GIF is GIF. Yiff is yiff.  The same for french speakers. XDDD
i solved this by randomly deciding to pronounce it (hi:f) like beef.
See you guys are weird. One argument is if you put the “t” after gif you get gift. But if you put the “t” BEFORE gif it’s pronounced, “Thank God it’s Friday.”
It's Gif not Jif I don't care on how it's supposed to be said it's spelled Gif.
It's pronunced  "IF" because the 'G' is  silent..
Just pronounce it “Gee-Eye-eff”
Helpful title my guy, what the help does that mean
Problem with the pronunciation jif is that it is also a peanut butter company.
If i hear jif i think of yiff... So thats why i say Gif instead
1:24 *laughs in spanish* ye, sure it's not
If "jiff" is the correct one then why is there even a need to write "jiff" as a phonetic instead of just using "gif", like the word is written? If you saw both words, side by side, GIF and JIF, would you really just say "jiff and jiff" for both?   This doesn't even sound like a debate, it's more like a petty tantrum from those who just got it wrong and can't admit it.
Imagine speaking a language without those pronunciation ambiguities
The best way to get something pronounced like a well known word is to actually use the same spelling as that well known word.
I'll just say jee iy eff
Meanwhile me who pronounces it as G-I-F: My intelligence is beyond your understanding
Whats GIF?
Booooooo COWARD!
I say THE right thing. JIF
👍👍👍
I used to call it "G.I.F," and because G is pronounced like "Jee" I started using the "jif" pronunciation.
"It's pronounced jif." Swedish people:
I know why I went with hard G.  As far as I'm concerned, "Jif" is in the peanut butter aisle.  So I locked in the pronunciation that's didn't sound like you could spread it on a slice of bread.
People have not looked at this properly if they're only looking at words starting with "G" or "GI". Every other word in the English language which contains the word "GIF", are all pronounced GIF, not JIF. There are 19 words that contain the word "GIF", 18 of those 19 are some variation of "GIFT" (gifted, gifting, giftware etc), however there is one exception, that word is "FUNGIFORM", and though being unrelated, the "GIF" part is still pronounced GIF. In conclusion, there is no example in the English language where the word GIF appears pronounced as JIF.
Yes it's pronounced gif
The correct pronunciation is "yiff"
G.I.L.F.
"It's GIF!" "No, it's JIF"  Me: G.I.F
no it’s gif
I believe it should be pronounced gif cause gif sounds like something that would roll of the tongue and I believe that the only way you could possibly get the pronunciation "gif" is by thinking about it for too long, and even then it's inferior.
So what about jee-aye-eff?
you pronounce it like the g in garage
i remember when some kid in school tried argued that doge was pronouced dog-E
I would say it's called Thomaito 🍅
Anyone want a flat Tom for dinner?
Actually I prefer kif
It's pronounced yif
I was right. I was superior and right.
i pronounced it g.i.f
I just say Graphics Interchangable Format.
Reminds me of what someone said with Pokémon names. As long as people know who you're talking about, it doesn't matter how it's pronounced. For example: Rayquaza with short a like the sound "ah" vs Rayquaza with a long a like "ay."
I choose to pronounce it zhaif which from our friends over on PBS Idea Channel made the argument for. Zhaif 4 laif
its pronouced like a hispanic J
anyone other than me who pronounces it G.I.F
I just say G I F
People who pronounce it gif be like: George is pronounced gorg
In French it's (supposed to be) easy : gi is alwaus "j" and you need a "u" (gui) in order to make a "g" ....  ... but we have some people who still say "Gif" as "guitar" and not "giraffe" and it's making me crazy because in french it doesn't make any sense !!!!
jif pronouncers being sent straight to hell after saying "Jod"
Jif people think they're so jood
IGF-I
I’ve never heard someone say “GIF”
Shawn Sean Dawn or Dean
It's pronounced G-I-ff
Jif is the only one, true pronunciation for GIF
for non. ative english speakers, „gif“ is probably the way more likely pronounciation. I think therfore, „gif“ has already an edge pver „jif“
easy: just say "gee eye eff" every time
It's pronounced "yiff"
I've always found the argument that "it's pronounced 'jif' not 'gif'" to be just a bit self-defeating.
People going to hell after they call god “jod”
The minute someone says Jif my opinion of them immediately drops a few points. I can't even help it, it's just how dumb they sound when they say it out loud.
The correct answer is that pronunciation is arbitrary and applying logic does not work. I have a tenancy to say things phonetically, (even the word itself is spelt wrong), and once accidentally said Ber Wick instead of Berrick when pronouncing Berwick: a temporary brain fart, but the person I was with would not even consider that there wasn't a right or wrong way, just a commonly accepted view. Split the word and its Ber and Wick.   Probably its easier to say Berrick than Berwick. If that's the case than why not just spell it Berrick and have done with it?
This is exactly why I pronounce 'gif' as 'gif' and not 'gif'.     Edit: ayoo, stop guys, I get it. It's pronounced gif ;__;
Am I the only person pronounce it G-I-F
Scubba
how are people so dumb to not understand the noise f makes. FFFFFFFFF. its pronounced GIF. there is an f that clearly makes the f noise what other noise could it make. its gif
Me who pronounce it G-I-F: *I'm 4 parallel universe away from you*
i pronounce gif as gif not gif
The old English word "gif" is pronounced "yiff".
I'm not sure we should be assuming which pronouns GIF chooses to identify with.
Anyone for a round of Jolf.
No, it’s pronounced, “skippy”
I always argue that it’s pronounced “jif” cuz that’s what the creator said it was, but I almost always say “gif”
Hard G is correct, GRAPHICS Interchange Format
Why don't we all just pronounce it as Yiff?
Believe it or not, I actually pronounce gif both ways
Me who thought it was 'G I F'  😶
Everyone knows it’s graphic interface format
People who say jif getting sent to hell for calling god jod
It's jif.  The creator of an acronym decides how it is said, in fact (hence SCUBA and the other examples provided.  Their pronunciation was decided by the author.)
It's gift - t
Dudes just don’t realize how gs work with vowels
yiff
The correct way to pronounce it is G.I.F
Its pronounced "geef" damn fools
If I invented a word, I would like people pronouncing it the way I intended it to be pronounced, so dʒ team
thx, now i know that it's pronounced "of course" :)
Y I F F
And the reason it picked it is because its easier to say
Me after watching the video: let's call it a tie
Screw gif or jif, it's G-I-F.
If usb can be pronounced U S B, why don't we pronounce gif G I F.
I see it as *GIF* sounds like *gift* with no 't'.
google translate says it’s pronounced “gif” with the “g” from “get” or “game”, etc
Guys, jif is reserved for peanut butter. It's gif
3:00
It starts with a G it's pronounced gif
It’s actually pronounced gee I F
I usually say GIF with a hard G because of the “Graphics” thing and because of Gift, I guess. Almost the same word, so I pronounce it the same
God sending "jif" pronouncers to hell after they meet God and call him "Jod"
G-I-F, there.
Keeter or Kehter
the way i pronounce it gee eye eff sometimes
it’s literally gif with a hard g bruh
my brother says gift and i say gif
Gif pronouncers looking at a giraffe, “Guhraff”
disappointed after all this time not seeing the single good item of legacy from the PBS Idea Channel   The answer is: ʒaɪf
I think I pronounce it “jif” because my sister is named Gena pronounced “Jena”
1:35
well, what about people who say "G-I-F"?
Historically it’s pronounced yiff.
I pronounce it yif..
The creator is not just wrong, they're also outnumbered
*70%* Tom Scott: _"Not a landslide"_
Oh reminds me of that Gif:  Legolas: "It's pronounced Jif!" Boromir: "I don't live in the Kingdom of Jondor!"
yiff
As long as I know what you're talking about, I dont care how you pronounce it
Old English pronunciation would before front vowels would make a "yuh" sound. Therefore, in this essay, gif is pronounced "yiff".
Jif
Just say  G, I and F seperately.
just pronounce G.I.F
pronouncing it 'jif' is more satisfying idk
I have no reason to pronounce it "jif" since its not peanut butter.  On a serious note, there exists contextual ambiguity with "jif" it seems that "gif" does not contain. Also the fact that without phonetic symbols we describe it with a completely separate romanized symbol that is unambiguous (unless you hispanic) suggests to me someone screwed up.
I always pronounced it with a g like git
Why not just can it G-I-F. Problem solved
its jif.  it just is.
Of course it's pronounced JIF.  After all, it's the TLA for Jraphics Interchange Format.  Of course, pronouncing it JIF when you're talking about GIFs will really annoy people who are talking about JIFs (which is another graphical storage format).
I totally disagree, it's GIF not GIF.
in serbia its pronounced gif (not jif), so it was an easy choice for me
In german you dont have this ge g so it would be pronounced gif
How about we pronounce it the dutch way, GIF, with the patented ch sound of the G
Its obviously pronounced green needle
I think the international aspect is important. In Denmark, g is, as far as I can currently recall, almost always pronounced hard "guh" rather than "djuh". Giraffe is Giraf, unlike in English where it's more like "Djiraf". As such, as I read GIF, it's a hard G for me. That means that, if my experience is representative, you have an entire country - maybe even the entirety of Scandinavia, maybe Germany too - that all have the same interpretation because of how their languages sound. The internet may speak English, but it does so internationally, so when we count pronounciation of an internet-spread word, it will not necessarily conform to usual English rules.
Ga- if. Idk what anyone says it is GIF
It's not pronounced GIF, it's pronounced Jeff! Wake up sheeples.
its because other language pronunciation are almost all GIF and not JIF so when people talk on the internet about GIF they say GIF
i'm 16 and my brain pronounced it as 'G-I-F'
People who pronounce GIF as “jif” being sent directly to hell after meeting God at the pearly gates and calling him Jod.
It's g.i.f
Yif
I love how the internet is going so crazy over the pronunciation of an image format
Im German, that's why it's Gif with a g not a j for everyone here  Because we actually pronounce our letters like they are supposed to be produced
IT’S NOT JIFF ALL U MOFOS
Anyone who thinks it is "jif" I will personally fight you.
i did not catch a word of that.
This is so weird, a discussion (actually a monologue) about the pronunciation of an acronym of a file extension name, more or less a randomly formed word because it is discribing a file format, a data used for images, its just a heap of bits with a specification, something that has no value in the way how you would pronounce it, has no history or regional meaning, or anything like that. Its pronunciation will not change the way how we'd use that data, it will not extend it's probably short lifetime... it just doesn't matter, it's only data for an image, and only for a short while, obsolete in a few years, actually it was already obsolete... Don't use it!
ok, ill go with *GJIF*
thanks for the djift
I think as long as you understood what the other person meant, who cares.
Its kihf obviously
Its actually zeef
If it was pronounced like gif with the j sound it would likely spelled jif but it is spelled gif however english is weird so lets just pronounce it like jif not gif.
It's Jeff
In Russian to pronounce gif as "jif" you need to use 4 letters (джиф) when "gif" pronunciation takes only 3 (гиф). That's why Russians call it "gif" and during learning English we usually stuck to more common pronunciation. Maybe other languages have some similar cases for debatable words like this.
As a non-native speaker of English, I never even considered any other ways of pronouncing it than the way it is written, 'gif'.
Its gif not gif. Now everyone is right
It's gif because I don't want people to think I'm talking about a peanut butter brand if I say Jif.
I forgot how do I pronounce it while watching this video
I'm german now everyone knows how I pronounce gif
Its pronounced "Moving pictures"
My name is gif
It’s Pronounced GIF Like the G in garage. Debate Settled.
I didn't know there are people who pronounce it "tschif" but I am German, so I don't have to care about that stuff..
“Unless you’re very young, GIF is a word that you almost certainly read before you heard”   Or just be me, a non- native English speaker, finding out about the word from a video about the Gif/Jif debate when you could barely understand English lmao
1.21 GIGAWATTS?!?! Great Scott! (Great Tom Scott :D)
Its pronounced hyposycopsis
We should make the G silent and pronounce it as “if”. Nobody wins, that way.
me reading the title: "do you have any idea how little that narrows it down?"
Jif.
Y'all should follow the example of french. The G makes a different sound depending on the letter in front of it. Gauche (hard G)  Gigantesque (Soft G) The rule is always applied, so you don't get stuck with this dilemma.
plot twist, its actually pronounced yiff
I don't understand anything o-o Didn't know it was a word til now.
This gives me so much GANAS de estudiar linguística!!!!! GGGGGANAS (desire to) —— GGGGIF. (Guh)
G I F    It's G I F since it's an acronym Smh
The 1.5k dislikes are the jiffers
No it's gif not gif
How would anyone match GIF to anything else than GIFT? It’s literally identical up to one letter.  Genuine question.
It's pronounced yiff
I used to call it gif, then I changed to jif after learning about its “proper” pronunciation. I approve of this video.
If u asked Switzerland how to prounounce gif, they would say: "G-I-F"
I just say each letter G.I.F
G-I-F.
jif peanut butter
This is a title everyone can agree on
its g, i, f
I always read ot jif 🤷‍♂️
every day, we stray further from jod.
This is why Latin was a mistake.
For me, since I'm italian, it has always been Jif, cause in italian G plus I it's pronounced like that 😃
I didn't know there was a war between the word "GIF" and "JIF" because I have been calling it *G I F*
I just saw another video and Tom indeed said gif with a hard g
I just say G I F
Perhaps we should let the Philosophers solve this.
The GIF Paradox!!
I started out pronouncing it jif till some nerd in school laughed at me and told me it was gif. I want to change back to jif out of spite but I'm too used to it now
People who say Jif most likely to equate it like pronouncing Girrafe or Gin.  People who say Gif most likely to derive it from Graphic Interchange Format,.... or there are no soft Gs in their native language... like I do.
So I was listening to this video while doing some work in another tab... I got a huge jumpscare around 3:00 when his scene fell apart.
I pronounce it gi i f
who said  G I F  before?
*“My name is Jay”*  *Jay has left the closet*
Let's anger everyone and pronounce it as a Dutch word. 'Make- the-sound-before-you-spit'- if'
My mum used to work in one Gillingham. A delivery driver turned up one day and because of this, had turned up to the wrong one - a few hundred miles away.
Gif. The creator can suck eggs :) Now excuse me I'm going back to browse Joogle
gift?
Gif is pronounced gif and not gif, fight me
i dunno I think its "gif" not "gif"
no, i think it’s GIF and not GIF
/gif/
This title was very informative.
Oh come on, people! Its G-I-F. ;)
Jif is a peanut butter brand, and it feels weird to me to call gifs the same pronunciation as that so I use the g sound.
It's pronounced zhaif, fite me
*moving image intensifies*
Tbh it is actually pronounced as "gif"
what gif the g was silent
Much as we may hate debatable pronunciation, the alternatives are ridiculously long words or leaning thousands of different characters rather than 26
It’s pronounced jif you guys are weird
Guys, it’s pronounced “jee eye ef”
Ah of course! The answer is SUDDEN VIOLENCE!
jif is peanut butter
Colonel is pronounced Kernel even though that’s not how it’s spelled.
Jif
Nooo
Me: *pronounces it as g-i-f*
G if
The bottom line is: "Listen, Legoland. I don't live in the Kingdom of Jondor!"
I call it G I F, letter by letter. Ez  Is it jit or git?
Well I'm following the inventor's way then
gif(t)
And that mess is meant to be a "lingua franca" of the 21-st century.
I used to call it G.I.F
Do the people who say "JIF" also say "GIF" peanut butter?
Yes. Absolutely correct. Its GIF and not GIF
Why dont we say G. I. F it makes more sense
There are 3 ways to say GIF. GIF: The popular way JIF: The minority way YIFF: what the hell
I pronounce Gif with a hard G, as Jif (with a soft G) was such common household cleaning brand growing up, so my brain just assumed the two words had different pronunciation
In French we mostly pronounce it jif
it's a GIF
"The guy who made it said it's jif!!"  *I'm sorry, do u mean the guy or the juy*
N-no.. I refuse to believe this.
Jack and Gill went up a hill
The actual correct answer is, of course, the original pronunciation of the Old English word "gif," I.e. "yiff."
In germany in my perception 99.9% of the people say gif, not djif.
It's gif not jif like-
Sigh
me:"G I F"
I like to be flexible with language pronunciations generally, but with gif being an acronym for graphics interchange format, I feel it should share pronunciation with the g of graphics. There's no reason why it would vary from that root word.
Tomato, tomato.
let's just pronounce it yiff and call it a day
It is about the vowels and constants and how they play together so jif is the proper pronunciation
Gif!! A hard G like give.
In 2620, mankind resolved the whole stupid problem by renaming it to Graphics Interchange Pattern (GIP).  (Futurama joke in there somewhere.)
G I F
I'm french and british I say "jeef" in french but "gif" in english.
Wait a minute up to this point I didn't know that "LASER" is an abbreviation XD
It's actually pronounced "Scone".
Kinda looks like the British chandler bing.
Indonesian language as a phonetic "what kind of problem is that?"
Well that’s it then, I’m pronouncing it jpheg from now on
oh come on why do you have to blueball us so hard  it's gif not gif duhhh
I would use the hard G, but choosy mothers choose ...
What
how i pronounced it was G-I-F in othere words i said each letter seperatly
jif pronouncers going to hell after calling ''god'' ''jod''
gif (jeef)
I’m still going to pronounce it gif
xif
Graphics Interchange Format
Me who says it as G I F.  👀👀
I must be the only one who calls it "The Graphics Interchange Format is a bitmap image format that was developed by a team at the online services provider CompuServe led by American computer scientist Steve Wilhite on 15 June 1987. It has since come into widespread usage ..."
I used to think that gif sounded better but gif is correct but after seeing this video I think that gif not only sounds better but is correct
It's GIF
i pronounce it Yif
Why are you 2:14? Who says i'm 2:05?    You are 2:07.
It's pronounced guyf.
Very informative and instructional ..however, in my opinion, if the inventor says Jif...then Jif it is! Also, pronounciation is not a word...it is pronunciation! Same with so many people in the US saying Brushetta instead of "brusketta"...had a server correct me...haha...made me laugh!
It's G-I-F not Gi-I-F.
70% vs. 30%. It's not a landslide. Uhmmm mate? That kinda seems like a landslide there.
I instinctively say gif in English and jif in French...
Nah, it’s pronounced hif
personally i just say jee-eye-ef
French people, compared to English or other people, would tend to say “jif” because “gi” in French is pronounced “ji”. The other pronunciation would be written “gui”. It would be nice if the presence of a “u” between a “g” and an “i” would always determine the pronunciation
God could come down from heaven and say it's Jif and ppl would still be like: Ugh ok Jod
Solution is Turkish
no, it's pronounced dżjivf
The one thing I learned from this is that "laser" is an acronym... my whole life has been a lie
The word Graphics has a hard G. So gif has a hard G too...
pronounce it as "yif" and it's over
3:00 ‒ the correct answer is of course... 'uuuuuu that's it, folks, debate is ended, the correct pronounciation is 'u
the superior way of saying it is obviously ʒif
I'm surprised more people say gif than ʤif
In old English, G can have the sound of Y Therefore, it's pronounced Yiff
2:14
It's not GIF, it's not JIF, it's G I F. Those are initials for Graphic Interchange Format. So it's supposed to be properly pronounced  G,I,F.
Me: I pronounced G I F
is it Gib or Jib?
"there is no correct way of saying words, Words can't be dictated on you from upon high" *proceeds to logically analyze the pronunciation of gif in hope of being able to dictate from upon high*
I pronounce gif because it is seen like gift but without t
Big brain
its obviously pronounced "*The FitnessGram™ Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues. The 20 meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds. Line up at the start. The running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal*."
i think people missed the part where we spell gif gif and not jif. if it was spelled jif, then we would say if. but since it's spelt Gif, just please say GIF unless you wanna type jif.
Anyone who doesn’t think it’s pronounced GIF just leave. There is literally zero presidency for it being pronounced GIF.
It's pronounced gif
Kid pronouncers at the gates of heaven and calling god "jod"
like the name George tf
I really don't care. To me it's gonna be gif. And I pronounce Ibiza with a Z
I pronounced it like "gift" for years when I was younger until I realized there was no "t" in there
and of course, if you are Polish you pronounce laser as laser and not the lazer. at least gif is still gif. but dont ask how we pronounce jpeg. I dont tjing english has the sounds for it.
Jee Eye Eff
I'm German and pronounce it gif (the left one, the more common one)
I always say Gif, not Jif because of the word "gift"
It's "jif" for *.GIF, "nykee" for athletic shoes and pineapple in pizza is "fire". (as the "kids" say.). IDC at this point, I'm 59 years old and no ones gonna change my mind.
God damn english phonology and orthograohy roles are pathetic.
i got a grammarly add before the video
Content
i’m saying d3iaief
wait scuba and laser are acronyms??????
Me in my computer science class thinking is it pronounced tuhple or toople just for my book to say tuple can be pro pronounced either way...
Honestly I switch between the two most times because I don't pay enough attention.
It's hard-g gif because its graphics.
I love it how 80 percent of people are angry at each other and then there is 20 percent of chads who just troll it
Just call it Jee Aye Eff
I had no idea Laser was an acronym.
I don't know about you, but I certainly hear "Yanny."
If j already exists, then why g is pronunced both ways.
I say it as gee-ai-ef same as i do with any acronyms like ......my joke fell apart i can't think of anything funny that people don't know is an acronym.. apart from laser that's already mentioned in the video.  Hm. It's sorta funny how i used to say it. I'm a geek to the bone and, well. I used to say it .gif. Dot-gif. Since that's what i see it written as. Also with a G since in finnish the alternate sorta doesn't work. And actually piste-gif but dot-gif since whatever.
I pronounce it yiff because I hate god
Its pronounced Gif becauce the other way is stolen from j.
Ever since I was introduced to it I always read it as G-I-F lmao
I pronounce it as g then I then f   g   i   f
I have a solution: let's pronounce it as "yif"
tl;dw: English has pronunciation issues
It's pronounced GIF. ok that helps very much
/gif/
i say GIF .
Please don't make the English language harder than it needs to be.
It's pronounced "geef."
gif has a g so I say g and then it has if so gif but g is not j it's not jif
Choosy developers choose gif. Programmer logic dictates that tech terms are all puns, and if the pun doesn't make sense with your pronunciation, you're pronouncing it wrong.
Here's what I say (all at once) gif,jif whatever the ʞɔnɟ
Do you know how little that narrows it down
Hif. Pronounce it Hif. I don't, but I'm telling you to.
In a few words: People who pronounce gif as "jif" are as barbaric as the English language.
It's pronounced jif
I’ve never heard anyone pronounce it jif outside of this video I’m so confused how is this a debate
1:25 Spanish speaker: Thats were you are wrong it is in fact Laser not Laser
In french "gi" is always pronounced like "ji", but I always pronounced "gif" with a hard "g" nonetheless, like all the people I know do. That's kinda weird when you think of it. (Especially because most people I know probably read it more than they say or hear it, and discovered it in written form.)
It's a file extension, therefore it's pronounced "Gee-I-Eff". Nobody can convince me otherwise, including the guy who made it.
It was a bit easier for some of us, who are from other countries. In my country, we don't have anything like the letter "g" at all, so it was /gif/ right from the start.
It's pronounced G.I Joe
So, is it GIF or GIF?
Like most decisions, Psychology tells us that someone who had read it decided spontaneously to pronounce it as “gif” or “jif”, and then retroactively justified their decision. I decided “gif” was better, probably because it’s only a letter away from “gift” or “git.”
your language sucks
Je ay ef- gif
Who says jif also eats dead babies
95% of the world: gif loud minotirty that wats to be special : cries in jif
Why is there even an argument about this? People don’t get into arguments about the pronunciation of words like ‘glass’, even though people pronounce the ‘a’ differently.
No, no. It's definitely GIF.
My question is to the people to pronounce it “jif” is why does it matter? You don’t have to argue!
Ah thanks, now I know :|
Its pernounced G.I.F
So Jif is already a word. The peanut butter and a quick informal measurement of time. So if takes a J to .ake Jif my brain says the G must make a different sound ergo hard G gif. And yes I know what a homophone is.
I just say the whole phrase. Giraffic  interchange Format
Peanut butter "jiff" is pronounced  jif so gif has a difference
Anybody who pronounces it as G-I-F ?  Well, I think I'm the only one...
Me saying G.I.F: 👀
Average "JIF" fan vs Average GIF enjoyer
YES
Giraffe should be spelled with a j
We all know it's pronounced with the g sound from gnome.
When the amount jif is 68       I know what I must do
The creator gives out Christmas jifts.
me and the boys call it "yiff"
I just say “gajif” to piss both sides off equally
I always find myself in the debate about "Ginsters". A friend of mine insists that every other example of "gin..." is with a J sound, but I argue A: it's a proper noun. B: you can't really expect consistency in the English language. C: THE ADVERT SAYS IT WITH A HARD G
gif is easier to say than jif i think
is GUI pronounced Goo-Ey or gwee
its technically prounounced yiff but gif or jif sounds better
It's gif, actually
Incorrect it’s pronounced yiff
to me its djif
GIF has the best peanut butter.
most shocking things I learned today is how laser and scuba are acronyms
Jif
Well when i was lewrning french i say "jif" Then when i learned english i say it "GIF"
The issue with using "there's no wrong pronunciation" with GIF, is that it's technical lanugage. It refers to a very specific definition. When you pronounce it however you feel like, it degrades the value of the word in a way that regular language doesn't. .Gif and .Jif. If you prononce Gif with a soft J, there's no way to tell those two files apart, and they're both image formats used. If you ask someone who pronounced GIF with a J sound to "save the file as a jiff" then there's not definite right choice, and picking the wrong choice could render the whole thing nonfunctional. This doesn't matter a whole lot with an image file (at least I think), but imagine these kinds of mistakes between two surgeons in the operating theatre, or between two engineers in a power plant.  Technical language as a tool requires a far greater degree of specifcity than regular language, so there has to be an agreed "right or wrong"  pronunciation.
I don't care how it's supposed to be pronounced. Hard G gif sounds better.
Am I the only one who saw the video? He's making the argument that there is no proper way of saying GIF. People making jokes about Jod (God) and Jifts (Gifts) is kinda stupid when you think about all the gi words that has a j sound like Giant, Gem and Ginger. Or does it sound better to say kiant, kem and Kinger? Try to be more kentle next time alright
Hope that people pronouncing it "jif" enjoy their Christmas jifts.
i mean like does it really matter tho? unless im forgetting something, both "gif" and "jif" are unique right? like you cant confuse "jif"/"gif" for another word? 🤔🤔🤔 this is the opposite of their, they're and there because those mean different things right?
Half: GIF Other half: JIF Me: MOVING PICTURES
It's yanny
People who say G.I.F: 👁👄👁
no, it’s pronounced as jif but spelled as gif
It's pronounced both ways.
saw somewhere that someone actually tried to make the argument that it was pronounced... wait for it.. "yiff."
I've hurd it pronounced 'yiff'
It’s pronounced IF, everyone knows the g is silent
I'm just waiting for animated PNGs to become a thing.
I'm gonna pronounce it as "yiff" and you can't stop me
me: yiff
it's clearly /ʁaⱱ/
Spanish:  Hif
It's Jif
Nah I'm just polish and we always pronounce g like /g/
It's gif not gif
I'm French so I pronounce jif
What about Gee Eye Eff ( G I F )
I say gif, not gif
People who say jif going to hell because when they saw god they called him jod
No. Hes wrong. Gif not jif
I´ve always pronounced it like "JIF"
god could come down from heaven and tell me it's pronounced 'jif' and i would say "thanks for the input, jod"
I feel like people who pronounce it "jif" just want to be different. Even if it means being wrong.
I'll always pronounce it as gif (as in giraffe) even if the entire world pronounce it as gif (as in gift). 🙄😏
GIF ME DOPE! 😆
Hrmm... I disagree
I say jif
M'name Jiff.
i pronounce it as gif and my mom pronounces it as jif.   am i adopted?
"the jiffers won" lmao. Okay but let's be honest "jif" sounds like how furries want to pronounce it.   Now I may be one, but even I pronounce it "gif" because pronouncing it "jif" just doesn't sound right.
Why is this even a debate. So stupid.
I always pronounce it G.I.F (pronouncing each individual letter)
Gin, gib, gel. Only reason I pronounce it like a J.
You can look at other languages, too. Almost all germans say „gif“ not „jif“.
imo its ABCDEFGHI... not ABCDEFJHI
I pronounce it with a hard g because it's the word 'gift' but without the t.
its with a G sound, not a J sound. If you believe otherwise, you're wrong and you should be ashamed.
Yes it’s gif, not gif
It’s pronounced yiff
GIF rhymes with knife
This is when walter white became Heisenberg
imagine god comes down to earth and says "it's pronounced jod" and leaves
They said it would be fun to preserve spelling....
Just accept both pronounciations and wait for a century or two..
I personally pronounce it "Graphical Image Format"
0:23 are you kidding me
everybody gangsta until the creator of the gif can’t pronounce gif
It's pronounced like the old english word       It's pronounced yiff
I used to have a strong opinion about this, but seem to have forgotten what that was.
I'm just gonna call it G. I. F. to spite you all
In old English gif it’s pronounced   *yiff*
In the UK we say ‘I’ll be there in a jiffy”  So logically GIF would have to be a G not a J for people who use that
Me, an intellectual: gIf
Clearly it should be ʒif.
G has been stealing J's spotlight for way too long. G should stay G and let J have it's sound back. If you wanna pronounce it Jif, add a J. It's pronounced Gif.
quoting the guy who invented the gif format is like quoting the people who make uno when they claimed you cant put a +4 on top of another +4 and give the next player +8. they're entitled to their opinions, but those opinions are wrong.
The funy thing about the giraffe is that we pronounce it with a hard g like in gift here in Germany so I still say gif and not jif.
The good news is that the old english word for 'gif' is official The bad news it's pronounced 'yiff'
English language
i don’t care what people say...    ITS JIF NOT GIF
I wonder what would happen if jesus came back and said "its pronounced 'jod'" and left
Бидний бурхан босох болно. Цаг эхлэхэд, Оргил үедээ ганцаардал. Эцгүүдийн анхных, Хоёр талыг ажиглагчдыг бий болгодог. Олон талт хүчээр Чихэрлэг, исгэлэн аль аль нь.
TIL Scuba is an acronym
zhaif
I pronounce it as "giv" with a hard g
Or you could just be from a country that prounces words as they are, bruh if its a G its always a G in everyword
I always pronounced it G-I-F. I spell out the letters and never thought about the sound of the “G”. Just like I would say P-D-F. Only in recent years did I realise that people where pronouncing the acronym as a word.
i read it as jif because when I say can you send some gifs someone will hear it as gifts
I think that the creator of gif say that it’s pronounced jif and your arguments are a bit stupid but ok...
Drown all the jif pronouncers! It is the only way to end this madness!!
0:39 haha you said proNOUNciations instead of proNUNciations get rekt
Me who spells each letter individually like: jeee ayyy eff
Choosy moms choose .gif
JIFs 4 LIFE!
Plot Twist: everybody is wrong and it is actually pronounced “yiff”.
And all this time I’ve been pronouncing it “xnopyt”
I know you’re all busy arguing, but there IS a clear wrong answer here. The old english pronunciation of ‘gif’ uses a y sound. Y did I have to learn that.
Hif gang all the way!
I've just realised, is this not really a very modern example of dialects. Is there perhaps a even smaller minority somewhere with a more wild pronounciation of GIF? Why have we specifically chosen GIF as the hill to die on.*   *I say this knowing that of course, it is pronounced GIF, and those of you saying GIF are just wrong.
GIF = Graphics Interchange Format how the hell would that shorten down to JIF :')
I will face Jod and walk backwards into hell before I pronounce Gif as Jif
I call it G.I.F.
if the creator said it's "jif", I won't argue, I'll have adapt my speech to accommodate it. the only reason I even said it with the "g" sound was because I read somewhere it was right and I simply accepted it. but the creator not only said which is the intended pronunciation but also which is the wrong one, so who am I to insist? I'd hate if I created something and people would just try to change it for no good reason
Mfs getting sent to hell after meeting God and calling him Jod
I say it as Zhiff
Alright, "jif" isn't wrong, but simply the fact that you have to write it "jif" so people pronounce it the way you want it to be pronounced proves that it's inferior.
/GIF/.
It's GIF to rhyme with LIFE.
Brain, now comes with any human! It’s faster then even Ripgrep at fuzzy search !
It's pronounced IF because my G is in jail.
It’s G.I.F
It's actually pronounced Royal Navy
It's gif for sure. Only stupid people call gif gif.
I will call it gee eye eff til the day I die.
Al these people arguing whether it is gif or jif, but it's CLEARLY "Yiff"
70% of the time i pronounce it "gif", because i'm a lazy german 😏
YESSSSSSSSSSS
It is not gif or jif. It is graphics interchange format.
Gif is jif
"the correct answer, actually is... my co-author Gretchen McCulloch has a GREAT podcast called Lingthusiasm!"  thanks tom, i now know the correct answer to gif
Its pronounced "rif", end of the line.
How to solve this: anger everyone by switching between both randomly
im just used to speaking it GIF (not JIF) because in my native language thats how you read it.
gif me one reason to believe you.
You said GIF so many times that I forgot how I pronounce it
I mean wouldn't the "correct" pronunciation be G.I.F. since it's an acronym? We do the same with other things like JPG, PNG, and URL; and we do it outside of computer terminology like with the DOA, CIA, OMB, USA and so on... why wouldn't GIF be the same way (other than people just choose not to)?
Forget gif and gif. The true way to pronounce it is gif.
JIF.
GIF with a hard G sounds too much like gift, which is a noun used in similar sentences.  “I sent you a gift” sounds a lot like “I sent you a GIF” if you use a hard G.  Whereas GIF with a soft g sounds like it’s own thing.  It’s unique, so it can be attributed more easily to this meaning.  That’s why I use soft g.
I mean, JIF is a peanut butter brand. Might as well make English as little confusing as possible while we have the power.
Its pronounced GIF because of what it stands for (Graphics Interchange Format) Therefore the other way to pronounce it would be (Jraphics Interchange Format)
I pronouce it as GIF, not JIF, probably because Polish "g" is pronounced only like, well, g, and not j.
guys, it's pronounced yiff. because those are the only gifs i view.
ʰᵉˡᵖ ᵐᵉ ᵇᵉᵃᵗ ᵈʳᵉᵃᵐ
ʜᴇʟᴘ ᴍᴇ ʙᴇᴀᴛ ᴅʀᴇᴀᴍ
ɥǝld ɯǝ qǝɐʇ pɹǝɐɯ
English ✨
Its funny because in Spanish the hard G with an "i" is always accompanied with an "u" like GUIF. But I don't know anyone that would tell Guif, everyone, I've known in Spanish pronounce GIF GUIF. Did that make sense for you Tom?
I pronounce it "guif" because I'm a psycholinguist
I pronouce it with a hard 'G' because Jif is a brand of peanut butter.
2:00 I despise this sentence.
I think the guy who invented the word might have failed his kindergarten ABC test
My assumption was always that the soft 'G' comes from people who used to say the letters out loud: G-I-F. If you did this originally but then started saying it as a single word, you'd be more likely to use the soft 'G'. Otherwise, you'd probably use the hard 'G'.
I used the argument to defend it once: “it’s like jin! The card game and the alcohol”. My friends thought i was joking. I had only ever heard the word out loud, and assumed that, because J makes the J sound, the word started with a J
i just use both pronunciations to avoid the argument all together
it's pronounced the same as gillingham.
If you want to learn more about it look up yiff
I've always pronounced it /gi:f/, i: symbolizing the "ee". I had always known it should be pronounced geoffrey
Guys come on! It’s pronounced yiff
The preferred term is "short, muted, looped video".
Jif is already a word. Its okay if its happening naturally, but if you're creating a word out of thin air you better pick an original pronunciation
This is is why like spanish, i don't have to worry about pronuciations.
So is it pronounced vase or vase?
people saying 'jif' going to hell after calling god 'jod'
Gjif
i use the hard G cause that's what Poles use for the letter G.
Why is GIF hard?
i always pronounced it "gee-eye-eff" lmao
I spell each letter out "Jee I Eff."
Jiffy lube
Object (noun) or object (verb)
My grandparents say it like it's an acronym, so they say the letters
Why are you Jay?
guys, guys calm down.   it's gif
I really thought it was pronounced as G I F
'It's GIF, not GIF.'  'It's LeviOsa, not LeviosA.'
2:03 "a victory for the yiffers" noooOOO
If you feel the need to change the spelling in order to explain the pronunciation... you're pronouncing it wrong.
English towns are off limits.
Oh Jod, I thought this was over.
It’s gif not jif
Since when I laser an acronym?
Its JIFFF
its yiff
Am I the only one who says G-I-F because it’s in all caps?
God could open the heavens and say "It's Pronounced Jif" and I'd tell Jod to jet back to gacking off.
Everyone knows it's pronounced as GIF, not as GIF!
who cares?
When some serbian guy 200 years ago made a language thats so perfect that everyone pronounces every word the same
I think it is normal that the one who decided how it should be called, should also decide how it should be pronounced.
After reading all this I think I will switch to jpeg or png.
It's ridiculous to pronounce it as gif, it's definitely pronounced gif.
me pronouncing jee ai ef:
alright, imma start a small war in the comment section and say that "gib" is also disputed in the same way
i have a friend who always says G.I.F.
Wasn't it confirmed it's pronounced yiff
No it's Laurel
Tom didnt go to Gillingham for the video. That's unusual. What makes Tom Scott special is that all videos are filmed on site
Ugh, too hard, why can't it be like Russian, one letter=one sound _nervous laughing_ _accents unpredictable even for natives_ _cases of numerals hard even for natives_
The way you decide to pronounce this depends on one more factor that was not taken into account in this video: your native language. For example, in my native tongue, the group gi is always pronounced dʒi...
I dont really min how people pronounce it. Unless they say 'gife' ... thatalways annots me
Graphics Interchange Format just to settle this once and for all!
"The jiffers won" GODDAMMIT BRAIN
It's a hard G, I will fight to the death on this one.
It's pronounced "Gif" and NOT "Jif" and here's why: Gif = Gif (Literal word, pronunciation) Gif does not = Jif (Literal word vs pronunciation) The word "Gif" is closest to the word "Gift". We pronounce "Gift" as "Gif" with a t sound at the end. Gift. We don't say "Jift" nor do we spell it "Jift".  Here is the literal proof: G = Guh J = Juh Gif has G Guh-if Gif
the correct answer is: EA internet: *pay 500 to unlock answer*
Everyone but me is wrong. The "I" in English can be pronounced "ih" _or_ "aye", so really gif is pronounced "jhayef".  Or "ghayef". Either one.
"It's pronounced "jif" not gif." Thanks for the format but we'll take it from here.
Gift literally contains gif with only one more letter and is pronounced with a hard g
what about gee-eye-eff?
I use both pronunciations interchangeably
it should be pronounced "gee eye eff" a lot like how GUI should be pronounced like "gee you eye" instead of "gooey"
What if "God" should be pronounced "Jod"
I think it's pronounced dif
Why the heck "g" sounds like "j" instead of "g" ? If it sounds like "j" type it as "j". I don't care minor notes in my daily life.
If you wanted it to be pronounced 'jiff' then you should spell it accordingly. I only have two options: GEEF or SHIFF.
The only thing I've taken away from this video is that Laser and Scuba are acronyms
Tom  we all know its GIF
i say jif cuz i used to say jee eye eff
due to old english, gif is pronounced yiff.
It's GIF, Agreed
Gif is gif not jif. And btw in Poland we say "laser" ;)
i mean, i see it blue
I think I keep switching back and forth between the two subconsciously not really paying attention to which I say
The closest english word to gif is gift. Therefore it should have a hard g
In german its simple Gif with sharp "G"
You are all wrong. it is pronounced "yiff"
Tfw ur falling to hell atter calling God "Jod"
I pronounce gif as G-I-F
I both pronounce and spell it as "jif" bc that's how seriously I take this debate lmao. I mean to comment on the debate itself, not your video (great job on the video, btw!), but the purpose of language is to convey a thought or a message, so if your audience can interpret the thought or message you are putting forth: congratulations! You pronounced it correctly!
GIF
The correct answer: Jee Aye Eff
Interesting, in my country we all pronounce it the same way because we spell the letters out G-I-F and we pronounce it like ɡɪf and NOT like dʒɪf. To pronounce it like dʒɪf we would spell it out DŽIF or ĐIF
Hard G or you're wrong. Yes, even the creator
i pronounce it gif because if you pronounce it jif you sound like youre talking about peanut butter
It's pronounced kevin
Either is wrong! The Macmillan English dictionary  says, '[,dзi: ai 'ef]'. Unsubscribed!
"We here." "'We are here' or 'We're here.' Not 'We here.'" "You understood me, didn't you?" --Dragged Across Concrete (2019)
I went on holiday last week. Went scubba diving.
It's what you want it to be, and as I want it to be Gif with a hard G, that's now official. Debate ended
Although I applaud the ever-shrinking army of people who say Jif, I think they should put down their pitchforks and drink some "Guice"
Jake brought me here. hahahahaa
I call it G-I-F
if you have to write that gif is jif then you are actually showing that gif is correct
"Well its obviously pronounced 'jiffy'"
It is jif though. ‘Gif’ sounds like you’ve got something stuck in your throat
"JIF" pronouncers must be jailed! 😑
ima say giff still
see my issue is that .jif is a different file extension, which is ALSO for image files, but differently composed. Pronouncing so to avoid ambiguity it makes more sense to pronounce it with a hard G
The correct pronounciation is Gee-Ei-Eff
People who spell GIF "jif" going to hell after they call god "jod" be like
Why the heck is J d3 Ah yes my favorite word deif
gonna start a rumour that ppl only say JIF bc of propaganda by the peanut butter company
Tom, I do not care, I will say GIPHF
Laughs in dutch...   It's gif with a Dutch G
I just call them RAPs, short for Repeating Animated Picture
please, I'm trying to sleep, but this shows up in my recommends aaaaaaaaaaaaa
Apparently it's pronounced Yiff and I absolutely hate it.
ed
Well, according to my law, it's pronounced as,  'Johnathan'.
Wait so 70% of people are wrong???
I'm just gonna pronounce every single G word with a hard G, except from Gif which I will pronounce with a soft G. See how many people I piss off.
Why do I feel like I'm the only one that pronounces it as 'G', 'I', 'F'....
Can I get this video in GIF format?
It's clearly pronounced /jɪf/.
I will always stand by Jif
I wonder how many people jokingly say "it's pronounced yif"?
It’s GIF
I don't trust people who pronounced Z(Zed) as G.
"Laser is not pronounced laser"  Spanish people: it is
i think its pronounced gif, but it could also be pronounced gif,gif,gif,gif,gif, and gif.
I gotta agree with the creator of the word, soft g all the way.   The hard g just sounds ugly and stupid.  There would be two f's if the hard g was correct
It's pronouced 🅱️if.
In Brazil is even weirder, because "g"+"i" combination has always the sound similar of "j"+"i", no matter if it is at the beginning, middle or end of a word. BUT we probably thought that the English pronunciation would be gif with a hard g, as in "gift", so I've never heard anyone, in my whole life, pronouncing it "jif". I was introduced in this question by the internet, two years ago!
Reminds me of my Nikon camera. Is it KNEE-kon, NICK-on, or n-EYE-kon?
When I heard it was "jif" I simply switched how I said it. All this proves is that 70% of people are stubborn twats who don't like being wrong.
*GIF*
"Jraphics Interchange Format"- The inventor probably.
This sign won’t stop me cause I can’t read
0:25 To my country rule "How you said it is how you write it", I disagree with him.
yiff
1:26 it is in polish
Not amused. It’s pronounced GIF.
Everyone knows GIF is pronounced like ghif but gif is pronounced like jif
I only go with GIF because if someone says Jiff, I think of peanut butter.
Psycholinjistics
J-FEG
/gif/ ftw
Croatian uses phonetic alphabet so ALL of us use hard G.
Me who always pronounces it "G - I - F" : I don't have such weaknesses.
the 1.4k dislikes are people who are entitled to their own opinion
I always saw it as having a hard G because I’m a native danish speaker
After reading a comment I can't tell if this is the reason, but when I see "g" I think of a sound closer to "k" than "j." I learned mandarin and Cantonese along with a dialect of one, meaning I saw "g" (pinyin) as a g in graphic. So that might have lead my brain to lean more towards "gif" instead of "jif." Also, if it's we phonetically spell the pronunciations as "jif" and "gif," then doesn't "gif" make more sense?
I'm gonna explain "Gif" not "Jif."  Gift. T does nothing so remove that, GIF.
I pronounce it [GIF] in German and [dzif] in English, but I think I'll stop doing that, just to spite the creator
CLEARLY, it is pronounced as it was in the old english: 'yiff'.
It's pronounced "iv" the "g" is obviously silent and the "f" has the appropriate soft sound it gives in words like "of" Think about it,  if I asked you to send me a gif and pronounced it correctly, you would immediately understand what I want.  If I pronounced it phonetically (like a moron) you'd wonder what I was talking about.
i agree but i have the habit of saying jif instead
I'm saying graphics interchange format every time just to keep everybody happy.
2:30 nope my brain was like        *G*  *I*    *F*    .   that's it
I'm also confused about the name Gillian (as in Gillian Flynn, the author). My research couldn't find a conclusion. Any help?
G I F
My argument: It's GIF (with a hard "G") because GIF (with a soft "G") sounds the same as Jif (the peanut butter company), and it's easier to distinguish the two with a hard "G".
*You copied ThioJoe's video...*
I pronounce it as G, I, F
In Polish the word "laser" is actually pronounced " lʌser "
Has anyone seen my sandwich?
And I'm chilling here, still wondering whether Z is  zed or zee
I just say "G I F" every letter separate
And to make things even more confusing. GIF can now also mean "MP4" according to Twitter.
Your knocking on devils door, tom.
GIF NOT JIF
Fun fact, i'm french and when i speak in english i say gif but in french i say jif
I pronounce it GIF (the left one), but just because it`s the way we say it in german as well, so I never thought about saying it different.
This was a massive argument in my house when CEX (formerly Computer Exchange) launched their advertising campaign using the pronunciation SEX. We call it KEX.
So it's GIF. Okay.
In Italy we think that, according to the english we're used to, the correct pronounciation is with the hard "g", but still there are some people saying it the other way because of the italian pronounciation
I thought it was pronounced jaypeg.
All you IDIOTS who think it's pronounced GIF deserve to be executed. It's CLEARLY GIF.
this debate has always been hilarious for me cause (almost) my whole lived life (im a vampire now) i went about just... spelling each letter out cause it's an acronym. so when i discovered the debate i was... confused. and now i dont really know what side to pick xD or to just stick to my g-i-f lonesome side :(
Am I the only one who always read it as G. I. F.?
As a German, I find it easy, we always pronounce G as G, never as J - btw, we also don't have that English J sound, our J is like your Y - which is why we have no real use for Y except in loanwords.
It's definitely GIF. NOT GIF. GET YOUR GIF. RIGHT PEOPLE
Jif is close to the word jiffy so uh
no it is pronounced "gif"
As a german, i never thought there would be another way of pronouncing Gif
Fool. It’s pronounced shav
In the old English language, there was a word, gif, bad news..       *it was pronounced YIFF*
For me it's GIF (not JIF). Mostly because "g" is never pronounced as "j" in my native language, yet the extension is the same.
Meanwhile I know it's pronounce GIF  because it stands for Graphics Interchange Format
So, shall we then pronounce the peanut butter advertising slogan "koosy mothers koose gif"?
"GHIF vs DJIF" boring   "HHIF vs YIFF" exciting
I'm old enough to have been around when GIF was created. It has and always be pronounced JIF
i think that this has gone too far people made jod already
It's pronounced [Redacted]
Then why isn't it spelled jif then? To be fair there is a alot of bad english spelling to pronouncing
gif or jif depends on your accent
In Bulgarian you wouldn't have that problem, words and letters have strictly defined pronunciations.   For example for the GIF version you would use "Г" for "ГИФ" and for the JIF version you would use a two letter combination of "ДЖ" for "ДЖИФ". :P
Never heard someone called it Gif
Thought it was settled? Why? The creator has spoken. That's it. You're allowed to be wrong if you wish. Pronounce it how you like, you just don't get to dictate to the creator what the "correct" pronunciation should be.
So does this mean that, if enough people were to play along, we could potentially change the way we say someone's name?
I say "gift" and not "jift", so I say "gif". I think that's fair enough.
it's neither (g)if or (j)if, it's jee eye ef.
Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah! "Krockens" how it's pronounced in the original scandinavian.
Linux or Linux?
Alright now, why can't we all pronounce it as G-I-F the three letters altogether
Well GIF stands for Graphics Interchange Format so it's pronounced GIF with a g because the word graphics starts with a g
Jif (GIF)
This is why the letter J exists.
Scubas an acronym?? I had no idea
The title should've changed to: "It's pronounced "GIF" not "JIF."
This isn't about the total number of words which start with gi-, it's about the fact that gift is pronounced with a hard g and there are no English words that start with gif- that are pronounced with a soft g.  The word gift is the one and only closest point of evidence, and therefore determines the language rule which GIF should follow for an English speaker.  I respect the inventor's ability to program a delightful image format, but not his ability to pronounce things.
And that is why i spell it out as g-i-f so that i sit on the fence and watch the commoners fights
german accent: GIF with G AND not GCHIF
Joe!
And here comes the german: We don´t have words that start with a g and is pronunced dʒ. So in germany we say "ɡɪf" almost exclusively.
I do /d͡ʒ/ for the <g>, but anyone who implies that one is more correct over the other is an ass.
Did anyone else scroll by this really quick, see it, and think you just saw Tom throwing a gang sign? One of those "Wait, what?!?!", moments.
70%-30% is by definition a landslide
wtf i pronounce every letter G I F
It's not "Gif" It's not "Jif" It's "Yiff"
I say G-I-F  Problem solved
Why do people care about this specific word so much
wait... LASER IS AN ACRONYM
I usually pronounce it whatever way will take the least amount of effort at the given situation
I speak Dutch and i pronounce it in an other way than either one of these...
I pronounce it  G  I   F
And then there is "G I F"
İs it data or data (Dahta or Dehta)
when the word "gift" exists, i dont see why you would pronounce it the other way. especially as the word "jiffy" exists that has that same "alternate" pronunciation but is spelt with a j
I say yif
I always just spelled it out but not because of the arguments. I just treated it like the "FBI" for example
Imagine pronouncing it Guh I ff
Atleast it is placed in the correct place (Pronunciations)
it's not called a "hard G" - it's a "voiced velar plosive". and a "soft G"(  /j/ ) is a "voiced post-alveolar affricate". everyone stop this "hard/soft" amateurism! it's *voiced* not "hard" yeesh!
"Is it pronounced Gif or Jif?" it's the one where I didn't have to modify the word to get accross the pronunciation.
How you pronounce it often depends on your native language. Because G is always pronounced like in "gift" in German, it feels natural to me to say "Gif". A person from Italy, where G before I or E is pronounced like in "jam", might have the instinct to say "Jif".
Idk, I've pronounced it gif all my life.
There is no Right or Wrong way to pronounce it of course, I pronounce it like the g in gem because it feels nicer to say
But Tom, the issue is _truly_ has been settled... It is now pronounced "PNG".
after watching this i legitimately forgot how i pronounced gif
There is no correct way to pronounce it. maybe its pronounced Gife
This dude puts more effort into pronouncing gif than I do in my career
also, descriptivism is wrong, prescriptivism is correct. if every human in the world pronounces it wrong, they're still wrong. language is derived from the platonic forms that govern all things.
yif*
JRAPHICAL INTERCHANJE FORMAT
I pronounce it griff
SIMPLE: JIF
While people are welcome to pronounce it anyway they want, the creator of the word gets to decide what the _official_ pronunciation is, which is JIF. End of story.
I pronounce it Gif (G as pronounced in Graphic) or Dji Ai Ef. Both are correct. Djif is wrong imo.
Gif + t = gift
If it is pronounced Like the peanut butter then we should change the acronym. Because if you need a hard G sound might as well just use a J.
Since we are not talking about peanut butter, us the hard G.
europeans and russians+slavs say its gif with g and not J
In France a large portion of people pronouce it /ʒif/, because the letter "g" can either be pronouced /g/ or /ʒ/ but never /dʒ/ (apart maybe from some word that actually originate from other languages that I don't know about or never noticed ). I always get called out because I pronounce it /ʒif/, I just can't help it I don't know why, so I suppose it's about 70% vs 30% as well.
the correct one is the dutch one
GIF.
Weird, I pronounce it "geff"
This video is bait
Pronounce as it is written. If you want to pronounce it that way, write it as "zip" next time.
My linguistics major heart really liked this video
Its pronaunced Gi-fe
Shout out to the people who call it G. I. F. Separately
only idiots say gif its gif duh
Am I the only one who reads it like spelling it?  *G   I   F*
you're wrong
I've always read it as gif. I don't know why it's a debate
In sweden, wars could start over whether kex (biscuit) is pronounced kex or shex...
Always said jif lmao, saying gif just feels more uncomfy, doesn’t flow as easily/ its slightly harder to say imo, ill always say jif
I wanna call it "Yep"  Any problems? No? (Better not be) Good
JIF REPLY GIF LIKE!
I say it as funny quack text images
I mostly pronounce it like the gi in "Giraffe" but honestly I switch between the two fairly often
Of course it's GIF. It's always been GIF. But, interestingly, the creator of the format, Steve Wilhite, pronounces it "JIF".
hmm its old English derivative word is pronounced "yiff"... sorry... that's the way it is...
Its gif not gif
j u s t  s p e l l  i t  o u t
Jif in English, Gif in German and Russian.
It's just like Nike and Nikey. There is technically a correct way to pronounce it, like Nikey, but people just don't care. Like I've always Nike and "JIF".
Gif sounds like gift, so it’s pronounced jif so it won’t be confusing I guess?
"Turns out you invented a word you don't get to make the call on how it's pronounced."  Isn't that precisely the problem? It's not an invented word, it's an acronym. "Graphical" has a hard G, therefore GIF has a hard G. End of story
The problem with even remotely considering GIF with a soft G is that there is a legacy format for the JPEG standard - JIF. Which unlike GIF doesn't really have any alternative pronunciation.  Admittedly the term Graphics Interchange Format existed 5 years before JPEG Interchange Format, but clearly nobody cared in 1992, so do you think anybody outside of Steve Wilhite cares now?
I call it G-I-F
Zhaif for life!
Jraphics interchange format
Person 1: G.I.F. Person 2: J.I.F. Me: GIF IS GIF
DGIF
All English words that start with a G, are followed by a vowel, and then an F are pronounced with hard G's. Gaffe, gift, guffaw, ect and gif is no different.
It's pronounced "gif", and anyone who thinks it's pronounced "gif" is an idiot.
"gif" is the most popular pronunciation... In english speaking countries, howevere here in italy everyone says "jif" becaouse we're more familiar with that sound, and the english pronounciation would be written as "ghif" for us
Guys its "Gif" not "Gif"
Fun fact: Fish have jills
Well, I always read it as Jee Aii Eff before this video!
B L i M E Y.
Gillingham and Gillingham. Really, England ? Come on.
So I pronounce GIF like the peanut butter brand. Without having the luxury of observing myself from the outside, I think part of that pronunciation's prevalence in my brain is that I did grow up eating Jif peanut butter--but never calling it that; it was always just 'peanut butter' to me. Plus, pronouncing it like "gift" means that it's more likely to mishear GIF as one of those words, so maybe I chose the more distinct pronunciation in an attempt to facilitate communication? I can't know for sure. Anyway I just think they're neat! :)
This video helped me with my phonetic-assignment.
it's pronounced png.
YOUR ALL WRONG IT IS PRONOUNCED /G I F/ LETTERS
I say gif not “jif”
i think steve's powerpoint should be enough proof "gif" is more intuitive hahaha
what does gifts spell? what does gift spell what does gif spell Git over it.
It's jif
IT IS PRONOUNCED JIF NOT GIF
So I can pronounce all French words as I see fit as an Anglo?  Doesn't seem like cricket.... I'll defer to the originator of a word and not rely on my ignorance.  Gerry the Giraffe is happy now.
Is it geepeg?  No. So it's gif. If you have to spell it differently to pronounce it, you're wrong.
My native language having a phonemic orthography makes it reaaaallllly easy for me to chose if it's pronounced gif or gif
What if it's pronounced "Hif"
if GIFT is with a hard G, and GIF is 3/4 of GIFT, isn't GIF just GIFT without the T? or is GIFT pronounced Jift?
It's yif
Yoking
*Plot twist: its actually pronounced “Jeff”*
When you say Gem... do you say "Gehem"? NO. It's "Jem" with a soft G. Period.
Unlike many words which have vague origins, GIF is a name. If someone pronounces your name incorrectly, can they argue they are correct and you are wrong? Of course not. The original specification from compuserve specified how gif is pronounced, therefore that is the correct pronunciation. It has never been 'open for debate' because from its creation it had a specified pronunciation.   While you may be understood if you use the other pronunciation, it is still incorrect. There is no shame in mispronouncing a name because you do not know the correct pronunciation. But it is rude to continue to purposely mispronounce a name after you have been corrected.  There are two correct ways to pronounce the word 'data', but only one correct way to address the android named Data. Search on youtube for "One is my name. The other is not."
meh, its gif               as in gel
its not gif or jif its pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis
Its defenetly gif, gif is weird to say
Yep it's definitely gif
Why don't you do it like in my language? You assign a sound to a group a letters and stick with it. In my language GI is always read the same, no exception!
I speak English and French, in english i say "gif" and in french i say "jif"
It's pronounced how it's spelled: G-I-F.
Tom Scott is in the red corner.
Its GIF because it's not peanut butter
I pronounce gif like gin in English but like gift in my native language 😂
I think my name primed me, personally
i pronounce it g.i.f
Look at all these jrafficks I've saved on my kumpyooterr!
I pronounce it Jee-Eye-eff . Change my mind.
my "friends" absolutely despise each other now because they disagreed on how gif was pronounced... i don't care at all, personally i say gif but it's an acronym do we really need to fight over it?? is there REALLY a correct answer? well that's just a theory... A WORD THEORY
No it’s jif
I dont give a damn what the creator says it's gif
Maybe I’m pronouncing it with goblin g because that’s how gs are usually pronounced here in Germany
Tbh I use them interchangeably
I call it gee ai ef
It is really odd as a Finn to hear about how English pronunciation seams to be made up with little care about consistency. Sure our grammar is much more stupid, but with almost all words you can hear how it is spelled. And I say ''almost'' because we borrow some words from English.
Lebron is the Joat 🐐
I pronounce it to rhyme with knife.
It is gif not gif.
I love people in the comment section saying random stuff but replacing all the G's by J's
screw it im calling it “KIF”
It should be pronounced gif instead of gif
It's GIF
in romanian "gi" makes a single sound that is "ji" so i use the second in my language . so we say it jif
It's obvioulsy pronounced gift without the T at the end. You'd have to be really stubborn and stupid to refuse to see it.
So, how to pronounce it then ?
I don’t know if I’m the only one but this video makes me really happy!
How about renaming it into JIF?
Imagine thinking that it is pronounced gif
The ending. Oh you bastard! 🤣🤣🤣🤣👍
I'm sorry, but you're all wrong. It's pronounced "Yiph".
Meanwhile Me : *G I F*
i've always pronounced "jif"
It's pronounced "IF" because my G was arrested
its clearly pronounced gif you fool
Its Gif.  Like graphical. Not Jif. Like juraphical.
What's God's favourite chord?  G-sus         I'll stop commenting this now
it's gif
Today I learned how fun saying scuba is in the way it should now be pronounced (1:28)
You are taking a very Western viewpoint to linglingists. Speaking as someone who has studied psycholinguistics and cultural differences as part of my work.
.gif the killer
Wow, I feel like an idiot.  This whole time I've been pronouncing it Gif, when its actually pronounced Gif!
I actually pronounce it as "G-I-F"
Gjif
If we use the old english vers that actually existed, we pronounce it "Yiff".
GJif
is it just me or someone else pronounce gif as G-I-F?
I don't pronounce it wit the J sound.........JIF is actually a brand of peanut butter. I pronounce it with a G sound because GIF stands for "Graphic Interchange Format".
i always say "G I F". like i just say G, I and F one after another
🙂🚂🚂🚂
Jraphics Interchange Format. It makes perfect sense
Insert Hemione reference here )
Plot twist, as a native Spanish speaker I pronounce it /xif/
“Only” 70% of people pronounce it correctly.
Hmmm
obviously pronounced yif
I vote we make it an initialism 😜
The Almighty Lord Himself could come down from the Heavens, look me straight in the eye, and say "It's pronounced 'Jif'.", and I would respond "Okay, Jod." as I flipped Him the double bird and walked backwards into Hell.
I spell it out "G-I-F", just like PNG
When spelling a new word, you use the default letter sounds for the English language.  G = gu = Giff.  Using loan words like "Gem" as a basis for the sound of letter "G" is incorrect.
I leave this under every video I watched, it helps the algorithm...
I learned French before English so it was always “jif” for me
Isn't jif the old name for cif?
This is a stolen video almost word for word
Also didn’t know that Gillingham and it’s counterpart, Gillingham are two different places 🤦🏻‍♂️
Can honestly say I’ve never heard it with a J.
i like jif more
It's G-I-F cuz it's an acronym
Dgzeezvf
Hamburjer.
GIF is better
I pronounce it G-I-F.
Its jif
Somebody: *asks a simple question Me: 2:29  edit: add your memes below
Me who was pronouncing it "gee-ayy-eff":
Title: exists* Me: Do you even have the slightest idea on how much that narrows it down?
I praise jod
IT'S JIF LIKE PEANUT BUTTER PEANUT BUTTER = JIF
You're all crazy. It's pronounced "laurel."
I read it as G-I-F all along.
GIFT
I use the hard G because it is slightly easier to pronounce.
So 30% of all people are wrong?
Remember when the cleaning product “cif” (ironically pronounced “siff”) was called “gif”? It was pronounced “jif”. Hence, regardless of its meaning it will always be “jif” to me. If we’re looking at file formats, I’ve always said “P. N. G.” for “png”, yet I’ve heard “ping” more than a few times
That's just because you focused on English speakers. But why should you? GIF is not just English, it's used all over the world. And I'm sure the rest of the world pronounces it "Jif". So "Gif" is wrong. Period.
where them peeps that pronounce it by saying the letters instead
As I am Russian, we have one and only way to pronounce it - "гиф"
Gif like gift, it’s just that instinctively simple as there’s no other interference
Gif like jif is obviously so unintuitive and an obvious construct, you can’t be mad at people who instinctively pronounce it with a hard g like gift
Minority here. Who's here w me?
Wow
More people use "it's" as a possessive. Does that mean we have to evolve to accept that this is the right usage?
I say geef because i am special
calm down tom lets not get political
I've always pronounced it with a soft g, except for the times when I haven't.
The correct pronounciation ist of course gif.
This is a problem because of English. In Spanish or a language with a normal writing system this would be very simple, you pronounce it as you write it, the end.
I'm russian, it's "гиф" for us =)
Why on earth would gif be said jif? Oh wait, knowing the English language, it's probably pronounced with a J.
If the format creator pronounce it 'jif' then that's it.  They pronounced it "Tucson", because that's how the native called it.
2:02 , WHY 68? MAKE IT SIMPLY NICE
Who cares? I've pronounced it 'Jif ' since before most of you were born.
In Spain it's pronounced /χif/
Everyone else: * pronounces either gif or dzif *  Me: G.I.F (I pronounce like initials, ji aai eff)
GIF
I used to pronounced it G.I.F.
Anyone just give up when trying to read the title? No? Just me?  Ok...
So how do we differentiate Gif from Yiff?
'The correct way to say GIF is to spell it out, losers
imagine deliberately and consciously mispronouncing your own word.
ok, he’s an intp
I pronounced jif
i uniquely pronounce the word letter by letter. "G.I.F"
Personally .png works best.
I just go with whatever pisses people off
The tiresome year especially rush because element spectroscopically slip except a oceanic lycra. solid, obsolete aunt
“GEE AYE EFF”
therefore i pronounce it "gjif" -- its "gif" AND "jif" at the same time, pleasing both factions xD
What about "jpeg"? I pronounce it "jay-peg."
Actually it's jife. Like J and a five. That is the best to say it. Prove me wrong.
I know it's pronounced Laurel, so how is it Yanny.
JIF
it is pronounced movinG PICtore
no thank you please
Galaxy brain is deciding GIF is pronounced with a hard G, and the also pronouncing the name of the town of Gif-sur-Yvette (France) with a hard G (people normally prnounce it \ʒif\).
Okay, why not just say .....JEEE-I-EF G-I-F
Gift is similar to Gif end of story
I swear I thought I was one of the few nerds who actually searched to know the correct pronunciation of GIF. So happy to see a whole buncha nerds here searching about the same thing 😂😂
its literally pronounced "djif"
I've always said jif
it isn’t gif it’s gif like why would it be gif that’s stupid it’s gif
A month ago
Everyone always corrects me when I pronounce it as Gif 😭
Good to know this will be in our recommended 6 years from now
Just let people say whatever they feel comfortable with
Jee aii eff
I love episodes about pronounciation
Simple really, just use your native Finnish language and pronounce it "gif". That's what I do!
well I pronounce it as G. I. F.
It should be JIF,  just because there would be 69 "JIF" words.
actually it is easier than this, it’s pronounced YIFF.
giraffe- gif. No one's calling it a hard G-iraffe.
It's pronounced ʒaif
Naturally, there is "djif" Jiff peanut butter. You'd assume g ≠ j
GIF is a bad name because I can be easily confused with 1 in print media. Could be worse. JPEG is a variety of Japanese porn.
In Spain we pronounce it like "gif", otherwise it would be written as "llif" (double L) (spanish has a high phoneme-grapheme correspondence)
How is this not clickbait?
I say gee eye effe
I think this is one of the many things where people correct people but it just doesn’t matter. Yes all sane people use GIF but we understand they mados with there GIF. And if we understand one another it doesn’t matter how we say it
*creates petition for it to be pronounced JPHEG, Lahser, and scuhba*  There, now they're all wrong, no double standards, Gif has won,  down with jif.
Graphic Image Formatted Graphic, not Jraphic GIF
thank you
i dont say jif, i say gif
So if "Gif" is pronounced with a "J" sound, does that mean Doc. Brown was right to pronounce Gigawatt with a "J" sound?
We say P-N-G and not Ping We could say G-I-F? Seems like a long shot.  I started out saying gif, got pressured into saying gif, but maybe I'll just go back to gif. :D
Not quite enough use of the word "git" in this.
How is the letter "G" pronounced? Exactly.
I live very close to Gillingham in the UK. Or should I say Gillingham?
Gif sounds stupid to me. But then when the format was created everyone called it Jif so that is what I got used to.  Language is fascinating and stupid at the same time.  I put pronouncing it Gif in the same boat as someone saying "I aint gotta".  Common.  Stupid.  But you can't fight the march of language.  In this case (as in all language cases) the masses will win.  Until some new format comes up and .gif is no more.
I prefer gif over "jif" because thats what it sounds in Polish :)  also 1:26 - thats how you say "Laser" (same thing) in Polish (tho the S is much shorter, and R stronger/harder)
wow I thought scuba is a word not a shorted phrase
Honestly, it should be hard G. We have a word in common use that's only *ONE LETTER OFF* "Gift" and we don't pronounce it like "jift" now do we?
If gif is not pronounced gif, then why is it SPELLED gif.  If it was dzif, it should be SPELLED dzif. Since its spelled with a G, we know what sound to make. A ...  g-sound.
You see, English? You see what happens when you try to have more phonemes that your alphabet can support?
Jiff is a peanut butter.  The end.
Its pronounced lift.
I pronounce it žif
According to the official W3C spec, PNG is pronounced "ping". Just adding fuel to the fire
JIF
When im speaking in poliish i'm saying GIF but when i speaking in English im saying JIF
The actual answer is "GIF" because "JIF" is a copyrighted name.
Jif is easier to understand. Gif is easy to mistake for gift.
2:22 Tom made a slip. /gif/
Title: its pronounced GIF Me: thank you Tom, thats really helpful.
Jretchen's book looks interesting for sure!
Me, an intellect: *says both*
however the creator of a file format pronounces it is the correct way, period.  Even if that means most people are pronouncing it wrong.
GIF: Like JIF: Comment
Wait, so people who call GIF with a "J", what would they call "JIF"?
NO NOT JIF BECAUSE A GIF IS A GIFT WHILE TEXTING AND GIF SHALL BE PRONOUNCED LIKE GIFT WITHOUT A T
How do you pronounce gift? Now how do you pronounce gif?
I think everyone's native language's pronunciation of "G" is very important too!  the letter G in english is pronounced like: "gene" (dʒiːn) but in german, it is pronounced like the G in: "ɡood" (ɡʊd) ... with an added e as in: "eh" (eɪ) at the end.  That's why Gif is probably more common in germany and countries with the same pronunciation.. while Jif is more common in Great Britain and other english speaking countries.. as well as other countries with this pronunciation
me who spells it: ji,ay,ef
Jif is peanut butter! I will never surrender!
I seriously never met anyone in person pronounce it gif. I've only heard jif
I know nobody cares, but personally, I pronounce the term by the letters so I say "G.I.F" instead of "JIF" or "GIF" (hard G) just so I don't get ridiculed.
Next up: It's pronounced realtor.
It's pronounced JIF
HUHHHHH
I pronounce it GIF as in 'gist' because thats how romanian treats the letter couple 'gi'.
In the Netherlands we pronounce it as GGGGGGGGGGif.
English kinda sux with respect to pronouncing things
Am i the only one calling it per letter G.I.F.
i follow the inventor
Now stine or stein
i say g i f
I've reached the point where I don't even care about linguistics and pronounce it with a soft g out of spite to piss off hard g-ers.  Not sorry.
I am brazillian, so I used to pronounce it jif, since it's the only way to pronounce g and i together in portuguese (the correspondent pronunciation being guif) but once I became bilingual, I started pronouncing it as gif (or guif) why is that?
/ɡd͡ʒɪf/
English is a funny language
No it's pronounced GIF
gay.
"There must be no correct way to speak handed down on high"  *Laughs in royal spanish academy*
And for the Scots theres a lossy format: j-aye peg
I mean it's written GIF so you pronounce it as GIF
I read it as g-i-f from the very beginning.
gif-t.  There you go. GIF wins. Not JIF
i find it very awkward saying "gif" or "jif" so i say g-i-f even though it's still awkward. that word just doesn't sit right with me lmao
I always pronounce it "jif," like the peanut butter brand, I feel it's just more natural.
I'm out here saying "Gee Eye Eff"
Well, gift is a hard G, so seeing as it's just 1 letter difference, I pronounce it Gif, not Jif. Jiffy is already a word and it's spelled with a J, so if you want to pronounce it with a J then it should be spelled with a J. Gibs in terms of exploded body parts is also a hard G because Jibs sounds too puss for Quake Arena.
Most people in my country pronounce it 'Jif'. That's 1.3 billion of them. Just saying.
I read it as G I F........
So it's fine for me to say Gee-Eigh-Eff right?
It is pronounced Kift
Me who pronounces it "G.I.F":  *Ok* 👁️   👄   👁️
the correct one is *if
GIF IS RIGHT
I didn't know it was commonly pronounced "gif".. I used to say "gif"
"GIF is pronounced GIF" Ah yes, the floor here is made of floor
You know what l write Gif but i say Jif boom problem sovled
the way ive always called it gee-ai-ef 😥😥😥
It was pronounced 01000111 01001001 01000110
Jif gang jif gang
wow d3if
Deaf people: hm.. interesting.
No problem here in Italy, we say gif like gist, the hard “gi” is only when g is followed by “h”, the other pronunciation sound to us like “ghif”.
Its gif not jif
Bruh no it’s gif
i have always thought jif was weird. gif, gift, you dont say jift?
K
So, I'm the only one who pronounce GIF "G-I-F"?
I pronounce GIF letter by letter.
I just pronounce it as 'G-I-F' ;-;
Really interesting. Thanks.
How about all the lame people say ggggiff and the cool cats say jifff. It's a more funner word end of story. Funner? Funniest? Mostest? Mostest funner and more betterer. It's called a Gif. You say jjjjjifff you numbskull
I guess the creator of gif is wrong
Every day we stay further away from Jod
It's gif, not gif.
How bout’ yiff
Gif not jif.
Idiots, its pronounced i̼̼̟͎͉̳̞̻̾̂̾̀l̐̈̔͐͏̭̺i̳͕̘̝̯̪ͮ̃͠k̡͉̼̉ḙ͎̗͈̮͔̓̾͘y̠̮̠̮̮̠̮̦̆͢a̾͒͂͏͇̣c̰͎̬͕̳͒̃̀ũ̹̤̘͈̖͖̘͞t̹̦̘̪̩̟̰̬͋ͤ̾ͣ͝g͑͌ͥ҉̮̝̼
am i the only one who pronounce it G-I-F
As someone who speaks a Canadian dialect of English, I have noticed that IPA spellings of words seem to be highly inconsistent with how I pronounce them. For example, I never actually  say ə, it’s always ʌ, and for the longest time, I had no idea what the difference was between them.
It's nor jraphics, it's graphics
It's G-I-F Because it is an abbreviation for Graphics Interchange Format
Jif: Daniel Gif: the cooler daniel
Yes it’s GIF indeed
No it's not gif it's gif.
I always pronounced gee-ai-eff bc it was written all in capital letters so i could tell it was an acronym
I pronounce it "gee eye eff" because that's how I read acronyms if I haven't heard them out loud.  (also therefore I would be on the j side, right? because "gee"? but actually I side with "ghif" because it's distinctly a g sound and can't be confused with a j)
At this point I don’t even know how I originally pronounced it...
I searched “Is it GIF or GIF?”
Actually it’s pronounced yiff
70% says gif and 30% says dzif... Me: who says G,   I,   F I'm not even existed im 0% 😂
i always say jif
IT'S PRONOUNCED SHER-BET NOT SHERBERT
Wait till you hear how the Dutch pronounce it :P
Okay thanks dude.
I say g-i-f and everyone says it’s weird
DIF
let's sing the alphabet  a b c d e f g o h
Gary and Gerald fighting for dominance once again
[G]IF, because in my native language "g" has only one pronunciation
Captain obvious is here
if you guy's want 'A Silent Voice' (amv) with lofi beat's (jaden's MIND remix), if yes, then go ahead at "    @siFM
I pronounce it as "Jif" even back then…
30% of people are wrong.
it was never an issue to me, there's a "g", so it's a /g/ (or "hard g") -- although me being Hungarian might be a factor in this
Me who reads it “G-I-F” 👁👄👁
it's actually pronounced "yiff" because GIF (or graphics interchange format) is an old english word
I thought whenever it's a ge, gi, or gy, it's pronounced je, ji, jy.
It's pronounced Jif not Gif. Then Gif is pronounced as Gif!
Why the hell am I enjoying this,Tom, you sly minx?
We who actually pronounce it by G   I    F
I SAY GEE AY EF
If the guy who invented it says it's pronounced jif, then it's jif IMO.
The title pisses me off
Gif can’t be pronounced  ‘Jif’ as that’s actually pronounced ‘Cif’, apparently.
The correct answer is that one person made up a word "gif" pronounced "jif" and then other people made up a word "gif" pronounced "gif" to describe the same thing. Very few things in the world only have one word or one pronunciation to describe them.
who tf cares how they're pronounced, as long as people understand what we said it's all good, that's the main reason of communication
I just realized that laser is an acronym
Why can't we just say dgi ai ef
I pronounce it as  *G . I . F*
gif
Who tf pronounces GIF, gif? I am from India and all of my friends pronounce jif
It's pronounced yiff
Jif.
Me : "zhaif"
Before I knew it was jif I pronounce it as G I F
Disgusting, it’s obviously  iaeéñÿñêvæšęeêńtœpręęty
I think its pronounced "Gif" because it's not peanut butter.
giraffics interchange format
We flew a kite in a public place
I'm hungarian. If I see g I spell g.
me who pronounces it jee eye eff
I personally think jif
Salute to the people who pronounce it by letter G.I.F
more than likely it will be cif soon
It's jif idc what you say
"It's pronounced like this other word, not 'GIF'" funny...
Me who pronounces gif G-I-F: o.o
Me who pronounced it as the name of the letters (G-I-F): 👁👄👁
But it's an acronym, why would it matter?
I say it as jee ai ef
I,,, uh,,, pronounce it G-I-F like the letters
It’s pronounced gef
so am i the only one who has been pronouncing GIF *letter by letter?*
I read the title pronouncing it the way I do (of course) and thought "atta boy".
It should be pronounced as G-I-F. (jee-ayee-ef)
It’s pronounced like the g in gigantic, gorgeous, and gorge!
i hear people call sandwiches 'samwiches' all the time and nobody's complaining there. I personally think that JIF sounds better, but y'all can say it how you want. Also, accents exist so it might sound even funkier when others say it.
No, it's da vinki
Am I the only person who calls it G  I    F?? All of my friends call me out for it but it makes sense
Its Gif
It’s GIF
I'm just going to pretend that I understood that.
I say G I F.
Umm who even says GIF or the second version I literally pronounce G-I-F- I mean who doesn't smh🤷 Ps: no hate 😀😀
2:10  What about if you EXCLUDE words that start with "gi"?
I don't have GIF, but I is silent
Choosy moms choose gif
Other languages: Just pick one!  English language: No, I don’t think I will.
I thought it was GiF but you told me that it's GIF   THANK you so much 🙏
I definitely think 'g' is more appropriate, as you don't inherently assign the 'g' with the same sound as a 'j'
I say Zee Aai Aff
guys, i have a solution to this problem, call it looped short video     jk, jgif, but now do we call it jgif or gjif?
I pronounce it with a j, like jif because gif with the soft g just sounds like someone with a speech impediment attempting to say "gift".  Like I know someone who says "gif" when they refer to "gift", so for that reasoning alone, I pronounce it like jif.
No its gif not gif
I just say G-I-F alphabet by alphabet since the very beginning 🤷‍♂️
I pronounce it G. I. F.  Like a boss
If gif sounded like gift it could be hard to differentiate the two, put if it sounded like jif I would always think about the peanut butter.
I associate JIF with peanut butter, and GIF with gifts.
I pronounce it Gee I eff
I pronounce it gjif
no its gif
I thought it was pronounced YIF bcz I heard that somewhere. They said it was French
If you have to spell it differently to prove your point, you already lost
I say gif
70% - GIF (hard G) 28.999% - JIF 0.01% - G-I-F 0.01% - g r a p h i c i n t e r c h a n g e f o r m a t    we don't speak of the people who call it yif.
And I tought it was GIF...instead of GIF
its not gif or jif, its gife.
Scuba is an acronym 💀
Quite simple. The inventor says it's pronounced a certain way, *therefore* it is. Are you going to argue with a parent about the pronunciation of their child's name? A pet owner about the pronunciation of their pet's name?
Its gif not gif smh 🤦‍♂️
i thought everyone pronounce it as "jif" wtf
Love the end result
"it's pronounced-" NOO THE SACRED TEXTS
My friend's name is Gil (pronounced Hil)  Petition to make the pronunciation "Hif"
Oh
Am I the only one who pronounce it as individual letters? Like "G" "I" "F"
I literally pronounced it "G-I-F" throughout my whole damn life (Ooh wait, I'm just 17 😁)
I like jif more
says its pronounced jif, not gif. looks at name *gif*. excuse me but why did you name this so horribly
I'm going to stick to throwing people off by calling it animated images, image sequence, or the old favorite 'moving picture'.
So technically it’s both, but it isn’t really?
Others: jif Legends: gif  Me: Ji-ay-ef (G.I.F.) 😐
I'm Slovak. We pronounce "g" as a hard g, and the "j" sound is "dž". So it's /gif/ for me.
J-if! Mate, this is not over.
g i f
Its pronounced yif
1 or l ?
/petition to call it "fig backwards"
So I was right!
it's G I F like g-eye-eff
Your jif is actually gif, and ur gif is just a varriaton
Wtf it is jif the creator said it was jif
It's gif.
Get him outta here it gif
It’s neither. It’s garret
I say we compromise and all just say, "Yiff"
title: It’s pronounced Gif  me: what
Y'know what, Imma just call it a G-I-F
Guys it’s obvi iaintneverseen2prettybestgifs 🙄
It’s Jif if the creator says it’s Jif
It's jif not gif
Aitch not haitch
Its 100% Gif like how Hard is it
Wait it’s not pronouncing like G - I - f ? My life was  a lie .
"Heef"
Can we just say G  I   F
When I learned its officially "jiff" I was a bit miffed, but now the whiff of "gif" puts me in a tiff
Wtf it's pronounced: kiffi
I don’t need to know how it’s pronounced if I don’t use it.    *Modern problems require modern solutions*
Ugh it.... gif is pronounced gif and gif is pronounced gif
The heck 🤨
am i the only one who says G-I-F but the g is j yk?
It's a GIF and not peanut butter. Popular brand of Peanut Butter in the states named Jiff so most folks went with the hard G in GIF.
tomato tomato
Guys why does anybody not know it’s GIF
i always find english weird, different spelling different pronunciation
Only legends call it Graphics Interchange Format.
I just call it G. I. F. is that a bad thing?
That part about Psycholinguistics is strange because I always new it as Gif ( not Jif ) and my mum's name is Gillian ( Pronounced Jillian ).
I pronounce it as jee I eff
stupid it’s pronounced gif
The only thing I learnt from this video is that scuba is an acronym.
Everyone: it's GIF not JIF  Me: jeez it is G.I.F
so i’m from poland and we never pronounce “g” as “j” so we say “gif” as “ɡɪf” :)
1962: They will be arguing over the spelling of gif in 2020 2020: Flying Cars
right. Jiraphics Interchange Format it is
I actually pronounce it as G I F lmao
гиф)
But I spell gif than pronouncing it...
it's Jif
I say G I F , Alphabetically
I pronounce it as G-I-F. Gif and Jif just doesn't sound right.
its gyf
I think it is gif and I say it but not jif
I know it says Gif but I still say Jif cuz it sounds like da peanut butter Jif
I know it says Gif but I still say Jif cuz it sounds like da peanut butter Jif
No it's jif. GI go home
It’s pronounced “I” because my GF is nonexistent.  Stolen from Rakibs.
I always think this: if GIF is pronounced as jif then why do you have to change the g into a j to make people read it like that?
no its geofe
Me: Jife
"Jif" is peanut butter
Just say ji ai ef
It's Gift with out the freaking T, so Gif.
As a German, it's GIF for me
i swear only people say jif not gif
AAAAAAARGH ! ! ! YOU'RE HURTING MY BRAIN ! ! !  But, if someone creates a word, that is how it should be pronounced... End of story.
The likes on this video make me have faith in humanity
It's Gyf
Jif
Irs obviously pronounced "G-I-F"
Am I the only one who pronounces it jee-eye-eff
Why do I say.. G.I.F?
the g in gif means graphic sooooo
jif
JIF is peanut butter, so that was always my reasoning for using the hard G.
I prefer "Jif" even though im american.
its neither its G I F
Wrong , it's called G I F not gif or jif
Gif 🥜 What a nutty topic 🥜 has anyone asked the Jiffy peanut butter gallery? 🤭  🕊 PEACE 💜 BLESSINGS 👼
...        Its pronounced "yiff"   Look it up in the dictionary       Im a furry I accept it
Its pronounced gif not gif
its pronounced yiff
no its pronounced gif not gif
its g i f
*me who pronounced it 'gee eye eff' my whole life*
Jesus this is complicated, let's all just agree on "gif".
Me who says G.I.F:
I always pronounce it G  I  F
I pronounce it as G.I.F as letters
I say G I F
This vid:talking bout jif and gif  ME WHO SAY IT G - I - F: welp, ok
It's not a J, it's a G. The inventor isn't God.
Gif: citizen  Jif: intellectual  G. I. F.: nerd Graphics Interchange Format: *C H A D*
I hate people who pronounce gif as 'gif', it's obviously gif.
jif.
i think im the only one that is sayingt "G. I. F"
Duh it's pronounced GIF everybody know that
Jif
Yes.
Everyone : Gif Or Jif Me: G . I . F
G-I-F ୧( "̮ )୨
its a short video
I just say “GIF” not “GiF”
i have been saying jiff wtf
I call it "GIF JIF"
Nonono! It's _GIF,_ not _GIF!_ Get it right ppl smh
Still going to pronounce it Gif instead of Gif, but you can do whatever.
Wait but is it pronounced gif or gif?
Guys, I kinda think it’s pronounced gif.
I say jif but sometimes i say gee eye eff
I prefer the "gif" over the "jif" pronunciation because it cannot be misinterpreted as a j.
It's pronounced like the "g" in garage.
It’s tomato not tomato
Excuse me it's pronounced тдщвьжзыоткзьч
Gizz
It’s Gee Eye Eff because it is an acronym, and you don’t say it as a word, you say each letter separately
I hope someone sends that dude a nice Christmas Jift.
I just pronounce it jee-eye-if ;-;
it's jif
No its gijif
Not gonna lie, how I pronounce the word is like:  ▁▂▃▄▅▆▇▉█▉▇▆▅▄▃▂▁
JIF This gives me flashbacks of skeppy
Gif 😂✋✨
It’s pronounced JIF. Juh-ih-fuh.
JIF
Gif
I am going to continue to say gif
How is no one shocked by the fact, that laser is a frickin acronym??
I agree, it's Jeff.
Do I look like I know what a jpeg is?
Its G I F
Its an acronym.  G I F. JEE I EFF
Reply and tell me if ur gif or jif
It's jif in 99% of Italy
I just say G-I-F so...
English spelling is horrible thanku next😘
language is local, and pronunciation is even more local.  I find it amusing to hear news persons pronouncing the W.H.O (World Health Orgranisation ) at the "huu"
It is pronounced YIFF
I always just called it G I F. Like how you say FBI? I just said the three letters apart from each other. Boom, GIF.
It's clearly pronounced gif
*yif*
Can we all just settle on saying jif but writing gif?
I was pronounced it as G.I.F
It's pronounced GIF  Why you hurt me this way
Nah I think it's actually gif.
I pronounce it as G.I.F so no one will start an argument
hard g
I don't care what anyone says, it's always jif to me!
Just piss everyone off and pronounce it like "glee". Giif.
I've always thought it's pronounced gif in my native language and then dʒif in English. I didn't even know there is another possibility...
Me who pronounce G-I-F: 🤔🤔
Yup, it’s obviously gif, Ngl I used to think it was gif but it is in fact gif, gif    *yes*
Bro I’ve been saying jif which is the correct way
Am I the only one who reads gif as G.I.F.? Akin to how we read JPG as three separate alphabets.
I always say Yif to mess with people, idk ehrr I heard that but I also like a soft g since as a low brass musician I use softer vowles like gah a lot.
I've always said "G.I.F." like the bfg or GER or something. Something about jif and gif feels wrong to me.
I want a fig
People who pronounce it as gee eye ef: 🤯
I swear I remember watching this video months and months ago but it only came out 4 weeks ago and now I'm very confused
How about Uranus  A. Your Anus B. Your-anus C. Yurenus D. (Drop it down below)
Just pronounce whichever, who cares.
Bro what are y’all talking about it’s “fig”
What about GEE-f?
I speed it out and say G-I-F
Yiff
Easy. The "G" stands for "Graphical". That's a hard G, so it's gif.
so then gif can now be pronounced as d3if d3if
It’s obviously gif
I alwasy thought that there is something wrong with people that use the hard G
It’s pronounced G.I.F.... use letters, you don’t call a PNG a “Pung”
I am a 'GIF' guy myself.
Me who says it G.I.F: sweats
i’m not sure i think it’s pronounced: jeffrey epstein didn’t kill himself
Oh, I just say G - I - F
Funny enough is, that I pronounced it GIF in the past, but JIF nowadays. Don't know why, but it's kinda strange
I’m sorry I don’t speak wrong
this guy is my night paralysis demon, I need to stop watching his deep videos
Bruh, I’ve been saying each individual letter.
I always said JIF because while learning English I understood that’s what it’s supposed to be because of the vowels, but I guess you can never be sure with English.
"jrafic"
Title explains it all.
yiff
Solution is: Go to Poland there it's pronounced gif.
I pronounce it as it's pronounced in my language
I pronounce it like the g in gigantic
potography and scubba made me laugh.
I hate people who say jif. Send them to the wall.
I will never say the 30% thing, because thats writen yiff and means something totaly different xD
Jif
Jif
every day we stray further from jod
why dont we all just pronouce it G.I.F, End of argument
It's GF       *The lamp from Pixar came*
people who say gif as jif going to hell for saying god as jod
This video needs music
Like here for "JIF"
Like here for "GIF"
Actually, it’s neither gif or gif. It’s gif.
how tf do people think jif and gif are the same word?
We all know it's Jeff
I don't even mind people who say either one, it's when they try and argue that their way is correct is what makes it annoying.
Every day we stray farther from jod
The correct answer is to ask everyone in the room how they pronounce it, take the majority, then use the opposite of that.
I pronounce it as g.i.f
I thought it was GIF because it stands for "Graphics Interface Format". So I use the G sound from graphics
WAIT I PRONOUNCED IT G.I.F WHAT
It's GIF Not GIF
I can't even remember how I pronounce the word
i just say each letter, g i f, to avoid arguements
It is venomous for sure
Well, I mean, if the creator says its a soft g, how do you argue?
its yiff
It's pronounced yiff actually
I live in the Netherlands so I say dutch gif
Jif not gif
It’s yiff
I've done my research, and made a poll  I hereby announce that it is officially pronounced as Gif
dude slow down do you even breath?
Its pronounced G.I.F (Jee Ai Ef)
Normies- gif Normals- jif Me- G.I.F
Yiff.
Jif is peanut butter. ITS GIF DAMNIT. GGGGGGGGIF. GUH-IF.
It's obvs yif
Wait... what the heck is d3If?
Yes. The title of this video had taught me everything. I know that it is pronounced GIF not GIF. Thank you, Tom. This title is very helpful
Do I look like I gif a fk?
Am i the only one who pronounced it like G, I, F
I always say, G I F , ya I say the letter sound instead if how gif is actually pronounced
Giyf
I pronounced it as I say each individual letters: "Gee-Aye-Eff"
Just don't speak at all?...  It's quite easy in this day  and age.
*Reads title* “I knew it.”
it's pronounced "gif"!!!!
My brother says that if you say it as jif then you wont be seeing jod 💀
I prefer WIF, who’s with me?
i have always pronounced it jif, my friends said its gif so I thought I was wrong but now watching this I'm going back :P
Remember that in greek you’d be reading gif as yìff
I'm calling it geef
With words like Bologna and colonel, i say the inventor gets to choose
Guys, its actually pronounced
GIF not JIF
You didn't say "my cowriter Jretchen McCulloch"
So u also have no idea about it. Just say it.
I always knew it was gif
I say "ggif" (guh-jif)  Best of both worlds
The pronunciation is what I don't like the most in English (and French). Why C is pronounced as K, why it's cat and not kat or citrus is not kitrus Why in QUEUE only Q is pronounced
It's pronounced yif.
I call dibs on Tom.
it's pronounced /dat dʒi ai ɛf/, ackshyually.
So... what is the correct answer? - I heard it bad.
I knew it was GIF. My god i never understood why idiots insisted on GIF instead of GIF.
idk why but it being pronounced gif and not jif just sounds gross to me
Actually its gif
Imagine having a correct pronunciation.  This post was made by the descriptivist gang
gif is an animated picture, jif is peanut butter
Just ask how different countries would pronounce it. GIF with a hard G would probably win because GJs are harder to pronounce in most languages
I call it Greatest Integer Function to prevent confusion
This is about to cause the next civil war
bro i just say G. I. F.
I always say gif by just saying the letters. Anyone else,?
I dont pronounce it... I literally spell it in front of people.. "G-I-F"😅😅😅
giraffe
i pronounce it “ji-eye-eff” haha fight me
i think the correct answer is what you want if you pronounce it gif then ok if you pronounce it jif then ok
It pronounced GIF
I hate this
It actually gif
gif, jif sounds gay
wait ppl prounonced it jif?
what about *_jhjjhjhhjjjhh_*
Guys it is not Gif or Gif. It is for sure Gif
GIF
Pronouncing it "jif" seems more logical since g is pronounced "jg"
Its definitely Gif or jif  now I'm confused
Just like PNG i pronounce GIF as stand alone letters.
It's 100% gif
I dont give a PISS if the inventor of it says it's jif, it's gif, dammit!
It's called gif, not gif.
I propose a new terrible way to pronounce it:  Yiff.
It’s actually pronounced “Jeff”. If you want to be technical, “Geoff”
You fools, it's clearly pronounced "Yiff"
Idk how popular the “gif” hard g pronunciation is; I will always prefer calling it “jif” more.
"Ge/Gi" are pronounced like "Je/Ji" because of Italian which in turn is derived from vuglar Latin
I'm not going to go around saying jiff
Actually, it's technically pronounced G-I-F.
I pronounce it like animated picture that is found on the internet were everything is connected
my name jeff
Gif: Giraffics Interchange Format I'll except nothing less.
Smart people and cool people use the phrase gif Not jif B)
bruh, I just pronounce the letters individually like G-I-F
It's pronounced "yiff".
It pronounced as 'G' 'I' 'F' Bcuz it's a short form of graphical interchange format and short forms are never pronounced as a word
1:24 In Polish LASER it is pronounced just like that.
i always pronounced it as gif
i always pronounced it without a hard g
Now I am scared to discover if some people pronounce github as Jithub
it's pronounced jef.
Anyone who pronounces gif like gif🤮🤢 is so dumb it is pronounced gif 🧐
3:00 IS MUSIC IT S FIVE NIGHTS AT FREDYY S
For me it was always Gif like gift or git
One old thing says it's yiff
No ❤
The creator is wrong
It’s pronounced *”I”* bc my GF is non-existent
It’s pronounced I because my GF doesn’t exist
It's pronounced gif, not gif. Get it right next time.
"yif" is where it's at.
Soooo this is what I took from this: -The person who made GIF thinks it should be pronounced "jif" -The most commonly pronounced way is like "gif" -It's ok to say either.
Jif is peanut butter.
in holland and probably some more countrys we pronounce the g even different.
My whole life was a lie
i pronounce it as G-I-F
Jif should only be peanut butter
i don't care what anyone says. its gif
its pronounced "pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicavolcanoconiosis" duh
Gjif.
Gif because it’s the same as gift without the t.
Its G-I-F
I just say them individualy. G, I, F.
But I say it g.i.f
It's GIF, not JIF  The G in GIF stands for GRAPHIC, meaning it's GIF, not JIF
It's pronounced "cthullu".
GIF=2020 elections.
No one's going to stop me from pronouncing it žyv.
gift - t = gif
1:28 my favourite argument against this is that UNICEF isn't pronounced "UNICHEEF" (since it stands for United Nations international Children's Emergency Fund)
really?
Lets make this even more fun then, shall we?  Finnish doesn't have the soft G sound (giraffe) so GIF is by default pronounced with the hard G Yet, as far as I know, the soft pronunciation is taught as the "English" pronunciation.  Fun =)
The true answer can be found here /watch?v=bmqy-Sp0txY
You mean JI.F Hard J
gif with a j is a peanut butter brand not a little moving photo
People who say gif, and just trying to not get sued by Jiff peanut butter
It's actually a silent g
I was today years old when I found out laser and scuba are acronyms
The dude who invented the word gif must have been laughing right now
It’s pronounced Gif not Gif. Stupid people.
I pronounce it as "JIF" ..
I think I am the only one who pronounce it as gee ieee afff
I'm french, it's pronounced "Jiff" because to make it sound like your "Gif" would require us to add a U behind the G.
I'm french, it's pronounced "Jiff" because to make it sound like your "Gif" would require us to add a U behind the G.
If its pronounced Jif why did you spell it GIF.
in italian we read it jif, because you need gh to make a hard g
no, it's Gif
Pronounced Gif as  Gee - Iyyy - Efff
Saying GIF sounds ridiculous. GIF sounds way better.
I dissagree i pronounce it gif not gif
I think people just needs pronounce the way they like to pronounce. So we can live in peaceful world
I am the only one who pronounces it as "G I F" as in "Jee-I-ef".
Hard g gif is better still so shut the hell up still it's still your opinion and its 70% of our opinions
...what? I thought everybody pronouned it as jif
The G in GIF stands for Graphic. It's GIF, not JIF.
I pronounce it as "ji-aiy-ef"
Its obviously pronounced...     “nevergonnagifyouup”  Edit: bruh why are you liking this its so bad 😆
Peanut butter?😅
As someone who pronounces it "jif" I am surprised at just how many people say it the other way. I mean I guess it makes sense, I think I'm like the only one in my family/friend group that says it that way
Have to say, as a native English speaker, I really enjoy German SO much. Outside of a few exceptions words are pronounced as spelled. So if you can say a word, you can spell it. English just makes no sense as it's rules are all over the place with exceptions for almost everything.
I dunno, gif sounds better to me
It's gif, not gif
Gif is the moving image, Jif is peanut butter
Long story short GIF is commonly pronounce “G-IF” and not “J-IF”
Wow I pronounce it as G. I. F.
Ok bOoMeR dragon
Am I the only one pronouncing it as its individual letter? Like literally "G" "I" "F"?
I pronounce gif with a hard g (like in give) because in Finnish g is always pronounced that way (unless it's after n). We don't even have the sound of the soft g in our language, I only learnt it in school.
It’s gif and no one can change my mind
Guys it's clearly pronounced like the G in diaphragm
Hard G
It is an acronym, so i say G. I. F.
My rationale has always been "there's only one other English word I can think of that has starts with "gif" -- gift -- so that's how I'm pronouncing it".
It's pronounced "apple"
whenever i watch these videos, i always wonder when ill stop paying attention because it gets so complicated
I would love if you went deep on how people's mothertongue affects learning this kind of words. Because, in reality, we (in my case, spanish) have a different "similar words for each morpheme", so it really changes, how 'guessing' the pronounciation of a new word could be easier, or a living hell
Only wierd people pronounce it gif cool people pronounce it gif
gif
I’m about to make a big brain move        Its called “that one moving thing”
Objection! "jee-eye-eff"
Don’t you understand, there is no correct answer. It can be both.
Title: It's pronounced GIF Me: *ah yes, the floor is made of floor*
fudge it. Yiff.
It's pronounced yiff ._.
in italy, there's no problem lie this, if it's and hard G like gift we put an H, if the G is soft we don't put the H; and for accents.... weel you can't go wrong there either, we use them in some words at the end like Casino in italy is Casinò.
I'll just stop speaking.
I knew that was going to be the ending.
Smh it’s stupid ITS SO OBVIOUSLY gif and not jif
In Czech it's always Gif. The language has only a single way to pronounce G.
In my language, we fix that we have ghi and gi, ghi = gi - gi = ji. We also have ce, ci ge, gi, che, chi, ghe, ghi.
Yup it's a gift
well nutella is also confirmed by the creators to be pronounced new-tell-uh but that doesn't stop me
Gif is harder to pronounce than gif so I think it's gif, but gif is okay...
I forgot how i used to pronounce it
It's pronounced "jod".
It's data
Me who used to say the alphabet one by one  G I F [gee- eye- ef]
Best 3 minutes and 25 seconds of my life
I am satisfied with that, both ways are correct.
Not jif
"Only 70%", only? That is over two thirds of people.  Sure it wasn't 90%, but still a very solid majority.
I side with jif but when I say it out loud to someone I sometimes pronounce it both ways. It does sound weird now that I think about it.
It’s pronounced “dʒʎỉïv”
It’s pronounced gif? I thought it was pronounced gif
Yup is definitely pronounced gif for sure
I like jif
"Gif" is an old English word, pronounced "yiff".
Screw it, I call it  G U F
So, it has been called 'gif' all along.
Just imagine people saying “I live in usa” not U. S. A. usa. Uuuuuuusa. Now do you say it as you-sa or oo-sa, or maybe you-za or oo-za?
Anyone here who pronounce it:- "Jee Eye Ef"
I used to pronounce it gee- eye- eff, like the letters, individually
The correct answer is of course...       WEBM
I don't say Jiff because... well because now there are *weird* GIFS
i'm just gonna pronouce it "yiff"...
It's gif, not gif.
The format’s creator Steve Wilhite can burn in hell. It’s pronounced /gif/.
so uhhh i say jif, am j weird? Gif sounds weird jif just sounds better
that slide is a nice paradaxon
What you don't read it as ji ay ef
Me, who has never pronounced it like a word, instead say the 3 letters individually: feels my existence slowly fading away as I watch this
Literally everybody pronounced it as GIF until the creator started whining about it and saying it was pronounced DJIF. Then some people tried jumping on the bandwagon. GIF will win in the end because that was the original pronunciation we all picked up and is therefore the more natural.
Depends on your native language tbh
Gif, noted.
I call it jif
i used to pronounce it as "jif" but one of my friend told me it’s pronounced as "Gif"
It’s obviously pronounced “zhif.”
Apparently it's so old that it's 'g' is a vowel and it's pronounced 'y'. Do with that what you will.
Ji. Ai. Eff.
Tf is the point of 'J' then
Don't worry, they'll all go straight to hell when they call God "Jod."
if jif is a word (peanut butter) then gif has a hard g end of story
I am gonna say this it isn't "jif". That is Peanut better. Gif is the correct way of saying it and no one can tell me otherwise
It is Gif not Jif
It's pronounced with the g in garage
sike, its pronouced G.I.F
Jokes on yall i live in Poland and its pronounced gif
bit like... jiff peanut butter is pronounced 'jif'... so shouldnt gif be prounounced 'gif'
It's pronounced jife
if we are talking about the peanut butter, it’s jif. if we’re talking about the image gifs, it’s gif.
It’s actually pronounced GIF
It’s always “jif” in my eyes
It's pronounced "zhif". Not to be confused with "jif" or "chif".
Its "graphics" not "jraphics", so why would it be [jif]? How is this even a debate?
its h not hache
Witch ones better gif or       Gif
I always say “do you pronounce giraffe like ‘giraffe’ or ‘jeraffe’?” And then the other person always says “oh” or something like that
I call it Gif, not Jif
Wait.... so who's correct? What's the right answer?
Its not gif its gif
I always used to think it was said and pronounce it letter by letter- gee eye eff
How much jokes about that it's pronounced gif is there?
I pronounce it with a hard G - the way the creator, (Steve Wilhite), intended it to be pronounced.
In Old English, it was pronounced "yiff" (/ɣɪf/)
I like how people are saying bad words and roasting at each other in the comments when you forgotten YouTube policies
Jif is a peanut butter
It is indeed Gif
Easy one. G is pronounced 'jee', so it is 'jif'.
Gif
It's pronounced *'GIF'*
Hard G gang is best gang.
Gif or Gif? Hmmm...i guess i'll go with Gif
It’s literally pronounced “Yiff”
i don't think it's gif. i think it's gif.
im not sure why im watching this but ill say that im satisfied
I should be studying
I pronounce it with a soft g
i say it as g i f
2:32 there u have it
*It is pronounced as JIF*
Just say GIF
Now let's talk about data
Are you dumb it's not gif it's gif
I honestly just think it should be pronounced G.I.F. and not gif or jif (so gee eye eff would be how I think it should be pronounced).
I will continue to call it Gif
Every day, we stray further from Jod.
This is why I prefer phonetic languages much more.
It's *GIF* not peanut butter.
one day there will be two great political powers namer Jifers and Gifers
I say G I F 😎😎😎
Hard G gang
Wait Jif? So would a GIF of a peanut butter jar be a Jif JIF?
how do you say tarzan then?
Just pronounce it gjif
It's Pronounce G I F not /gi/ /d3/
JI-EYE-EF gang where y at
Ģìf
JIFF is either very fast or a peanut butter, while GIF is a gift for the eyes.
gif or gif
It's pronounced Yiff
I literally used to think it was G I F (gee eye eff) a while ago and I still use that sometimes today
"It's pronounced meem not maymay"
Jif
I will never  say it like jif
Jif sounds worse though....  The frick is a g if
I pronounce it G I F just the letters not the word
To be fair, Gee and Jay use the same J sound.
idc what people say i think its gif
It's pronounced G-i-ffimetry
Imagine you aren't allowed to decide the pronounciation of the word you invented  or pronunciation...?
King of controversy
According to Olde English linguistics wouldnt it be pronounced Yif?
You’re all wrong.  *It’s pronounced “yiff”.*
IT IS GIF GIF NOT JIF
Its neither.... Its G I F, each letter is said independently because acronyms aren't words :P
Guys! Its obviously pronounced _ _ _ :P
Its prounonced gif not gif if you pronounce it gif then you need to realise its prounounced gif
So in 1 month are we going to jive people Christmas jifts?
_yiff_
It's gif
It literally says Gif, what's so hard to understand?
It is “   “
*Great. Now I’m more confused.*
My Dad Pronunces GIF As G. I. F.
Take gift, then subtract the t
I pronounce it G-I-F and every time I say it I expect someone to pull out a gun and shoot me immediately
I say it G.I.F
gif.
ive always pronounced it "jif" because im french and g-i in french is like j-i and i would pronounce it your way if it was guif
In romanian its pronounced "Jif" but its writed gif...its the way we do it
It’s a gif not gif
I call it j-EE-f
its Data not data
I always thought it's pronounced G.I.F.
woah, i pronounce it as "G, I, F"
I think the brittish are confused from latin influence. "Gi" in Italian for instance would be like in "gin". The other germanic languages have it easier.
people who pronounce it as "GIF" and "JIF": fighting people who pronounce it as "G-I-F" and "Graphics Interchange Format":  edit: don't take this joke seriously or you're all going to r/woooosh
*Me who pronounced Gee - Ai - Af my entire life.*
Everyone knows it's pronounced "yiff".
It's pronounced gif, not gif.
I'm not a fan of gif but I like gif
If I name my child something, other people don't get to decide how it's pronounced.
Jif gang wya!?
I actually pronounce it both ways: gif when I speak in english and jif when I speak my native language:)))))
Does anyone here pronounce it Jee Eye Ef ???
Jif just rolls off the tongue better. But, maybe it's because of my accents and the way I talk haha
Ah yes, english, the hardest language
I mean if you do think about it, the word "GIF" isn't really a word, its an abbreviation for a word. So it really doesn't matter what way you say it.
oh gif jif just call it moving pictures with memes
yiff
No actually its gif
i used to pronounce it letter by letter GEE EYE EFF
Its pronounced gif, not gif
It's pronounced Gimp, not Steve Wilhite.
Why did I read your name Travis Scott?
GIF  Graphic Interchange Format  How do you pronounce GRAPHIC? With a hard G, not a J.  Therefore, the correct pronounciation of Gif, is Gif
Guys your all wrong, it's pronounced GIF.
I pronounce it jif since forever
Dissing on my peanut butter?
Screw Gif and Jif, how about God and Jod
Uh.. I legit thought this debate was on wether it’s pronounced jif, or spelt out as g-I-f
It's not peanut butter
It's pronounced  "    "  because gif doesn't exist
am I the only one who pronounces it as G-I-F
jiff
It's gif not gif not gif not gif not gif not gif
I feel like the word "gift" explains the way its pronounced because its gif but with a T
It is pronounced Gee Ie Ef
I call it “jif”
JIF I don't even care
how about yif
This is a very jreat video, Tom.
I pronounce it as gee eye eff 😭
Why pronounce english people letters so strange? A "G" is a G and not a "J". We have a International Phonetic Alphabet, use it.
YOU CAN'T STOP ME, I WILL FOREVER PRONOUNCE IT GIF
0:23. Take that.
ITS PRONOUNCED JIF
Wait, do more people actually think it's GIF? I pronounce it JIF
ITS PRONOUNCED YIFF
it’s stupid.. spell it why the j if u wanna say it
i love ur ur so wise and kewnrful..
what
It’s gif not gif
best soluton is to use aPNG, becouse it have much better color deep.
You give a gif, you don't jive a jif
Heard this before Tom reviewed gang
My brain does not lock in to one. Every time I say the word, I say "(hard G) GIF" then I say "(soft G) GIF", then I say "I don't know which one it is". Yes, I go through this every single time I say it if I'm talking to others. Really, all I want is to know is how others are saying it so that I can choose one. I'm happy to know 70% of people say it with a hard G sound... I'll just stick with that. Even though neither will ever feel right.
ok, its official, "gif" is incorrect, "jif" is correct
people who pronounce it "jif" are going to hell when they meet god and call him Jod
I actually go by whatever pronunciation the creator of the word says it is, even though it makes the language even more complicated and I hate it.
It will be pronounced GF because 'I' will eventually be gone
if you say jif you are a psychopath
So you're telling me scuba is an acronym? That is some information that i didn't expect to learn. 1:29
You should do a video on why scone is pronounced scone and not scone
Never gonna GIF you up
Both are wrong. Its actually pronounce gee aii eff.  .gif extension
Graphics not jraphics.
I always thought it was GIF because, g to me is said G. Obviously but I mean that’s like it’s written with a J like JIF and I spell phonetically because I can’t spell very well I sound it out . I used to spell stuff like Gin with a J soooo yup.
No jod please no!
gif doesn’t even look like a word anymore
Wait so people don't pronounce GIF as "G" "I" "F"? Like in PNG?
Me who pronounces it *jee ai ef*
Imagine god came down one day and said, it's Jod and then left.
Its gif, Not gif
betas : gif alphas : gif me : d3if
No, if you go back to the old English roots, it’s pronounced “Yiff”
I used to work as a postman in Gillingham and we always got miss-sorted mail for the other one coming through. The postcodes didn't help with the pronunciation it seems
TLDR: say what you want, you know what it means
I call it *Gee Eye Eff*
Ngeselin coeg
If you say its ‘JIF’ I will be outraged. Edit: I am both outraged and not outraged.
In Australia, Jif is a brand of cleaning products, made by Unilever. Therefore the image format is Gif here
Jif is the peanut butter, it has already been taken
binge watch tom scott to be smarter
It's definitely not PNG
Definitely gif
Guess I’ve been saying gif for 10 years
i think it's actually pronounced jpeg or mp4, depending whether the content is a still image or not
Me who calls it G-I-F 👁_👁
I think it's pronounced jif
if you say gif instead of gif you are stupid
One time, I made a gif of jiff but the jiff gif was miff because jiff got on the gif, so the jiff gif was covered in jiff so it wasn't actually a gif but a jpeg.
If the person who made a word actually got the final say in how it is pronounced, "UFO" would be pronounced "yoo-foh" instead of how we actually pronounce it as "yoo-eff-oh".  At least not in English. The loan word in Japanese, however, *is* pronounced "yoo-foh", and the loan word in Mandarin Chinese is amusingly pronounced "yoh-foo" due to restrictions in syllable construction.  So there's your trivia for the day.
its pronounced G. I. F.
I use both pronunciations interchangeably
This reminds me of the 90's cleaning product JIF. I believe they changed the name to CIF for the European market (not uk)
Any Zhaif people here?
it’s pronounced gif not jif fight me
Nah it's pronounced gif
Wait its not pronounced g-eye-f
1:17 enjoy
L-laser is an acronym?? Scuba is an acronym??  My life is a lie.
Its pronounced as the G on garage
Jeff
Ghif
Its pronounced GIF not GIF
The fact that this video had to be made should be enough evidence that we should stop pointing out whatever way anyone says GIF
You look like old jake verda
If it was gif why isn’t it spelled jif?
Ok but like, descriptivism isn't like some holy law that dictates how we say words, it's just how we generally tend to go about our language. Sure people can pronounce it however they want, but that doesn't mean they are pronouncing it right.
the people who disliked say 'jif'
easy, pronounce it G.I.F.
guys wtf you people are all wrong it’s obviously pronounced “dërfüytł”
2:06 Fun fact: the GEH word is popularized by Ugandan TV journalist Simon Kaggwa Njala.
Brain is now no
the correct answer is ENGLISH IS THE WORST LANGUAGE WHY IS IT NOT PHONETIC THIS COULD HAVE BEEN SETTLED THE MOMENT THE WORD WAS MADE AAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGHGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
am i the only one who pronounces it like jee-ay-ef
How is G not a vowel at this point in the same way Y is.
I'm the 0.0000007% the pronouncea GIF separateds G + I + F
I used to think "Gif" was short for giraffe, hence me pronouncing it as jif
its gif, not jif.
Its gif
Ah yes, jraphical image format
oh boy cant wait to praise the lord, jod
What on earth is a jif?
fun fact Gif is also an old english word pronounced "yiff"
Ngif
Ngif
I just pronounce it G.I.F.
every day we stray further from jod
IT.IS.PRONOUNCED.JIFF.
i say *J I F*
THE ORIGINAL SPELLING OF THE WORD WAS "YIFF", BYE I WILL NOW GO BANISH MYSELF BECUSE I ALSO HATE TO KNOW THIS FACT AND I MUST SATISFY MYSELF BY PASSING IT ONTO OTHERS
the 'g' is pronounced like the g in gorgeous.
When I think of gif as jif I think of peanut butter. But when I think of gif having a hard G I think of nothing else. So it’s easier to make gif be its own word rather than having another word that already exsists.
I ignore anyone calling it JIF as trolling 🤷‍♂️ the fact GIFs are still a thing is because of social media popularity despite that and there are dozens of better replacements none have gotten widespread enough yet.
Me who's been saying "Jee-Eye-Eff" all this time: 👁👄👁
I pronounce it G-I-F
I will fix it in a giffy.  Estonian is a nice language since there is only a single way to pronounce letters so any combination of letters give the same result, even for words that dont exist yet.
It's because the 'G' stands for Graphical and the word Graphical has a hard 'g' sound so...
This was 3 weeks ago? I feel like this video has been around for years, but I’ve never watched it because it was in my recommended feed once and never came up again until just now
Please watch church Sunday/Wednesday to learn about the one true God.
I call them Jif :/
The fact the "correct" way to pronounce it has to be written differently from the word itself kind of calls into question if it should be pronounced like that...   Hard G for life
Here I call it G I F😉
It's pronounced GF because I don't exist.
am i the only one who says "gee eye fee eee"
My girlfriend does the pro move and says G I F. Not getting into the debate at all 😎
I pronounce it like the "g" in "gigantic."
grace, gill, ghastly, grimace, grand, great, grab, grin, game are all fairly commonly used words that weren’t one of the three words listed for ‘guh’. i cannot for the life of me think of any common words that start with ‘juh’.
Zheiff
To those younger people out there: GIF was an animated image format with only 256 colors used by your *parents* to build Geocities websites and the front page of Yahoo, *before* Google even existed. Why are will still fighting about a completely outdated image format?
Im gonna give him a jift.
1:24 That's a perfect Polish pronunciation of the word "laser" you got there.   Nah, almost. It would have been, if you British were not shy about pronouncing the last consonants in your words ;P
I don't care what you all say. It stands for "graphic interchange format" Not for "Jrafic interchange format"
I'm here thinking, "Wait? Laser is an akronim!"
Thanks for teaching us how to pronounce it... It was such a *jift*.
It's pronounced yif
Also Jif Lemon already existed when the .gif format came out, so you *could* say that the pronunciation and spelling was already taken for the 'j-' style, which leaves only one way to say gif...
Guys its actually pronounced GIF Thank me later
10 hours mom
I've always pronounced it with a [g] because [dʒ] isn't a native sound in my mother tongue (according to some sources) and is a rare sound overall
Jokes on you, is pronounce it Gif with a rolling g, because I'm Dutch
Jif is a bathroom cleaner.  Gif is an animated image file
Some people pronounce it G.I.F and its making me wanna stab myself
Me who had always said "gee ai eff":  👀👄👀
That is a logical argument.  I'll stick with the hard g.  I grew up thinking cache sounded like caysh. I have not found one source that agrees with me.  It's always cash but that just sounds wrong to me
In Italy this would be really easy as you always need an "h" after the "g" to pronounce it with an hard G.
It’s pronounced like “jeeief”
Hahaha i pronounce it G. I. F.😂 like pronouncing gift spelling
I call it g-i-f  ( word by word)
I pronounce it as ¤.     However that's pronounced.
i think it is jif tho but You can keep your opinion
J exists for a reason. You should never put G somewhere, and say it makes a "J" sound.
Well umm it’s really said yiff and how do I know this go look in a very old dictionary also I want to die for this
Here's a cool argument I don't hear very often. jif is a different image format. JPEG Interchange Format. .jif files that could in many cases be used instead of .gif ones exist. If you were talking about both formats, without pronouncing gif with a hard g, it would be quite tricky to distinguish them.
GIF or GIF You decide in YOUTUBE DECIDES!!!
bruh
It's pronounced gif, not gif
*laughs in bilingual so i can have both*
Am I the only one who didn't know that laser was an acronym until now?
Aah, english, the language with unconsistent phonetic
Brilliant
Zhaif for life.
It's pronounced "yiff"
I personally like both. *shrug*
I pronounce it G I F. As in, G.I.F.
Awesome Video!!!!
I feel like English is getting closer and closer to Chinese, or even to Egyptian.
If you say “Jif” then you need to be thrown into the sun
its not pronounced gif nor jif its j̷̡̨̤͕̻͕̰̟̫̣̞̤̤͓̹̺̼̱̰̟̹̳̲͐͆͒͆͒͊̌́̓͒̇͑̒̂̓̍̑̋̎͌̑͒̀̍̂̐̅̀͑̿͊̽͛̄̑͗̌͑̕̚̕͘͘̕̕̚͜͝ͅ if
C next? Ceiling, cat, cello. Written English is a mess.
In other news, Ghibli is jiblee not giblee.
Are you saying that I could speak gibberish and claim its just my way of saying "good morning" and that's technically right?
i don't trust ppl who pronounce it jiff
Aww, the poor green keying is bruising by soul....
My argument we have the letter "j" and "g" we interchange the letter "g".  We have more letters that also bother me. Like "c" pronounced "k" or "c". We also have "x" pronounced "ks", but the word xylophone isn't pronounced "ks-ilo-fon" but "Z-ilo-fon". The English language in my opinion among other languages should become more phonetic as it really has no use to add letters that steal from others.   This is why I argue it should "gif" not "jif". More because I prefer the phonetic version of the language. I'll start saying "laser" instead of "lazer" in protest lmao. I already pronounce the  "b" in dumb. This isn't the most important thing but I speak how I wanna alright you guys.
“It’s pronounced ‘wrong’, not ‘right’”
I always say "G. I. F.", because I'm not sure which one's better and I don't like to be lazy with acronyms
I think we got the gist that it's gif.
If there "should be no value judgements about particular words or pronunciations or types of speech", why are we then using the Oxford-English Dictionary for reference? Is it not inherently an instrument of value judgement of what is right and wrong or why would we use it? Is it not a "Reference book", and more over is Oxford not "on high"?
Jif is better
You;re a bunch of fools, the correct pronunciation is Giraffe Industrial Farts.
Ah yes finally i can say jif
what if the g is silent
its gif not gif🙄🙄
Sounds a little giffy
I pronounce it as G-I-F..... Am i weird?
Its pronounced “jif“ cuz the inventor said so, you cant say the inventor is wrong if the inventor invented it
Meanwhile in The Netherlands, gif also means poison, so we pronounce those words the same way, with a typical harsh Dutch G
Well, I pronounce it as "jif"
I don’t wanna get political or anything, but I pronounce it gjiiff
I prefer gif because do you think my small brain is strong enough to separate a repeating series of frames from peanut butter?
It's pronounced Jeff
Soooooo now that we got GIF solved, is data pronounced data or data
how ironic , where I'm from, we call it G.I.F with each litter pronounce individually.
Hard "G" is gay. You lose
Ha, so I AM right
I really hope you didn't know the word "gin" as a small kid
as i am german i gladly never had that problem xD G is G not J or anything like the funny english wannabe pronouncing xD so i always was saying gif with an hard G as thats the german way to say words, i dont get english ... if u wanna have it pronounced J why not write it xD jillinham  jill  jin jib xD. FUNFACT i always wrote JIN and not GIN as i never read it only heared it and i had no reason to ever think anyone would write J with an G xD
jiggling picture  that's it
"You say leiser, not laser"  *Sweats in Spaghetti* •w•"""
IT'S PRONOUNCED G-I-F!!
Maybe it is actually pronounced Khiff, like Jif but it is in Juan...Let us ask Juan.Ji ji
Maybe it is actually pronounced gif....
its giff. will always be giff. and forever be giff.
Well it’s pronounced gif because that’s just gift without the t.
One of the problem is that English speaking people think that english is the only language. GIF is GIF all over the world, it doesn't need to be necessarily pronounced as an english word.
No matter how you pronounce it, the idea from my mind was successfully communicated and transfered to your mind by means of air vibration. Any argument that ensues afterward is only a waste of time for both parties involved.  I'll pronounce it as chiff tho
It's the phonetically correct version, if you sound out the letter G that's the sound for GIF!! Case closed!! The more popular on in other words!!
I feel like if you invent something you have the right to name it. But also people care way too much about this topic than what is healthy.
Djif for sure
Let's cal Beef
Going off of the idea of patterns we see and assigning the pronunciation; You can make a strong case that the reason a lot more people say Gif pronounced  with a hard G, is because of the association with the word "gift" its right there we have the G-I-F in "gift". Also there is no soft g words that start with "gif", so the inclusion of the "f" is what possibly sparks the association with the word "gift". There is also the negative affect of pronouncing Gif with a soft g, that being it sounds like the peanut butter brand "JIF"
am I the only person who literally said G.I.F before I started to say gif
I pronounce it jif-
I always thought it was G.I.F.
no it’s gif
Giraffe Gif
jif just sounds better than gif, and creator agrees with us. its the OG way
Gif also had a different way to say it a long time ago. But... It's said as "Yiff". No one wins.
gif
and here i am saying it g.i.f
I saved my file as .jif and now it won't open
Meanwhile me : 'G' 'I' 'F'
What? I pronounce it as JI AY EF (G  I  F)
Jif peanut butter exists. Gif deserves a unique pronunciation!
It's actually pronounced like the g in garage.
Jraphics Interface Format
Well, I just pronounce it as “G.I.F.”
Bro just say G.I.F.
Merriam Webster recently added 'irregardless' as a word.... if this teaches us anything, it's that dictionaries are not to be trusted and neither is common usage.
Your forgetting that its an international word and not just english, in my country we pronounce the G as an F zero times. Its pronounced gif
I thought it was  G I F
I feel like more europeans pronounce it jif, while americans say gif.
i say jif because it feels better, gif with a hard g sounds gross
As a kid I called it "gee eye eff" file -_-"
Us old-school Idea Channel viewers know it's actually "Ʒaɪf for life!" 😅
I speak German, so it’s easy. GIF
In germany we pronounce 'g' like 'g', so we call 'gif' 'gif' :D
Lmao i pronounce GIF as “jif” with a J, and have been for a long long time
GRAPHICS INTERCHANGE FORMAT NOT JRAFICS INTERCHANGE FORMAT
Your video is incredibly one-sided. You talk about how linguistics support all valid pronunciations yet you keep saying soft g gif and only show things that support it being correctly pronounced with the soft g. Even going so far as to pronounce graphics with a hard g to make the hard g version of gif sound ridiculous. Both ways are valid. TAB VS SPACES NEXT.
Gif sounds better then gif
Ofcourse its gif idiot
Confusion And Correction
idc the guy who invented is right
changed my whole life
Is this a re-upload
It's pronounced igoyrtuautfpiptitsugvojjcysgafahc, obviously
to avoid confusion... write GIF if U pronounce it "gif" or write gif if U pronounce it "GIF"
It's neither. It's G. I. F.
Your wrong, it's gee eye eff
1:13 Tomorrow pronounces it with a hard g 🤭
Gillingham is a lovely town
I just say the letters g i f
I honestly can't even remember how I pronounce it anymore. I remember I used to have very strong reasons for the way I pronounced it, but now those reasons are lost on me, so....
JIF!
Because words represent human mind, and if human mind favors the pronouncition gif then it is so. As you said 70% of people pronounce it like that, so thats how words form, and so if gif
I.. bieng the wierdo I am say the letters. I say g i f not gif/jif
I think it should be pronounced dʒɪf.
it's pronounced jee eye eff
Do you ever wear a shirt thats not red?
I more commonly hear “gift” instead of gif and they won’t hear any correction
Thanks to a Mr J. Clarkson, I can only pronounce Germany as Guhmany in my head.
I say "JIF" because I'm French, so as long as it's not GUIF, I'll stick with the J
Jif is a peanut butter.
It's pronounced Jod
I got its its gif
this shows that english is not thought through. ;)
The inventor pronounced it "jif". I go with "jif".
I believe the reason why 70% of people pronounce gif the way they do is simple. The closest “real” word to it is gift. Drop the T. Our brains are lazy and will look for the closest short cut to get the pronunciation right.
Would you rather        Gif          OR              Gif
Come to think of it... When speaking German, I use "Gif". When talking in English I switch to "Jif".
For me as a German it is pronounced GIF, like "gift". End of story
Iv litturally never heard anyone pronounce it with a "G"
idk about you but in my language "gif" is pronounced "gif"
My name a Gif
It's pronounced "I" because my GF is nonexistent
here in brazil "jif" does not exist because a word that starts with "g" makes "g" sound
nah Gif is pronouced G-I-F
I prefer the pronunciation ‘HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH’ <3
Gif it is then.
Jif, Gif, G-I-F, jeef, jef, geef, gef, Gayef.  All valid pronounciations
Wœw
It's jif.
GIF     Like GYF
Geeraf
I'm very thankful that we don't have that problem in German. It's always pronounced GIF.
Gif me a pinned comment
I dont understand why people are arguing about this, its obvious that the G is silent....
Am I the only one who pronounces acronyms like G I F separately
It’s gif, jif is peanutbutter
I switched to "jif" around 2014, and honestly, it just rolls off the tongue easier
Excuse my ignorance .. I just wanna know how this video is made .. I have some sharable informations that I wanna share in form of videos like this one
I call it G I F😎😎😎
I think the simple answers is most people have seen, heard, or read JIF which isn't ambiguous in how it's phonetically sounded, and of course logically GIF wouldn't have the same the same pronunciation.  I think if I haven't seen JIF I probably would have sounded GIF as JIF.
People who pronounce GIF and JIF can agree to hate on people who say G-I-F letter by letter.
I prounce gif as gif
oxford: we play both sides, so we always came on top
"Creating something doesn't give you the permission to change how language works."
If we all had switched to png in 1996 we wouldn't have this problem.
I pronounce it as G-I-F...
I always pronounced it |GIF| and not |GIF|
I already hear the bus of the linguistic mafia approaching
Todos hablando de como se pronuncia gif y yo viendo la fecha del comentario de tom
what about pronouncing it GIF? pleases both audiences
*WAIT WHAT SCUBA IS AN ACTUAL ACRONYM I THOUGHT IT WAS JUST A BUNCH OF RANDOM LETTERS*    *I HAVE BEEN LIED TO MY WHOLE LIFE*
The funny thing is no Matter what you say your wrong so just say what you want to
ITS "GIF" NOT "GIF".
I like jyfe
In English, there's no widely recognized standards body, so common usage IS correct usage. "Literally" now also means "figuratively" because of the wide usage. You can try to fight these things, but once they're in popular usage, it's done. If you enjoy pedantry for pedantry's sake, then sure, try to tell people how it's really pronounced "Encyclopædia", and I'm sure you'll be fun at parties.
So, it's GIF and JIF.
Am I the only one who says jee eye eff
I read it gif but speak it jif.  So F if I know
I thought they were tow different words that mean the same thing.  What's there to debate.  We all know what you mean by saying.........   Unless you don't.....
Ah yes, why don’t we start calling it G-I-F.
I call it G.I.F. 🙄
Its not jif its gif
JEE-AYE-EF
It's really simple.  We don't pronounce it "jif" because JIF is already a popular brand of peanut butter, and that would be confusing.  I don't know why nobody ever brings that up, but that's obviously the reason we say "gif" instead.
Are you trying to claim that gaffer is a one-syllable word?
Its gif, because if you drop the t on gift that's how it should sound. Jif sounds like peanut butter.
maybe the g is silent
English phonetics. Always a source of entertainment.
Jif. I'm sorry but it's jif.
In The Sims 4 City Living you can have your sims argue about the pronunciation of “gif” at Geekcon.
It's pronounced Jeff.
Jif is the way you pronounce a brand of peanut butter. The G stands for "Graphics", not Jraphics. In case I'm not being clear, it's GIF, as in gift.
Me, spelling it out when I pronounce it because it's an abbreviation 👁️👄👁️
I just think jif sounds weird.
1:24 I was today years old when I discovered LASER is an acronym.
Gif is actually the way that it was intended to be pronounced by the creator
I will forever pronounce it as "jif"
No there's actually a difference. JIF is for animations, GIF is the format made by Compuserve in the 80s.
"the geh words"
If we followed the pattern of many other 3 letter acronyms like FBI, CDC, IRS, etc, wouldn't it just be G.I.F.?
gif, got it. thanks 👍
0:24 correct!
It is GIF WITH A HARD “G”.
Its gif, fight me other wise
What a gliffhanger
When I speak my native language I pronounce it /gif/ but when I speak English it becomes /dzif/  G is always /g/ in Polish so my brain decides that the strange, /dz/ pronunciation belongs to English
*"GEE EYE EFF"
I'm usubbing now
I say it like gift but without the t.
what if god comes down and says "it's pronounced jod, not god"
Some english problems... You know it's more complicated when it is your second language
I pronounce it "fish" just to be extra wrong.
I prefer jif
Jraphical interchange files
I will say g.i.f
No its definitely gif not gif
I pronounce it Jee Eye Eff.  I mean, you pronounce exe as Ecks or ai as Eye
'Laurel' and not 'Yanny'
Just say “G, I, F.”    Makes everyone happy enough.
It’s pronounced if
Omg,these idiots,its pronounced "GIF"
Am I the only one who called it G-I-F separately (like you pronounce CPU)        And I thought my friends calling it gif was wrong...
I disagree. The living person who creates a word DOES get to declare it's pronunciation. Just as a parent gets to declare the pronunciation of their child's name. Renee Des Cartes isn't going to change to "Ree Knee Dehs Karts" just because  someday there may happen to be more people saying it wrong.  I'm sorry but GIF has a soft G. Great video, just a flawed premise.
are we talking about the peanut butter spread or the video format?
ma name a gif
I am now going to call it Jeff, just to purposefully piss people off.
When you pick your pronunciation of gif based off your last name 😐
Jif sounds better
I feel like non-Native English speakers who come from languages using Latin alphabet tend to gravitate toward "GIF" as in "graphics". (Same for East Slavic as well, I'd say, due to "dj" being a loaned sound combination.)
I used to call it "jif" (i.e. a soft g), then I realized everyone was saying it with a hard g "gif"  and now jif doesn't sound right to me anymore...
I prefer the pan African pronunciation of /ɪ̰̀ɠ̊͡ɓ̥ɔ̰́ǃ̃¡̃ʷɘ̤̃̀k͡pˁʷʼ/
Me who's always pronounced it G.I.F. 👁👄👁
Nah fam... I say G. I. F. Therefore nobody gets to pronounce nothin.
technically, it's actually pronounced by spelling the letters one by one. like how you would read .png or .mp3 or .wmv
Probably because of the French influence where g is pronounced j and j is pronounced g
Dʒɪf  Me: Kʒiv
If you say jif you're not saying gif.
poop alert
I always pronounced it like “gift” without the t.
This is why we must overthrow language and establish "Dhiveu" as the correct pronunciation of gif
So... is it the same for _regex_ or is that a different kind of case? That is, does it matter that it's a portmanteau instead of an acronym?
Can we just call it webm now?
Thank you Tom, you clarified how to pronounce GIF in English. Could you please provide further explanation regarding its pronunciation in Indonesian, Japanese and Spanish?
its actually /wsg/
I prefer jif because the app Giphy seems to be referencing "jiffy", aka how quickly you can find a gif on the app.
JRAFICS INTERCHANGE FORMAT!!!1!111eleven
It's definitely GIF
Why is “gaffer” on that list? There’s no “i” or “e” after the “g”, so why would there be any ambiguity between the hard and soft “g” sound in that case?
I can make my own rules, it's pronounced gif
I remember doing a research paper about the pronunciation of this word in Uni. The main point I found was that in the English language words which start with "gi" are pronounced with a soft 'g' (as a 'j') *UNLESS* they are imported words, generally of Germanic origin (such as 'gift' which comes to English for the old Germanic language). Since 'gif' is not a germanic origin word, it should follow the more general rule since it doesn't fit in the 'exception', if you're just going off of basic pronunciation rules at least.
I pronounce it as G. I. F.  :)
“The correct answer is ofcourse-“ NOOOOO THE SACRED TEXTS
nah , its jif
In portuguese, A G with a I Next to It is pronounced, gif, (Jif)
here I am saying it as Jee - Ai - Eff since 2008...
I pronounce it /gʒɪf/ to make everyone unhappy.
Yes, 100% gif
Wait it isn't pronounced letter by letter            Never had been
You’re having a giraffe, mate, it’s gi.. oh.
Well, at least isn't Cif......
The g in gif is pronounced like the g in gigantic
The only correct way to pronounce is "G" "I" "F", just like PNG, or PDF, or JPG. You can't convince me that it's "gif" or "jif".
I think there is another important thing to consider, and that it how non-english speakers pronounce it. By the time this debate started, gif was used all around the world, and while english is the common language on the internet, I don't think native english speakers are a majority of internet users. So take all of the thought processes that you described and apply them to ALL the languages that the people on the internet use. Case in point - I'm Polish. The default pronounciation of 'gif' in Polish is gif and not jif. How about your language? :D
Just make the g silent and we won't have any problems
It’s pronounced /χɪf/ and that’s that
Just get rid of the *G*
Yes! The victory is mine ✌️
Now go after people who draw their "8"s with two circles.
I just call it annoying
<b> hi <b>
Okay, didn’t know that “laser” and “scuba” were acronyms lmao
g i f
*G-I-F*
Is it a word or a name?
Forgive me jod for my sin
guys its not GIF it's "GIF"
I'm German so hard G it is. No questions asked.
steve wilhite saying how it should be pronounced should've been end of story.
Seriously english speaking people, get your language fixed.
for non-native english speaker gif comes naturally with a hard g  idk why tho
I always pronounced it g.i.f 😅
"Hey look its fakejake"
I been saying this for years to no avail. I tell people it seems normal to me because there is no letter after to justify the hard g (like in gift or give) and there is no u before the i
2:32 he's /gıf/ gang
The way we perceive language is a critical debate to have at this time. Hello Canada!
Wait, git is pronounced git?
I'll be sure to check out Jretchen's podcast after this.
It's a hard G. End of 😋
it's actually gjif
Due to being part of the art community, I really don't wanna say "yiff". :| Djiff is okay, but Gif is definitely the best way to say it.
It's pronounced jiff and my boys took great pleasure doing it on the other one's pillow or head.
This is why I appreciate you so much. Thanks for shedding some new light on this debate.
it's GIF not JIF give up, peoople always wanna work against common things swear to god!
"it's jif, not gif" is my favorite argument for why it's gif, not jif
It pronounce ‘Jee eye ef’
no its " GE , EYE, EF"
We need a system like Hindi where all the letters are pronounced exactly as they’re read and vice versa.
Is it JFIF or JPEG?
We have an easy rule in Portuguese: G followed by i and e and spelled "Je" and "Ji". To pronounce it as Gif and not as Jig, in our language if that word existed, we would have to put a "u" between the volowel and the consonante so "Guiff". Nevertheless I say Gif and never Jif.
Why were the words in the blue corner still red
My name is gif...
And there is me, pronouncing it as G-I-F
I changed pronunciation when I learned how it was supposed to be said. Just like there have been words that I read and then found out that the pronunciation is completely different, e.g. colonel.
My IT teacher who was 50 at the time in 96 pronounced it gif like jiffy. I believed her.
Its gif like george or gerald get over it
I love the jraphical interchange format.
I agree, it's GIF. Not JIF. Anyone who thinks otherwise is a git.
I’d like to call you the *budget mythbuster* .
This guy is like the genius uncle that everyones has that knows everything
I will say it's pronounced Gee Eye Eff.
No, it's pronounced gif.
This takes me back to the water wet/not wet days
1:13 I agree with you here, but we both know English isn’t always consistent with rules
Subjectively, pronouncing 'g' as 'j' feels like an old-fashioned habit peculiar to English, and maybe more educated people are subtly aware that when they stumble upon a new word that going hard g is more likely to be correct given the usage of g in several other major Latin alphabet languages. Infamously, few people say 'jigawatts' these days, perhaps because it is a term that is only relatively recently come into common usage as well as being a scientific term with which one would be more conscious of Latin/Greek roots.
HOW
Easiest way to settle this... It's pronounced like the word "gift".
I wonder if the Spanish call it “Hif”?
It's pronounced data btw
JEE AYE EFF. say the letters and you wont be wrong
Hi Tom! Being Dutch, I studied English and learned that the correct pronunciation can be quite a (fun) puzzle. It can be understood through tough thorough thought, though! Cheerio! 😄
Even if God came down to earth, just to tell me it's pronounced "jif" I'd turn away and say: "Alright then, Jod"
I just say yiff so everyone loses
English is hard.
it's JEFF  *LIAR*
someone build a neural network – with 50/50 "g" and "j" words, which start with 'gi' (picked at random) – with the answers to how they should be pronounced (excluding gif, itself, of course; as well as needing to only have one syllable), and feed it the word 'gif' i bet that it will decide on the "g" pronunciation; because human brains tend to, and human brains decided how to pronounce existing words
Popular things are often wrong.
Gif is for .gif and jif is for that .jiff file now google images likes so much
Wait scuba is an acronym?
I've said GIF from the beginning!!!
It's Graphics Interchange Format, not Jraphics. Period.
The correct answer is _"bleeph"?_
It's GIF, not JIF, because it stands for Graphics Interchange Format, graphics has a "g" sound not a "j" sound
ITS GIF FFS PEOPLE JUST ACCEPT IT AND MOVE ON
Tom has the best green screen
It’s pronounced yiff
Plot twist : It's pronounced as Giraffe. We just don't know it yet.
I guess it's JIF. If I pronounce GIF, it sounds like gift but no 'th'
If you think about it you you don’t say jraphical you say graphical so technically it’s hard g
now tell me, data or data?
lets pull a dutch and pronounce it /ɣɪf/
Describing GIF as a "lossless" format bothers me more than the pronunciation. It's only lossless if you're willing to overlook some legal and technical history, and even today people only use GIFs for animation which typically uses a losy, limited color format.
Go watch Vlogbrothers' video on this for an actual answer.
jif gang
I came here reading the title feeling like "Oh, he's finally going to explain that it's pronounced with hard G"... at the end I went "what? the title clearly says...oooh"
What about Doge
Using Google dictation: I am glad we all pronounce it I am glad we I am glad we open outside giffnock tiff I'm glad we all pronounce it I am glad we all pronounce it gif and not Jeff I am glad we all pronounce it gif and not jiff.  Well. I had to say that multiple times because it seems Google would breakdown whenever I said gif. But got there eventually.
No y’all It’s pronounced *graphics interchange format*
Tbf if you see a new word and it starts with a g you will read it as a hard g until someone says otherwise.  That aside.  I pronounce it hif you to wind up the neckbeards :D
English is the most confusing language in the area of pronunciation only.
In finnish we pronounce things like we write it so I pronounce it how I write it gif.
AHA I KNEW IT IS PRONOUNCED "GIF" NOT "GIF"!
Perhaps you should pronounce words normally, you know like a normal language.
My personal approach is to just deliberately assume the "jif" heathens are referring to peanut butter rather than image files, and respond accordingly.  Either they eventually learn their lesson, or they stop bothering me. Win-win.
"And scoobeh isn't scuba" ... It should be ngl
What about digit (dijit)?
I thought the video was about how to make a GIF with sound lmao
J
I work for Giphy, we don't make peanut butter.  It's a hard G, for hard G's.
Why did you re-publish this?
I like to pronounce it as GIF more than GIF
Why is it pronounced JIF if it’s spelt GIF
So you're saying there are two town, one called Gillingham with a G like in "GIF" and the other one is called Gillingham with a G like in "GIF"?
answering 👏 the 👏 important 👏 questions
As a Brit, I prefer GIF with a hard G, as Jiff reminds me of an all purpose bathroom cleaner.
It's pronounced "jife."
Cards on the table, I pronounce it JIF because the hard G makes my throat hurt :/
I would say jive.
What if the “G” was silent all along
“Gift” take away “t” you get “Gif”
Its pronounced G.I.F i think
How is 70/30 not a landslide?
This is why english is stupid. For the longest I had some trouble spelling and the teacher says sound it out...  I was feeling stupid for a long time 😶
It's the creator. JIF it is.
we should replace rick rolling with this :)
The CORRECT answer is zhaif. Pisses off both the hard-g and the soft-g folks. :)
Its pronounced guh
Use jpg, better quality and there's no doubt about pronunciation.
It stands for Graphical Interchange Format, so I always took the hard G from Graphical as evidence enough to use a hard G.
what.. i pronounce it as GEE. AY. EF. :0
For me I think it came down to how close GIF is to Gift, my mind just read it as gift without the t.
No it's gif
It's prounced 'if'. Everyone knows that real Gs move in silence.
This is not the same issue ans Laurel vs Yanny, is it?
I always read it as ji ay ef.  I didn't even know people read it as gif/jif
It’s obviously gif not gif
It's not Jeff Joldblum.
Ok so it's gif?
It’s pronounced GIF.
It's neither of those. It's pronounced gif.
Yiff
As a gif myself it is pronounced gif with a g not a j
What if I use both gif and gif? 🤔
yiff
The decision you make is also, of course,  influenced by the languages you speak. It would be interesting polling different countries if they speak "gif" or "jif".
2:00 It's a victory for the yiffers
Oh boy, can't wait to see the comments here.
Dear Tom: in Spanish speaking countries its gif with a G so you should add us to the the gif with G group
i pronounce it letter by letter cause I'm big brain
Thank you so much for making this. Genuinely. This drives me absolutely crazy.
In Spanish we don’t have this problem, the writing systems has a set of rules that if you follow you can know with certainty how is pronounced even though you never heard or seen that word before
What if God came down one day and just said “Its pronounced ‘Jod” and then left.
I say Gjif.
Oh my god I just realized stupid  me call it G.I.F (: and in french...
I really appreciated the *Jraphics* used in your video.
just pronounce it "gee eye eff"
No,it's Gaujdhdhdjsbfxdudjdjsjxjf!!!
Surely the people of Gillingham and Gillingham should decide.
There's a *Gypsy* with a *giant giraffe* in the lobby, drinking *gin* with a *ginger gymnast* who looks like a *gigolo.* They want to discuss some business with you—I don't know the details, but that's the *gist* of it.  (It's actually an ambush, we'll all gang up on you and fight over the pronunciation of JIF.) ༼ つ ◕益◕ ༽つ
I say it neither ways, I saw G-I-F letter by letter
Dislike for being clickbait.
just say low resolution moving image
still calling it gif
I prefer saying gif
I personally prefer GIF with a G instead of a J sound, they are like gifts, and should be treasured. P.S. anyone have any other words that they think are pronounced one way, until you heard it? for me it's chitin, like cheese, but it's actually pronounced like kite.
Why try to pronounce it? It's a set of initials for a file format. No one tries to pronounce PDF, for example, they just say the letters. So I say GIF as "gee eye eff".
Imagine someone reading that poster and saying 'its pronounced jif not jif"
I always just read it as G-I-F, so I have both "juh" and "gi" camps attacking me
dude its not pronounced gif its pronounced gif 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
i always pronounced gif as jif
It would be weird if "gif" were not pronounced "gif". Every word is pronounced like itself.   Except "ghoti".  Also, if you make a poll and ask people: Do you pronounce "GIF" like "GIF" or like "JIF"? And if you make another poll and ask people: Do you pronounce "GIF" like "GIF" or like "GUIF"? How many people will answer "GIF" both times?
Epic Gillingham Dorset moment
It's pronounced Jif, if you don't pronounce it this way you're wrong
I hate when people say "its spelled like this so it sounds like this" comparing it to one specific word that's similar. The English language has different pronunciations for the same spellings or combination of letters, so it really doesn't work as an argument.
My name's Djeff
Okay, I'm gonna pronounce it     "Soundless video"
I say gif but I don't really care if people say gif.
ITS JIF NOT GIF
Imagine creating a wholeass image format just for a bunch of people to mispronounce it on purpose
1.2 million views for explaining a word
It's yiff, how long must I prophetize until the truth comes to light?
WAIT, LASER IS AN ACRONYM?!
I think its gif like gift
I love how you always wear like the same type of clothes, just like Bill Gates. Decision fatigue, am I right?
Zhaif for Laif!! 😋 Reminds me of an old youtube PBS Idea Channel video! As much as the hipster in me wants to say "Zhaif" ironically everytime, my Brian has the popular Gif hardwired.
Used to be called Jif back in my day. Then it became cif! What next! Stupid world
What about *G I F*
No it's NOT.
TIL that “laser” is an acronym
i will face jod himself to fight the "jif" pronounciation
GIF ❤️💐😌☠️🧑🧒😂😍👁😉🍽👩🏼‍🦰😭💕😢😊💡👨🏿‍🦳😡😱👅😄👩‍🦱👩‍🏫😘👍😿👏👩🧐
u coulda just put jif or gif in subtitle
hahahahah I KNEW IT WAS JIF!
If gif is pronounced jif then graphical is pronounced jraphical
The real villains are the ones who won't choose between pronouncing Wifi as ''Wyfy'' or ''WeeFee'', so they go with ''Wifey''
Honestly I just say jif to annoy my brother
Let's just pronounce it g'jif and call it a day
Schopit AHHHHHH
Reply to this comment ‘Gif’ or ‘Jif’
The creator's wrong it's gif
really? I pronounce it... jif or maybe equally both? I don't know.
I had been trying to make people convinced that it is Jif and nobody listened:(
You know what, I'm gonna split from everyone and pronounce it "yiff"
This guy looks like an older version of Jake Verda...
PNG is pronounced Ping
You had me at Gin
Instruction unclear, I ended up in a cartel.
Its pronounced gee-I-ef
You pronounce GIF like G in "garage".
Jif is a fecking household abrasive cleaner 🙄
Imagine actually pronouncing it "gif"  This post was made by the gif gang
New title: How a peanut butter brand started a world war
Am I the only one who feels like he's seen this video long back? It's a very strong deja vu ..
english sucks
Its GAIFE
If you look at ye olde English it's actually pronounced yiff.
Why does everyone think it's gif? It's obviously gif.
I guess in India most say it jif  BTW devnagiri has no such problems it is written as spoken No need of phonetics  जिफ
Wrong,  it's pronounced gif
GIF>GIF
0:35 - I have to Excuse you there, Tom.  As the purveyors of the English language (us the British/English) - I feel it is our right, no Duty, to correct our misspeaking American cousins from Bastardising (NOT Bastardizing) our Language.🇬🇧👌  I mean for god sakes, they can't say Aluminium or Craig right... Imbecilic supine protoplasmic invertebrate jellies.  And as such, The American who invented Gif is WRONG, it is NOT pronounced JIF 👍
Can someone stop people from calling it SeQueL, please?
My name is JIF
lot of salt in these comments
JIF is too close to yiff for my liking.
No way.... Definitely more common to pronounce as "jif" in the US...
its gif for me (not jif) because English is not my native language and it would sound really weird for us.
No, It's pronounced GIF
Does psycholinguistics take into account whether your brain already has, essentially, already allotted a place for a given pronunciation?  If I look at a word with two possible pronunciations and I'm already using one for something else (e.g., Jif brand peanut butter), I might be less likely to add a homophone to my lexicon than just to create a new pronunciation. It seems easier.  My mom exclusively bought Jif peanut butter. And, for some reason, my family just said Jif instead of peanut butter (a la Chapstick for lip balm or Kleenex for tissues). "Are we  out of Jif?" was a common sentence in our house in the 90s.  tl;dr I wonder if people who were already familiar with using the Jif pronunciation for peanut butter are more likely to be in the Gif pronunciation camp.
Inventor named it, use it.
Then it is 'jay' for 'gay' !! So this whole thing just came to make it easy. It becomes easy for people to come out and say, "Hey, I am Jay!". /s
JIF is a peanut butter company. GIF is an animated image
And then you come to Australia where ‘Jif’ is a brand of cleaning fluid...
0:21 the real answer  even the creator said  ' Its pronounced "JIF" not *"GIF"* '  😂
Nowadays GIF is pronounced as "MP4".
Only you could make this topic interesting
No it’s gif
I think in terms of the acronym when I justify it, whereas ihop is my example, everyone says {eye hop} but if we were going with the hard G, based on the individual parts of the acronym, it would be pronounced {eh hope} and that's just wrong. If anyone tries to take me to an eh hope I'm blocking their phone number and avoiding them at all costs.
Tom: It's pronounced GIF Me: Listen here, you little s...
Just call it "short animated clips from the internet" SACFTI
_G_raphics _I_nterchange _F_ormat: Hard G, short I, ph*cking "F" phor phuc's sake: Guh, i, PH! Done with this nonsense, if you want a jar of peanut butter, go buy some JIF. If you want to interchange low res graphics on your computilo from back in the day, it's pronounced GIF...
I just say G-I-F
In my opinion, if one pronunciation is spelled 'gif' and the other is changed to 'jif', it's already admitting that the latter pronunciation is meant for a different word.
I use them interchangeably bc they’re equally valid. Once I played Kahoot as “Jifgif.”
GIF>JIF
It has to be hard-G GIF for me, because soft-G JIF is what you'd use to clean your bathroom.
That title is amazing
.. my name is jeff..
It's definitely GIF, GIF just sounds wrong.
Jof
the real question tho is: Is it java with a "y" or a "dj"?
The correct answer is of course ... [abrupt ending]  Me: The sacred texts!!..
It's actually G-I-F
giphy is a website that contains gifs.  jiffy is a short span of time.  I would like to keep these two things seperate, thankyou.
its pronounced gyphe
You mean Jretchen, right?  Jraffics by William Marker.  Audio by Jraham Haerther
Jif is an old school cleaning product. I say Gif with the hard g because it makes sense.
We're arguing GIF and JIF over here. Obviously you know what side I'm on.
I disagree, I think it's pronounced gif
I’ve always read the word as G.I. F. And never tried to say it. I think I choose a pronunciation based on how I’ve heard others pronounce it. Until now I don’t think I’ve ever heard the word gif, only read it whereas Jay-peg is a common word. How is PDF pronounced?
chåt was here
See the real problem here is English. It's my language but I don't have to be happy about it! :P
2:01 JIFers: we were on the verge of greatness, we were this close
There is no right answer
If it is pronounced GIF (JIF), that is peanut butter. The peanut butter has been around a lot longer.
In Dutch, "gif" means poison
its literally gift without the t
TIL Scuba is an acronym
Say graphic. Now say GIF.
Am I the only one who pronounces it as *G-I-F*
i pronounce it as gee-ay-ef to avoid any confusion
What gif the g in gif is silent?
There is a technical problem at the end just at the reveal of the correct pronounciation. Please fix, as I want to hear which one is correct in the end.
Конечно "гиф", никто не говорит "джиф". Бред какой-то. :D
My enthusiastic reaction to the end of this video can be summarized as: Thanks I hate it. 😂  Well played.
i like gif rather jif that's why i use it. that's my story
I use both pronunciations at random times. Idk, I'm a crazy dude...
I pronounce uppercase "GIF" with a hard 'G', but lowercase "gif" with a 'j'. It just comes out naturally.
You mean it's not gee-eye-eff?
I literally switch between the two.
imagine if god came down one day and says "it's pronounced 'jod'" and just leaves
Giraffe,  Jif
English orthography is such a mess, gotta love making fun of it.
Jif is a cleaning product in my country
jif it sounds better for me :D
so we pretending that we don't interchange them randomly
The answer is who gives a shot ❤️
The correct answer is: ABCDEF Gif. Get it ? It's jif. Otherwise Java is gava. Wait, Java and gava are the same thing then ?
Tom has quarantine doing ok to you?? You ok?
Spanish: Guif Italian: Ghif
And here I say G - I - F
Luckily in Dutch its pronunciation is straightforward and it's even a long-existing word meaning "poison" (how ironic).
I've always pronounced it as gif.
In Dutch I always say KHif
Am I the only one who didn’t know laser was an acronym. I am ashamed.
ji ai ef....idk it's an acronym
gif for me
Ok i dont ca-
Where my GIF gang at?  All my homies hate the JIF gang
I've never head an Aussie call it Jif, because we have a cleaning product called Jiff so that's taken. GIF is the way to go. Never even considered saying it with a J. How absurd.
"it's a victory for the jiffers" isn't a sentence I expected to hear, but God knows I'm using that out of context
honestly we should just let the inventor decide how to pronounce it since it's his invention. would be so much easier than...this.
I Honestly Don't Know Which Way To Pronounce It, Neither Of Them Really Sound Wrong To Me, And I Can't Remember The Last Time I've Needed To Actually Say It.
The class kids when the two smartest kids have diffrent answers (sorry for the  not so good English)
Yay I can keep calling it “jif”
Who's Jeff ?
GIF TEAM FTW
it's "JIF" if you feel like being an a-hole that day
I call Gifts 'Jifts' and people became annoyed so that was that argument settled.
I just read/say it as G-I-F
Obviously the spelling should be Lazer. Cause the z is cooler. And the pronounciation matches.
I don't care how much people make fun of me I'm saying jif.
when i was little i always pronounced it G-I-F until i hit the 7th or 8th grade when i heard an argument on the bus on how to pronounce it. after that i pronounced it both ways.
Its gif dummies
J already exists. Why the F do english have to make G sound like J?   And Gif is a Gift to mankind.
This is one of those few occasions where the creator named their creation wrong. Just plain wrong. It's GIF, not "JIF"
I say Ji EYE ef
As a kid, I’d pronounce it as “jif”, but I heard “it’s not “jif” it’s “gif”” so much that I changed my pronunciation because people seemed to get so incensed about it that I didn’t want anyone to get mad at me for pronouncing it “wrong”  :P
I just say "G" "I" "F", just the letters, like as in most of the acronyms
As a kid, I’d pronounce it as “jif”, but I heard “it’s not “jif” it’s “gif”” so much that I changed my pronunciation because people seemed to get so incensed about it that I didn’t want anyone to get mad at me for pronouncing it “wrong”  :P
My life has been a lie!
Do you pronounce it as nijjer?
What can you say about a gif but not a gf “They aren’t made up”
The correct answer, is, of course, jaife.
It's a common problem with acronyms. The general understanding is that the common usage of the acronyms pronunciation need have nothing to do with the words that the acronym represents. So if you want to say Jiff when referring to Graphical Information Format (GIF) you are perfectly justified and anyone who has a problem can go soak their head.  This isn't the only acronym with this problem. In fact, most acronyms beginning with hard diphthongs like gr, gl, sh, gw, and ch will probably have this issue.
I'm on the side of if the person who invented it says it's pronounced a certain way, that way in undoubtedly the correct way.  Like, my name is Gian.  It's pronounced like John and has been for who knows how long that name has existed.
If you narrow it down to a techie context, hard g is more consistent based on gig(abyte) and git (source control), and also disambiguates pronunciation of the .jif file extension.
It's actually pronounce G.I.F ( jee-eye-eff )
In all honestly: when the GIF creators labeled the soft "G" as "official" pronunciation, I stopped taking them seriously
I use both with no particular pattern. It is kind of randomized
My name is jeff .
I say Jif, but I support Gif, ???
It's gif with a hard G.  If you say it like jif, than I'm sorry you are beyond help and should be sent to a special island.  I mean it's short for Graphics Interchange Format.  I don't say Japhics so why on earth would the letter sound change?
Choosey programmers choose Gif. (pronounced Jif).
Since GIF stands for Graphics Interchange Format, the g in GIF should be pronounced with a hard  sound, just like the word it stands for. Any other interpretation is nonsense.
It’s the same for jalapeno
jeff
What about among all words that start with (or contain the string) "gif"?
*I pronounce it as* *_"jif"._*  *Because if "gin" is pronounced as* *_"jin",_* *then* *_"gif"_* *is pronounced as* *_"jif"._*
God himself could descend from the heavens look my in the eye and tell me its pronounced "jif" and I'd say he's wrong
Why does Oxford say GIF is a lossless format? It’s Lossy.
It's pronounced whichever way I feel like pronouncing it until paid otherwise, and I'll just punch in the face anyone who believes otherwise automatically.
Until Graphic is pronounced Girrafics It is Gif
I refuse to believe this
We all figured out jpeg correctly without YouTube telling us how to say it, so I recon we're right about gif too
GIF is pronounced whichever way you read this comment in your head
It's pronounced gif not gif
actually its pronounnced yiff
The issues presented in this video explain why even after watching the movies and talking to other people I still pronounce Dobby, with a long "o" sound
I say gif but I prefer jif honestly
Am I the only one that just says "G-I-F"?
No I always have and always will say gif
gif is pronounced gif, not gif
How is this a debate? The guy who invented the acronym says that it is pronounced 'jif'. End of story.
It's pronouced gif, but I also like the sound of ʤif so I occasionally use it, but most of the time I say gif.
Lets pronounce it JAYF while we’re at it since ‘i’ is pronounced AY!
1:24 Hello. I'm from Poland and we just pronounce laser just like you did. xS
YES! THANK YOU!
I prefer "gif" as in "gizzard" because it makes a better contrast to "jpeg."
I have a gif for ellie
Gif GifT
It's pronounced gif. Not gif.
Gif is a bitmap. Jif is peanut butter. /discussion
Gif not jif
I have an idea: just mind your own business and solve more important things
1:24 Spanish: Allow me to introduce myself
If you're a programmer who pronounces it "jif", I sure hope you also go around talking to people about "jit" and "jithub". You know, in the name of consistency :D.
Excellent video and your delivery is hilarious, but accurate.
It’s actually pronounced GIF
The g is actually silent
it's jeef
In german it's pronounced GIF, so that is what counts for me🤷🏻‍♂️
The only way that you will get me to call GIF files 'JIF' is if you all start calling JPEGs 'GayPegs'.
I want to see Tom’s closet
It’s pronounced with the g in ‘garage’
Wait, is this a re upload?
Can always pronounce with the spelling 'Giff' so it could mean Gif anf not Jif.
The G stands for graphics, therefore it would be gif with a hard G. And all the people that say it's "jif" because of giraffe apparently haven't given a gift to a git before.
That one small group of ppl who just say the letters, not as a word
in southern dialect vietnamese, it would unironically be pronounced "yiff"
Shoutouts to anyone who remembers ʒaɪf from PBS Idea Channel
It's pronounced WILL-heet.
I will say the j sound until the day I die.
This is just ThioJoe's video but reskinned.
There was a poll for all english speaking facebook users in 2017 or 2018 and we (G, not j) won
In Italy we say GIF (in the "correct" way)
Actually its gee eye eff
jraphic interchange format
How about debating which one is the strong G? To me, the G in "gin" requires more effort, and therefore, it feels "harder", whereas G in "gas" is pronounced in a soft way, with little effort.
The worst thing is hearing all of my Uni classmates pronouning .wav as it's spelt in that extension instead of wave.
If someone pronounces Graphics Image Format as "Jraffics" and Gif and "Jiff" I don't want to know them.
What if... we pronounced it as the acronym? Similarly to P D F we could say G I F.
Acronym is short for arcane capturing rod of never yielding mystery
Guys, it's _obviously_ "dot ji-ai-EFF"
It's a soft 'g' because choosy programmers choose gif, not gif.
I switched from JIF to GIF when I was 14
Is it weird I just call it Gee Aye Eff :|
The male name Tony should be spelled Ptoughkneigh.
NO ITS PRONOUNCED GIF NOT GIF
"JIF"
I call it Jee Eye Eff to prevent any controversy around the ppl I knoe
You can see this guy wants it to be Gif with a hard G but is trying really hard not to say that XD
With the acronyms you used, the letters that get their pronunciation scuffed are all in the word, not at the beginning, maybe look into that?
If only people got this passionate about contested pronunciations of the letter C. Is it "Seltic" or "Keltic"? The world may never know.     (Yes, I am aware that "Keltic" is the more broadly accepted pronunciation for historical reasons. Just saying.)
The softer J-sounding gif is more comfortable for my oral posture. I move more muscles for a hard G. /shrug
In spanish it has always been Gif, never Jif. Probably this multicultural exchange that is internet without knowing you accepted it aswell
What about “yif”? Like when a Spanish speaker says job... that’s how I sometimes look at it
GIF is/was pronounced in three, not two ways -  with a soft g, with a hard g and as three letters just as LED should be. ;)  I had never heard the unit of measure pronounced and assumed that it was with a hard g (and it will be in a few years through infrequent use in spoken language and assumption eventually becoming fact), and never seen a female ferret's noun written and assumed incorrectly (as does Wikipedia) it was Jill, not gill.
yiff
Thanks Tom your a Lejend.
This isn't up for debate, it's pronounced "GIF"
All of the people I know pronounce it jif
Hey I say G i f like I  say each letter on its own.
Gillingham being two different towns with two different pronunciations really pissed me off
JIF is peanutbutter. for most people, they automatically already recognize "jif" that way, so GIF as "gif" seems more natural.
People also say "gee eye eff", like that's their pronunciation of GIF.  I personally think it's GIF but I don't care either
For the people who pronounce gif as jif, do you also say Jod instead of God?
It gif and if you say gif your an idiot
It's pronounced "Darryl" (which makes as much sense as "JIF").
Yet more proof that the English language is a hodgepodge of unrelated languages that came before, and ones that don't play nicely together. G is a lot like C, in that it's bad that we use it to represent two different sounds. Honestly Q and C just need to go, and we need to start spelling Giraffe, Jiraf. While we're at it, we should bring back thorn, because saving a keystroke everytime I write 'the' would be REALLY nice! Þe.
Its GIF! Choosy mothers choose JIF.
Jif is correct but I like saying gif
It’s pronounced psd
The current inhabitants of St. Louis don't pronounce it like the founders of the city did.
I mean, out of all the example words there 'gift' is the only one where an 'f' follows the 'gi' like it does in the word 'GIF'. So I would argue that 'GIF' is pronounced the same way as 'gift'.
english problems require english solutions.
2:01 Why didn't somebody invent one more word with a j sound in the beginning?
I'm Danish, and rather interestingly I pronounce it Jif in English and Gif in Danish xD
Choosy Moms Choose GIF
In French I say /djif/, and in English I say /gif/. Soo..
It pronounce jif
I will die with my honor before I say JIF
no it’s pronounced gee eye ffff
Your forehead so big Thanos had to clap
gif not jif the only way to explain the spelling jif is jif but it's written gif and the only way to explain that is ofc gif  so i choose gif
actually its gif
0:23  What a legend
TFW you open your mouth and the letters "GIF" come out.
It’s pronounced gif
I started pronouncing it as JIF out of spite. Now I can't stop and will automatically call it JIF.
I spell it out to avoid the argument
In Spanish we don't have this problem.
For me the acronym reasoning works but leaning towards the importance of the leading syllable - hard G for graphics but unforunately 'Lazer' in US English became reasonable   bit like calling Bath, Barth - we all judge you for the same reasons.
The g is pronounced like the g in gigantic. 👍
Am i the only one whose life has been ruined by the realization that laser is an acronym?
This will never end. I always say  "jif" not "gif" but I'm not the majority it seems.
I wonder how people who pronounce it "ghiff" pronounce the country Niger :D
It's Jeff.
Give Jive. <3
here's a hint: There's only one g in the thumbnail
I pronouce GIF as "jif" because it sounds better next to "jpeg".
The G stands for Graphics, not Jraphics. I refuse to side with the soft G pronunciation.
That’s just factually incorrect, It’s GIF!
Why does the soft G exist? Just use J.
jif
The moment I saw Gif I said Jif  It was just faith
Tom should've pronounced every single "g" in this video opposite to how it's supposed to be just to mess with people.
People: debating on jif or gif Me: Who Pronounces it  G '. 'I '.'  F
G-I-F
S C U B B A H
sorry, i'm not saying gif with a J, it's too close to... Furries...
has the creator ever explained _why_ it's a soft g when it stands for "graphics"?
Y’all stupid, it’s gif!
It's pronounced VIF. Short for video, and some other words.
Yea, its GIF.
The G stands for Graphic. Therefore you use a G sound. End of discussion.
It's pronounced "yiff"
Pronouncing GIF with a soft g is a different word. It's a brand of peanut butter: Jif
I’m a madman who uses them interchangeably - I use it with the hard G more though.
is there any geographical/social/economic correlation to each pronunciation? then we can treat it as something cultural, like an accent.
I'm now going to pronounce JPEG like J Pheg. Nothing can stop me from doing this.
Gif means poison in dutch. Just sayin'....
Nah it's "jee-eye-ef" like if you were to slur  spelling out the acronym G - I - F
I recognize the council has made a decision, but given that it's a stupid ass decision, I've elected to ignore it.
'It's a victory for the jiffers'
Ghiratina or Jiratina? Ghengar or Jengar?
It’s not “gif”, it’s “gif”, stupid.
Jif
Phonetical consistency is what makes me hate english sometimes... is simply a no rule language that somehow has... rules...
Gif! I don't care what the creator wanted.
Hol' up I never knew laser is an acronym
I’m old enough to remember when gifs were the sole form of movement you could put on a webpage because of dial up, and it was pronounced ‘jiff’ then.  I will die on this hill.
Jif
Jif sounds stupid. Gust saying.
Everyone here wondering if it's pronounced this way or that way, I'm here wondering how tf did I get this in the recommended.
I heard people calling F.A.Q -> faKK Now I call it faKYU
In JPEG the P isn't short for Potography? Did you know Photography also starts with P?
What gif the g is silent?
I've been calling it JEE EYE EFF all my life
I don't care what the creator says, he's stupid.
*G I R A F F E*
It’s pronounced /Jod/
Jif the fox
Everyone who says jif goes to hell because they will get to the pearly gates and call god "jod"
Gif
"It's pronounced 'Jod' "
I could have sworn I have seen this video before...
its pronounced gif
It’s very interesting, as my native language is German, I naturally would say GIF and not JIF since there are no, or very few, words with a G pronounced as a J. At least to my knowledge.
It's clearly JIF. I mean you can easily tell it's JIF when you play one...anyone with a jraphics card can see for themselves.
It's G.I.F.  geeiheff
On most of your videos, the right ear of my headphones has a slight thumping or deep tapping sound. Doesn’t happen on other channels and happens with different headphones. 🤷🏼‍♂️
gif > gif
Schif
I'm still confused
Wrong.
GIF Change my Mind
Correct pronunciation is Гif.
If we want to get really pedantic... I don't like how GIF is considered a "lossless format"... Most GIF's have literally transparent sections if the pixels do not change. You might argue that if the pixels do not change, they don't need to be there... But it still is a loss of information. Data is literally not present, and it relies on other data to be present, in order to look how it is supposed to look. Information can be reconstructed, yes, but the actual information has been lost. It is not there... Hence, it is lost.
Maybe it's pronounced GIF as in GIFTED..                      Thank me later
So what's it called? Are we back to square one?
It's pronounced like the "g" in garage.
guys can yall shut up? its gif not gif!!
It will always "jif" for us Italians
I can only assume that people who pronounce it with a hard G are not offended if someone insists on mispronouncing their names.
The creator pronounces it wrong
I pronounced it bruh all the time
I like saying jif
God comes down. “It’s pronounced Jod” rapture then commenced.
Wait this isn't fakejake
It's GIF no matter what the "inventor" says.
So uh, you're a part of the problem my guy. I think you shouldn't keep stirring the pot and just let this argument die organically and stop milking
When you're norwegian and put Gin ang Gel in the red corner
The obvious solution is to start pronouncing it "yiff" so that no one gets to be happy.
im a gif person
I think Jif is better since then you don't confuse it with gift
Lets be real, the correct way to say it is "jife"
The fact that the guy had to say it “JIF” with a J proves its gif
We pronounce words, but is it proNOUNciation as you said, or should it be proNUNciation?  Well I only arsked!
no.
If the creator had to write on a slide "It's pronounced 'JIF' not 'GIF'" then he's already lost the argument for calling it a "Jif".
Terrific video, really enjoyed thanks
Me who says it as G    I     F calling them from their names of their letters
1:13 Exposed
yes of course jif like jaraje, jlee, jlue, and jreen. oh and it's pronouced gaypeg not jaypeg. also it's suck that you don't know how to pronounce your own invention.
Its GIF u boomer >:(
We pronounce gift wrong
I read the title with a pronounciation in my head, thinking you advocated for it, until the end when I realized my brain replaced what was written with what /it/ read.
Scuba is pronounced as Tuba is, and the p from jpeg would never be pronounced as ph, as it's a single p!
Thank you for being on the correct side of this debate
I always used to pronounce each letter 😆😆
In spanish it would be pronounced HIF, no thank you
70% is the winner clearly.  Society determines the pronunciation and definition of words, they evolve over time. No matter the original intent.  Jiff is peanut butter in America, and speedy in Britain. so Gif is the preferred pronunciation.
So I was on the right side of history
is this a reupload
It’s a hard g.
Ok I'll pronounce it as gif from now
We follow the guy who created it, simple and easy. If somebody mispronounced your name and insists on you that his way of pronunciation is the right one, that'd be kinda screwed up.
Funfact: gif in Dutch means poison
In the Netherlands we say GIF but with the dutch kind of G, you know, the one most of you guys can’t even say
You're all normies. ʒaɪf for laɪf.
It was actually pronounced yiff
Someone looked it up and it said yiff
In Germany we say GIF
Its گیف not جیف
if i were to enter heaven and god himself told me that it was pronounced "JIF", i would walk backwards into hell while flipping him off and say "alright see you later Jod"
it's pronounced "yiff"
I have never read it jif or gif. I always read it as g-i-f
1. it's spelled as gif, not jif 2. Jif is peanut butter, gif is a picture
I say “jif” and whenever I would say it around my friend they would always be like “noo its pronounced gif” anyways it was so annoying like who gives a crap I like saying jif dont get your knickers in a knot who df cares 😭
You actually say it gif
I originally thought it was gif, but then someone convinced it was actually gif... But after this video I think I'll go back to pronouncing it gif
Guhh-GIF idc what Oxford Dictionaries say.
If you look at English words, sure, but "gif" is a global word now, in every language. To be fair you'd have to see how other languages have opted to pronounce it. If the inventor doesn't get to decide how it's pronounced, neither should his mother tongue.
I didn't even realise why I decided to pronounce it with a J, but the fact my name starts with a J sound is probably why..
The problem is soft gs are inconsistent. There's gift, but also giraffe
Laser is an acronym? I’m embarrassed I didn’t question it.
easy，github or jithub
There's a simple answer for this, and that is avoidance of confusion. We need to be able to distinguish between the .GIF format and the .JIF format. Yes, it exists and is also an image format.
Well I mean the guy who invented it, should decide how we say it. Just like Nutella.
If you say GIF instead of GIF don’t talk to me
Of related interest: Notice that the term 'gif' continues to be used as a word for all short, slient animations even though modern software is more likely to use APNG or MPEG-4? The word is almost certain to outlive the format, which is now well on the way to obsolescence.
Dutch people usually pronounce it /ɣɪf/. That's how those letters would  be pronounced if it were a Dutch word. In fact, it is a Dutch word, meaning "poison".
The gif debate is a secret undercover cult to Gork and Mork.
Anyone who pronounces it JIF is an idiot, including the guy who came up with the acronym.
and this is why i pronounce it AS JEE AY EFF HAHAHAHAHA
I'm gonna start calling it "Graphics Interchange Format"
after the creator said jif.  it made more sense to me as a Portuguese speaker, so I started to pronounce jif and not guif as before.
I'm gonna remember everything in this video to destroy my friends (yes I'm a terrible person)
I'd like to interject that tom was totally going to say that the pronounciation is yif
You can make something and still be wrong
i read it as G.I.F, sounding each letter😕
I pronounce it "jif" because a soft j sounds better to me than a hard g. That's it. I don't care if I'm wrong or not, it sounds more pleasing to me that way and for the longest time I was just reading it myself not speaking it to other people.
I have never heard any one but the most sarcastic of hard core I.T geeks use Jif.... O and 2014 is super relevant data set for 2020....
Am I the only one who say "Gee Eye Eff"
I was influenced by my native Spanish in this one. "Jif" was never an option as G isn't pronounced like that in any instance. So, you'd think "Gif" would've won by default right?  There was, however, "Hif"...
Where my old Idea Channel watchers at? it's zhaif for me ever since
yea but is it data or data
What witchcraft is this
My name's GEFF.
I listen to how the person I'm talking to pronounces it, then pronounce it the opposite way to annoy them.
People for some reason argue about if its gif or jif but dont argue about how Caesar is pronounced. See-zur is the latin way to pronounce it. The actual english pronounciation is Kaisar. Noone asked how to pronounce his name to Caesar either. They just saw that See-zur was more common than Kaisar so they adopted the pronounciation. Same topic with this aswell. Its supposed to be jif but gif is more common so despite jif being correct it is not valid.
The correct pronunciation is, of course, /hif/ as in Spanish
My argument has always been that jif is peanut butter
Lesson learned: it is pronounced as gif and another lesson.    Most of us just come to comments just for jokes.  Edit: another lesson.  Noone gives a damm about it.
Laser is an acronym? Ok.
idk, i pronounce it as "ГИФ"
G-I-F.
its funny that you can have this exact same argument about multiple words. the pronunciation of scone is one of my favourite, I used to think it was regional differences but thats not really the case. Anywho, my brain goes automatically to "scone" as in "bone" "cone" "phone" etc.
Gif me some gif to spread on my sandwich
I'm going with "Giff" because "Jiff" doesn't sound right unless it's described as a noun which it isn't. Reasoning for this that my brain seems to like is [G] => [GI] => [GIF](t). The only words I know that have the letter pattern of G, followed by I, followed by F, is "Gift" for example. Add more letters and things start to get a little bit fucky, however: Gif[(t), (fy), (fgaff)] but generally the only* word one comes up with beyond the f is generally "gift" which creates it's association in my mind. I don't know of any other words that start with "gif" that are pronounced with a hard "j" sound other than "giffy".  In a word comparison of 2 to 1, "Giff" sounds the most correct to me. But you know, English is stupid with it's 300 million exceptions for everything. All these stupid little nuanced pairings of letters changing how you pronounce something is rather annoying and a nightmare for anyone attempting to bloody well learn it.
It's yiff but people don't have the balls to pronounce it like that
Gjiff sounds similar to yiff
ĞIF is the best one!!!
it's GIF, not GIF smh
Something I think that was at play. Back in the 90's there was a brand of cleaner called Jif. I think people who used that subconsciously used the hard g GIF pronunciation to distinguish them.
So what I got from this is that I am pronouncing jpeg, laser, and scuba wrong. its lahsahr, scahbah
Pronounced with a hard g because it stands for GRAPHICS INTERCHANGE FORMAT
this is the same argument ive always made about it. i knew i wasnt wrong
Its GIF. because the other way of GIF sounds like JIF which is peanut butter
In spanish we do have pronounciation rules, so this isn't a problem
So, what is correct answer gif or gif?
Let's just settle it with a Spanish pronunciation /xif/.
I agree it’s gif but why is Geoff pronounced Jeff? 🤔
We I pronounce it ge ai if
I called it "Jee Aaye Eef" but now I won't
It's pronounced 'Gif' because that's the way the G in graphical is pronounced
Its gif, not jraphics.
Am I the only one who says "G I F"
You can settle the psycholinguistics angle by reverse engineering it with the poll that's already been done, proving that most people instinctively read it with a hard g
I‘m terrified of people who say gif and not jif
well i pronounced it as g-i-f so i have no problem
I switch between the two precisely because it upsets people for some reason
WITH A STRONG G if someone pronounces my name as "Jiffi" i'll be mad
im a 70%'er
But I like to pronounce it like gif
Even in French we pronounce it /gif/
Best title ever!!!
There’s two ways of spelling and pronouncing every word.
its not gif its gif
i speak Slovak and its just straight up g, if it was j then it would be written dž. i read it the Slovak way as i pronounce most of english with Slovak pronounciation mostly
as someone who grew up speaking german it's obviously GIF with a "g" not a "dj"
I once heard or read someone suggest (might even have been a video of yours years ago?) that since it can be either a single image or an animated, we could split up the pronounciation and have a clear vocal indicator for which one we are then talking about. Doesn't seem to have caught on yet... (I would personally suggest hard G sound for the animated one if offered the option to decide)
Hmm. I tried to apply a non-English logic to this, by thinking of my own language and I hit the same wall, because the letter G by itself CAN and IS read with both pronunciations, "dge" and "ghe". So I'm stumped and I'll keep using the hard G because... Well, because that's how I've always read GIF, even before I knew there was a debate.
Hard-g /gif/ is a picture. Soft-g /jif/ is a peanut butter brand...
It's actually called "small moving image" or SMI
1:11 - this section, especially JPEG got me as a hard G GIF person
I can't believe some people pronounce it "gif", it's clearly pronounced "gif."
The creator has never been more wrong about his own creation's pronunciation smdh
Anyone who pronounces it "Jif" is a heathen and gets a slap from me.
*watches video with high skepticism*
For me it has always been "Gif" with a hard G because that's way closer to my mother tongue. In German "Gi-" Will almost always be Gif and not jiff.
Thank you
So is it Gif or Gif ?
Since this format is almost obsolete,  it doesn't actually matter.
I read the word gif before i heard it so i pronounce it as Gif not Jif because that's how pronunciation works in my native language. also because /dʒ/ is awkward to pronounce since we dont use it.
it's pronounced jod, not God
How is this posted 2 days ago while pinned comment is 1 month ago like??
The awkward moment you use both 😅😅
It’s gheef
The old English word it’s based off of is pronounced y i f f
I've just been pronouncing it "gee iy eff"
Ah yes psycholinguistics, not to be confused with psycho linguists, the people writing research papers on the right way to pronounce "gif".
In the UK it we used to call it Jif then, for reasons unbeknownst to me, it became Cif... Oh wait, that's bathroom cleaner.
2020: 5308
I just call it by letters just to be safe
"Jif" rolls off the tounge better to me, so I'll use jif. I dont care if its right or wrong, everyone knows what im saying and its easier for me to say
Haha funny thing. I just pronounced it as G-I-F all my life
Alright juys, I'm jonna jet some really jood chicken nujjets now.  Oof, those were some spicy nujjets, I jotta jo to the bathroom.
It's either gif or gif, end of story 😂!
I don’t like hard G GIF because it sounds life gift.  JIF doesn’t sound like anything but GIF
This is all solved by phonetic languages like Italian: Italians always called it dʒɪf and none of them ever had a doubt about it ;-) To pronounce it ɡɪf with the hard G, in Italian it should have been written as ghif (the H makes the G sound hard).
Then there's me on the 0.1% pronouncing it as g i f
I just pronounce it Gif
Гиф!
It also depends on the reader's background. For exemple, if they have a non English mother tongue. In my language, for example, it is the rule that a 'g' followed by an 'i' will always be pronounced as "ji", and if you want the pronunciation to be "gi" as in "gift", you need to put a 'u' in between the 'g' and the 'i' (so you'd write "gui" to make it sound as in "gift"). That would make it such that I would have a tendency to read "gif" as "jif".
Oh I known it doesn't matter just say the one you like
Am I the only one who reads it as Jee Aiii EFfff
I alternate between the two, because you can tick of one group or another by picking a side, but you can tick off both camps by simply being inconsistent.
This made me more confused than ever
It iz tym tu chaynj awl inglish spelings.
Im croatian and in our language, every letter is always pronounced the same and the letter "G" is always the hard G for us. And since it is impossible for it to be pronounced jif in our language, the correct option is GIF (hard g).
I prefer "jif". But regardless of whether you prefer to pronounce it as "gif" or "jif, I think we can all agree that it should never be pronounced as "yif".
I don’t care it’s still gif
Haha, imagine telling your mates that they should all come Self Contained Underwater Breathing Aparatus diving with you. That'd be so weird when you don't have friends 😂
It’s GIF not JIF
nah its deffo gif
Only Americans are pronouncing it incorrectly.
Only a madman pronouncing it as /dʒɪf/
I just found out that "laser" and "scuba" are acronyms
I've always pronounced it as GIF with a J
I analyze this differently, start with the options of how to pronunciation the word, then determine what are the ways that pronunciation could be spelled. If one pronunciation could be spelled only one way and that is the spelling, then that is the pronunciation. Since gif can only be spelled gif and jif could be spelled jif or gif, gif must be pronounced gif.
Jraphics Interchange Format. This is how JIF people sound to me
It's actually pronounced *YIFF*      UwU
Poob or Ploob
If the creator says it's 'Jif' it is like that.
Its yiff. End of story, nobodies happy
You see in the titel. Speaking is almost nothing Like writing. Luckily there are special symbols for ~spoken~ words and ~soumds~.
Very good lingustic description. This situation annoys me: “You are studying (german) lingustic? So. Whats right? X or y?”
As an non native English speaker I would say for the same reason you say 'give', 'get' and 'go' you should say 'gif'
As an non native English speaker I would say for the same reason you say 'give', 'get' and 'go' you should say 'gif'
Jifffffffffff
The creator arguing that its dzsif is the equivalent to uno telling us that we can't stack +2, +4 cards
Stop pronouncing G as J. ez fix.
1:26 YES, IT IS.
In my head I say "gif", but since it's not even a word, go ahead and pronounce it any way you want.  Or just use flash cards.   ...Unless you're talking to each other, then please pronounce it "gif"... 😁
Weirdest thing right now is why his comment was a month ago while this video is just posted?
This video was a real GIFt
The only true way to pronounce it is Yif. Don't @ me.
jif
According to old English yiff
Ma name is jiff...
English is weird & it is pronounced gif
I pronounce it is "G" "I" "F" (like spelling it)
As a German person my Brain made it pronounced as a "g" because there aren'r any cases in german, were a "gi" gets pronounced as a "j"
I just read it in basic Icelandic pronunciation. Just happens to be exactly the same as the more popular English pronunciation. gif not jif.
It's gaf
"Why are you djeh?"
I have a kinda question/idea. Could you do a video on why we do not realise when things are changed ever so slightly! Such as a child stealing a length of chocolate! I wanna know why and it might be cool for your channel
"gjif" and it's settled
It's an acronym, not a word, so you can't really think about it etymologically.  It can be pronounced however you want, as long as the listener understands what you mean.  I prefer a hard "G" because of the fact that it represents the word "graphics" and also is a lot clearer and crisper when spoken than a "J" sound.  Also, and perhaps more importantly, it helps to distinguish it from JIF files, which are a real thing.
I don't know I'm torn between gif and gif.
No its not 😬 a g is a g and a j is a j  No more to say
Surely it's gif, not gif. Tom, I'll see you in a ji...
A missed opportunity to run an enormous amount of gifs next to Toms head, making it almost impossible to focus on what he's saying - sigh - I miss idea channel...
ok. this is the final time. gif or gif?
just invent the .JIF format so people have to say GIF not DJIF 🤷🏼‍♂️
You've heard it here folks, it's pronounced GIF. @ 2:31
I called it GIF all along
Easy solution; spell out the letters instead of saying it normally.   That is, until people who think it's spelt JIFF start showing up.
But no-one actually cares anymore, right?
being french, I always read it as zheef. no problem that way (gi is always zhee in french). In english I use jif because it's closer.
"LASER is not pronounced /ˈlasɛr/" Well... in Polish it is. When I read GIF I say /gif/ instead of /gIf/ (notice the small change in "I"?) While not entirety, Polish is more phonetically consistent than English.
God it would be nice if English had consistent pronunciación rules. This isn't a problem in spanish, it's /XIF/
Both pronounciations are wrong. Gif is an excisting word, in Dutch (meaning poison), it's pronounced ʀ̥if (the Dutch 'G'). Let's all pronounce it like that, so nobody wins (except the Dutch)
The inventory doesn't get to choose? Tell that to fantasy authors.
GIF GIFT  Both hard sounds. Both spelt almost exactly the same, only difference being the 't' on the end of "Gift". Done. GIF is pronounced with a hard 'G' sound because it is closest to "Gift".
It's Gif with a soft G. The guy that created it says so. That's the end of the debate.
Now i can't remember how i used to pronounce that😑
I wanna jive you a jift
It’s obviously pronounced GIF 🙄
I'm glad I'm Dutch.
it's gif guys
I've always just pronounced it g.i.f, seeing as it is an acronym and a file format, but I see how that is relatively more time-consuming
Am I the only one who calls it g.i.f.
ok i pronounce GIF
I'll just call it G. I. F.
It's easier for me to say "G I F"
I’m calling it GIF Each letter separately
Jee ai ef
y i f f *
Actually gif is an abbreviation so it's pronounced G I F
The true way to pronounce it is from old English and is yiff
70% is  not a landslide? Are you live under dictatorship or something?
Its pronounced "gif"
I always pronounced it as "Jif", the "gif" one on the other hand hits the ear wrong for some reason.
If "GIF" is pronounced "JIF", then _It's pronounced "JIF" not "GIF"_ is self-contradictory.
It's obviously gif.
there is a jif extension. end of story. The creator is trolling or dmb
So... I won't use GIF, I'll just go with animated PNG or MP4 or WebM instead :P
I pronounce it letter by letter, anyone?
If you have to spell it wrong to get your point across on how to pronounce it, you’ve already lost. Is it pronounced gif or jif? I don’t know, is it spelled GIF or JIF?
My name is jeff
If the guy who invented it says its pronounced “jif” then we gotta pronounce it like that
Ok but the Jpeg example doesn’t quite work because the “p” only has the “f” sound because it’s followed by an “h” without that in the acronym there’s no reason you would pronounce it’s jayphreg. With gif its reasonable to read it either way.
We all know it's pronounced with a hard G. The dutch hard G to be exact. Like a chainsaw
Gift without the t = gif
As long as Jif peanut butter and cleaning agent exists I will be calling them Gifs with a hard G.
I would argue that it is gif (not jif) because it is like gift without the t. A website (mentalfloss) was complaining about another website disregarding the words gin, gem, gym, geo, and gel. But I do think they can be disregarded because none of them contain the letters "g", "i", and "f". The only word I can think of that somewhat comes close is a "jiffy". And there you can see why it should be pronounced "gif" instead of "jif".
I always say **GIF**
Of course it's pronounced gif... "gift" is *right* there! Just remove the t!
Pronounce it how ever the fk you want  But if you say *Jiff*  youre d u m b  af.. 🙃
Me as an intellectual: *H I F*
"Jraphics Interchange Format" 👏👏👏
I call it gee aai eff
Someone could put a gun to my head and tell me to pronounce it with the hard "g" and I would die with my honor.
Its both so shut up now
As someone who speaks multiple languages and still aspiring to learn more, english pronounciation vs writing is an annoyance that has been growing over time. It is so inconsistent depending on where the words _came from_ and the pronounciation rules of that language, but not with enough consistency. If the origin is a germanic language for example, GI would be pronounced GI and not JI. But if it's one of the latin languages probably JI. Most languages have some ambiguity in pronounciation, but english is FAR beyond other european languages in the inconsistency. Even the spelling of single letters often missmatch how they are pronounced in words, and the rules for diphthongs are not clear. Also, most english vowels are diphthongs while most european languages have monophthong vowels, which makes english accents in those languages sound very different from all other accents.  Just to end on a rant note and throw a random language under the buss, i'm happy Danish isn't the dominant international language. "Rødgrød med fløde" sounds like someone struggling to not throw up :P
if you want to go by original english spelling, it would be yif
Gif: Graphics interchange format End of story
I avoided this debate by just spelling it out everytime; G-I-F 😂 I mean it's just 3 letters after all!
Well, the creator is wrong. Obviously. It's "graphics", not "jraphics".
Tom already said that it's pronounced with a hard g in his copyright infringement video.
Idk why but I always called it "jif" than "gif" even when I read it.
It doesn't matter how the creator says it's pronounced, much in the same way JK Rowling saying Dumbledore is gay doesn't matter. It wasn't information given at the time it came out, so the community makes the rules.
or do you mean G.I.F
I thought to myself: Of course I use the hard G sound because I‘m german, and in my native language the G is always pronounced that way. Then I thought how funny it is that the g in „german“ is a soft J sound 😄
Back in middle school I was so certain "pwn" was pronounced "pawn" and that "pone" couldn't possibly be correct.
Honestly, it doesn't matter how you say it. I don't care if you use "Giff" "Jiff" or "G.I.F." Just cease with the petty arguments. Besides, we all know it's pronounced "Yiff" you purists.
Just pronounce it like GIf There Ez clap
Me, pronouncing it as /ji•ī•ef/, the whole second half of my existence.
At this point we should just invent a new word for it that everyone can agree on if we're not gonna drop the debate
You're an idiot. It's GIF - "JIF". It's always been that. The maker calls it that. It's that. You're just using confirmation bias to make your point right, which it isn't, which is why you're an idiot. When push comes to shove, it's what the maker calls it.
personally, because JIF peanut butter exists, and no other word in the world is "GIF" I prefer the hard G like as in Gift.  "check out this jif of this jar of JIF" no thanks
Jif is peanut butter
No such problem in languages with actual sane pronounciation rules, dear english speakers.  G is G. It's always the same sound in Polish. Hard G is the way we say it, because its G I F, not Dż I F :)
Not watch didn't care
Me: Is it gif or jif? Oxford english dictionary: yes  Also i am from G(j)illingham (kent) and was tempted to vistis G(g)illingham when i went to norfolk! I ran out of time up there though
but i pronounce it as G, I, F. 😣
Glad to be Finnish. Here everything is pronounciated the way it is written. Every letter has exactly one pronounciation. It's actually so easy that all kids learn to read before the age of 7 and many even earlier.
I've been using the LASER/SCUBA/JPEG argument against hard gif-ers for years now. To no avail...
Me an Spanish speaker: yes
Okay! Now do GILF.
I pronounce it gif not gif
Hard G people have to say "animated gif" all the time because it sounds too much like gift. Just pronounce it how it was meant to be pronounced to reduce confusion.
20-30 years ago I can remember anyone not pronouncing it JIF.
1:57 his face is terrifying
I still don't understand the confusion; it's clearly pronounced GIF.
Yiff
Blathering buffoons, the g is silent.
“Turns out even if you invented a word, you don’t get to decide how it’s pronounced.” Keep that in mind, Brits, when you complain about how we say “aluminum!” 😜
Zhaif for laif
And FUBAR has a word Up, not pronounced Yoop
I pronounced it with a hard g when I was a kid, but pronounce it with a j now.
Here's the thing -- what reason do we have to use "jif"?  Sure, there are lots of words where a soft G precedes an I, but there are many words where a hard G precedes an I as well -- so that's not really any reason to say "jif" -- & Wilhite says it's "jif"?  So what, sorry, don't care, Wilhite is not the boss of my language -- the simple fact is that, in modern times, if someone invents a new English word & wants it to start w/ a J sound, they will spell that word w/ a J, not a G -- something that Wilhite didn't have the option for, since there's no such thing as "jraphics" -- I'm just not seeing any good reason to pronounce it "jif" -- especially when, as many have pointed out, the G in GIF is taken from a hard-G word -- see, I just don't put a lot of stock in the other acronyms used as counter-examples -- in the case of SCUBA & LASER, the difference between "uh" & "oo" is very slight, requiring only a modest adjustment of the lips &, likewise, the difference between an S & a Z is just a small shift of the tongue [sidebar, the P in JPEG is inconsequential, because it's not the P that makes the F sound in "photo", it's the combination of the P & the H -- if they wanted us to say "jay-feg", they should've made the acronym "JPhG"] -- but G & J are very different sounds, w/ J being expressed at the front of the mouth, & G happening toward the throat -- y'know, there should actually be 2 different letters, to represent those very different sounds...oh, wait!  There already *are* different letters!  G, & J!  Now obviously, we're not going to go back through the whole English language, & respell all the soft-G words w/ a J -- but, moving forward, we can at least make sure that all newly-minted words match up, keeping the letter G for the hard G sound & the letter J for the soft G sound -- & hard-G GIF is part of that moving forward -- so give the gift of GIFs, you giddy gits!
Let's just all pronounce it like the Dutch. Just go to google translate and let it pronounce "gif" in Dutch.
I thought it was a ‘JEE IE EFF’...
@Linguisticae coucou
i used to say "GIF" but upon learning the alternate pronunciation i eventually transitioned over to "JIF", took a couple months i think but it's the default without thinking now
in our language everything is pronounced as its writen. cool, isn't it?
In old english it was pronouced..... yiff..
0:38 it's actually pronunciation, not pronounciation.
In English I'll say it like "jif"  But in my native tongue of Danish I pronounce it with the G sound
No. Hard g is for morons.  QED
Team blue/jif
I used to call it G.I.F
Wait am I the only one that pronounces it as "Jee-eye-If"? I got this from my Elementary teacher and it's stuck in my brain
To the people mad: how do you pronounce the following words?  Ginger  Gisselle Gigantic Giga Giraffe
In my language we read words as they're written, so hard G it is
This was settled years ago by PBS Idea Channel. It's "zhaif".
I say gif not jif because that's how it's  read it in my native language.
Jraphics.
Ohh...so it's gif. I thought it's gif.
I just call it a G.I.F. Easy enough, innit?
thank you very much for making this
Why has has to be GIF but not “Gee Ai Eff”
I prefer the hard G pronunciation for two reasons.   One is the the word "gif" is MOST similar to in written form is "gift" which is pronounced with the hard G.    Secondly, the purpose of language is to communicate meaning from one person to another, so the less ambiguity the better.   Hearing "Gif" with a hard G immediately tells the listener you are talking about the file type.    Hearing "Jif" requires more context to know whether we are talking about file types or yummy peanut butter.
i think it should be pronounced yiff
Dude. It's "jif."
Gif with hard G is Indonesian pure alphabet form of spelling. Indonesia has the purest alphabet word, thats why they can learn almost every language easily.
All words are made up 😁
I'm not convinced that descriptivism should prevent value judgement.  I know this is a tangent from the pronunciation of .gif, but consider two questions:  A)  "Where's the washroom?"  B)  "Where's the shitter?"  Those sentences are semantically identical, but choosing the latter option will lead people to make certain inferences about the speaker's personality.
Get this right Tom... I dont wanna have to unsubscribe... I trust you... We trust you.. ITS GIF........
🤔🤕
well you don't call a GIFt a JIFt do you?
What's the correct answer? WHAT IS THE CORRECT ANSWER TOM?
I like English language but it is a mess
Giraffe be like 🦒 .
bruh it’s gif it’s not that hard
jif or gif
I need help I just keep switching between the two pronunciations without even realizing it.
and people around me say it G I F
it's pronounced /jɪf/
I will DIE before I pronounce it "jif"
As a Canadian who has traveled extensively in Netherlands, I pronounce it Hkif
this is stupid, the person that made the name decides how it’s pronounced
Well since webms have killed gifs who cares anymore.
My policy is that so long as I can understand you I'll ignore my inner pedant, no matter how much they scream. If I can't understand I'll ask for clarification.
Why are you Jeh ?
I'm not bothered as much by how people say it as I am for their completely nonsensical rationales for why they say it the way they do. (Like this comment section)
Nah it's pronounced yiff  (s)
I have always pronounced it (Gee Aiy Ef)
Oh I thought it was Geoff...
gift
Jif sounds so dumb
If you can say GIF instead of jif, I can say Pokieman instead of Pokémon.
It's soft g. I hate that but it's true.
You don't get gifts for Christmas, you get jifts.
Hold on, hold on:  *"LASER" IS AN ACRONYM?*
00:35  You've already made a fatal error.  GIF is not a simple word.  It's a proper noun.  A trademarked name, in fact.  Names have only one correct pronunciation, which is decided by their owners.  In this case, the owner of the trademarked name GIF says it's "jiff".  That's the end of the argument.  Unless you think I'm correct to say that your name is pronounced "tome shcotey", if only I can get a large number of people to agree with me.  I could also debunk every single claim for why a hard 'g' makes more sense, or a soft 'g' doesn't make sense, but I don't want to start writing a novella.  Suffice it to say, there are no legitimate arguments for why a hard 'g' is superior to a soft 'g', or why a soft 'g' doesn't make sense.
Yesterday I was listening to a debate about BBC impartiality leading to the equal platforming of "expert" and "vox pop" opinions. The argument was that a determination to pursue impartiality had led the BBC to give the impression that both views were equally, erm, "true". (Sorry for the quote marks, but these are the times we live in). Having watched this video I wonder if the root of the problem is that we, as a society, have confused descriptivism (as practiced by dictionary makers, eg) with impartiality (as practiced by journalists, eg). Would it be possible to tease this out so as to provide a clearer guidance to broadcasters on how to construct impartiality for these intemperate times? Just wondrin' ...
My argument has always been; JIF is a peanut butter brand. I’m not calling these funky moving pictures peanut butter.   (For further context, I grew up only eating jiffy and my child brain refused to use the same pronunciation for both because they were very different things)
yif
... ... ... But I and everyone I know pronounces laser as laser...
Everyone always wonders about gi soft or gi hard but never about f
Funnily enough, in Spanish it should be uncontroversially pronounced /xɪf/, yet I've never heard something other than /gɪf/.
I always take the opposing stance to whoever takes a stance on this word. A: it's more fun, 2: it helps to illustrate the absurdity of insisting that language should never change, iii: it helps to illustrate the absurdity of such passionate arguments on the internet. Given that last point, more people can enjoy such passionate arguments for that very absurdity!  So: it's pronounced zhiephhf
So we should start pronouncing the Boston basketball team's name "properly" because what the team owner wants doesn't matter?
The slide says everything.
Isn't it pronounced "Jretchen McCullough"?
I've always pronounced it 'jif'. I've never met a person who pronounced it with a hard 'g' who wasn't some kind of internet personality from a different country. I think 'jif' is more common in Australia from my experience.
been pronouncing it as ji-ai-ef
I forgot which way I said it so now I guess I'll just say it however other people around me say it
In Polish "g" is NEVER soft, so "jif" literally cannot exist as a pronounciation. We all say "gif" here. No problem. I assume it would be the same the other way around for languages where "g" is always soft.  See, English? That's what you get for not being phonetically consistent.
Aluminum.
Hard G and I will fight people over this.
Its Jif for me. Its just better this way so i dont get confused with Gift and Gif
i dont say jif or gif, i say it letter by letter.
So is it gif or gif?
guy who invented the word is a jumbass
Jraphics Interchange Format = "JIF" pronunciation...will always be with a hard G...like the word "Graphics"
Good ending, now do read and read....
I say it “jif”
It's pronounced "skippy"
I don't use the word often, so both sound messed up to me...
Its not Jif its Gif. But why is G pronounced with a "J" lmai I meant to say lmao because im laughing my ass in.
How does 70% not count as a land slide?
I pronounce it G I F
The correct answer is English is not phonetically correct.
It’s etched in my brain as .jif so I’ll never change how I say it
Gif in english,  "jif" is how you pronounce Gif in latin languages cause to make the g or c hard you need to put a h ... So if the inventor is latin why you should change the word ? We say Compiute not computer to accommodate your english needs . Still english will soon have a drastic change and it will blends with a lot of words of various languages , so english nazi grammars I have bad news for you.
Its pronounced as GIF just like how I like your cut G
Tom it's not pronounced "GIF." it's ".GIF" (note the placements of the full stop / period)
IT’S JIF!
*jif*
Tomato tomato.
The acronyms not using the sound of the letter of the word isn't a valid argument to me. No you shouldn't pronounce them the exact same as the context of the word, it should be the context of the acronym. BUT, if you have a letter like G that can be either a hard G or soft G, then you should look to the word.   No one says "JPEJ" No one says "SSUBA" in the case of the C in Scuba.
I originally thought it was a typo of "Gift" because I had never seen the word before and both fit, and as such pronounced it like "Gift" without the T.
i surpport 'jif'
My name ih gif.
Moron.
Them is fightin words
Yes it's GIF it's always been that way.
I have the same issue with my nickname Chrouya, which I myself consider to be pronounced as [kr]  following examples such as /chrome/ or /christ/. Yet the majority seems to read it as [tshr] as in /church/. Quite the pet peeve.
Tom: It’s not a landslide  Also Tom: Gif won by 70%
I just see it and my mind don’t even read it
It's pronounced "Bob"
People who pronounce it as a J can only write it Jif or else they can't get their point across
So how do you pronounce "Ginny" ?🤔
imo Gif is better for writing, but I like to say jif
Never forget "Zhaif"
GIF is not lossy... (is it?)
It's pronounced "JIF" and this is a hill I am prepared to die on.
jpeg: i'm jpeg Jpg: no, i'm jpg
Screw everyone that says gif. It's gif, get over it
Actually it has been proven that it would be pronounced yiff but no normal person that isn't a furry would want it named that
English isn’t phonetically consistent. I just use whichever people are using in a conversation because there’s not a reason to argue. Unless it nuclear.
I guess it's spelled Iphone now, then.
Can we filter out all the words that were brought to English from French? Like gin, giraffe, ginger, et cetera. Many of which were spelled with 'J's before being absorbed into the French language. I wonder which pronunciation would be more prevalent if we were to get rid of the romance languages greatest mistake....
Image God coming down and just saying, "it's pronounced Jod" and then leaving.
It's GIF not GIF, you monsters!
Lasar in Celtic means fire or flash, what a coincidence.
I think you'll find it's pronounced "yif"
Gift-t=GIF
I pronounce it as G.I.F I may not be right, but I'm definitely not wrong.
It's definitely Gif not Gif. People who say Gif are just totally wrong. It's obviously Gif.
opens my Warhammer codex's and laughs you think that one word has a pronunciation war bless you
mans should've said "gif uses a soft g" and we would be in a different timeline
If the inventor of toilet paper told me "Hey, the roll goes _under_,  not over" I'd just tell him to go phuck himself.
Old English says it's pronounced Yiff
Ok, can we move onto the SQL now?
why do i smell burning popcorn? like actually
I say gif(jif) and gif(Gif) for different uses
I always called it jee eye eff so gif sounds like jif
I’ve been pronouncing it as jif since the format was released in the 90’s. I read it before I heard it. Not sure why I went that way with pronunciation.
its pronounced GIF not GIF. settled.
I say jif because I used to say jee eye eff
This dude straight up copied a ThioJoe video for all of his examples lmfao
I thought the rule was g(e), g(i), g(y), are pronounced j, with a big jumble of exceptions that you just have to learn, as is normal with English.
tom: and l.a.s.e.r isn't proununced lasser  me an spanish-speaker: mhm ok keep talking red shirt guy
OK, but how do you say geoff?
If gif is pronounced "jif", how do we spell a word that's pronounced "gif"?
Unsubscribed.
it should only be djif because the person who named it said it was pronounced that way, i personaly prefer gif
But there's already an image file format called jif.
In Australia we have a cleaning product brand called "Jif", which makes Gif to default to the pronunciation of a G sound.
Whoever calls it jif has a serious peanut butter addiction though.
And here I am calling it G-I-F
it's pronounced Zhaif!
The word "gift" is the only reference we need. Its just "gift" without a t.
My main argument is that it’s gif and not jif because of the word gift. Gift is the closest word to gif, just the t is removed. So it’s pronounced like gift: gif.
/j/if
yiff
Geesus Jist! Not this old jestnut..
Google pronounces it jif...
YES!!  I've never heard anyone else make the SCUBA comparison.  That's been my go-to to debunk the hard G.
It's a hard G and anyone saying otherwise is a Git.
I say G I F Who else
I say Gee I ef
It’s g not j. take the t off of gift and what do you have. I rest my case.
I just pronounced it as gif bcs i read it how it is
NO, IT'S *_GIF._*
Bro g is pronounced “jee” not “gee” so it’s “JIF”
I’ve always said “jif”. And I always will.
JIF peanut butter
i hate this
It's easy, Monday to Thursday at noon it's jif, the rest of the week it's still jif
Such a dumb argument, it is a hard G everyone else is stupid. Nothing else matters.
It's is pronounced Gif not jif, jif just sounds wrong it's not peanut butter.
G sound like "General," rhymes with "life"
Let’s all pronounce it “Jee Eye Eff”, because that’s sure to make everyone happy and the argument will be no more   (sarcasm)
Whenever I hear this debate I remember this clip:  Legolas: "It's pronounced Jif!" Boromir: "listen Legoland, I don't live in the kingdom of Jondor"
Me, who says G-I-F: *._.*
I pronounce it both ways depending on how controversial I'm feeling
I'm Italian and in italian I hate when someone pronounces it with a hard G, but in english the soft G sounds so weird...
Someone tell the creator he’s mispronouncing his own format
I use both pronunciations
Sooo... you're trying to reignite this argument? :D  It's "jif".
Jif is a brand of peanut butter in the U.S. The reason why gif is pronounced with a hard G, is because the other sound was more commonly used to refer to the peanut butter, not the format, and the hard G began to dominate to avoid homophonic collision with the proper noun.
I've said Jif all my life because I can read English
I use both in the same sentence.
People who see it as separate letters are probably more likely to think of it as a quicker way of saying 'jee-ai-eff', so 'jif'
Jhey no seriously lets do it for everything why should anyone understand what we say
Simple, a word I don't know how to pronounce will be pronounced phonetically until otherwise instructed.  As you stated, read it before I heard it, so it's hard G, for me.
I think it’s pronounced yiff
I think we should round up all the jiffers and shout “ *GIF* “ before we release thousands of peanut butter jars (jiff of course) so that they may no longer live and waste their breath. Plus the last thing they hear is what they resent HAHAHAHAHAHA
I just realized I prefer "JIF" when speaking english, and "GIF" when speaking my native tounge, swedish.
Surely the biggest problem is that you're mispronouncing pronunciation?!
Yes everyone knows is Jraphic, not graphic obviously
Jif is a cleaning product. It was well known LONG before personal computers were a thing. That's why most english speakers use the hard g.
I pronounce it like "GGGGif" (/χɪf/) :)
You peanut butter obsessed whackadoos need to just go back to your damn nut butters... leave file format pronunciations alone.
Choosey mom’s choose Gif
Languages are defined by its speakers not its scholars, and I know damn well that peanut butter isn’t a file format
Im just gonna call it gif
You have no idea how mad I am right now at all the people who made fun of me for pronouncing it as "jif".  About 150 people will receive a link to this video today.
When I think of the gif/gif debate I also think about how in Back to the Future, Christopher Lloyd called it 1.21 Jiggowatts because they didn’t know/care it was pronounced Gigawatts.
gɪf
I love the jraphics in this video....
The fast that people say “its pronounced jif, not gif” should be all the evidence you need, really.
É por isso que sigo a sugestão do Mike, no saudoso "Idea Channel". Por causa da discussão ele propôs que lêssemos "JAIF"
Wait! Are we not even going to talk about Gillingham and Gillingham?!?
The alphabet is in the order it is for no particular reason. Have a good day.
giraffics
Its pronounced gif
Wait it's not yif???
More people will know what you mean when you say it like gif not jif, therefore in order for language to succeed (i.e people know what the other person means) we should go with gif
I say "jif"
The correct way of pronouncing it could probably only be determined by analysing any single parallel reality and counting how often gif or jif is more common. Theres a slight issue with that. There being an infinite number of parallel realities the result would probably be more or less exactly 50/50
It would also be worth examining the words based on their origins - English is a language built out of other languages, but how are 'gi' words treated in words that originated in English? Gift has a Norse root, gist is originally from a Latin root (Romance languages), and the way the G is pronounced often has more to do with where the word came from when it was added to English than anything else, acronyms on the other hand are built int the language itself, not loaned from elsewhere.  When I was younger in the earlier days of computer science it was /ʤ/ and I still will pronounce it as such. The pronunciation may be changing because more people are reading the word from the format before they hear it mentioned and making a (wrong in my opinion) judgement on the way it is pronounced, but it wasn't until (relatively) recently that I ever heard the hard G pronunciation (and have never heard a good argument for changing to that)
No nNO nO it is a GJIF
ITS GIF, NOT GIF!
So frustrating.  Since day one I've pronounced it with a hard G.  Why? Because it's correct.
You get someone a GIFT  so its GIF
Authors learned long ago that while they create the names, it's the readers that decide how they're pronounced.
I'm going to pronounce GIF like HEEF from "gila" or like HAIF from "gaol" /s
its gif lmao
I don't care what the inventor says. It's pronounced like "gift."   Equally, I don't care what the rest of the world thinks. I know the United States will eventually adopt the metric system, but as far as I'm concerned, the moment we do, the rest of the world will have finally caught up to _us_ .
You're wrong its pronounced GIF
LASER is an acronym?!?
Gif is just superior to Jif
Jif !
Why bother arguing if the only thing matters is how it is written down?
Silly english speakers, of course it's pronounced "gif" and "yot-peg" or "yot-peh-gye", all hard Gs.
There's an awful lot of gibberish in some of the comments.
It's gif because gift - t = GIF
Ok so it is pronounced gif
It's gif, not jif
I thought it was pronounced jaif
but, when you say pro-noun-ciation though...
There's already a .jif format. In order to disambiguate the two, the hard G should be favored for .gif.
Outstanding video.  Very well narrated and your arguments were cogent.... and hilarious ending.
2:46 Having grown up a few miles from Gillingham (Kent) and now spending most of my week days collecting from around the area, hearing someone saying Gillingham (Dorset) just sounds so wrong to my ear. Though considering my ear struggles to tell the difference between Ferry and Fairy (out of context) perhaps I shouldn't listen to my ear 😂😂  Sorry about the pun. I'll get my coat...
Personally I don’t pronounce it “Gif” or “Gif”. I’ve always said “Gif”.
As correctly deduced by Tom, I looked at the word Gif, throught it looked like Gift, so pronounced it like that, without the T.
I’ll understand whichever way a friend says it, but I’m sticking With GIF /g/
In the English language, usages and pronunciations are determined by popular usage.
I'm team G.I.F. just like UFO, DNR, ENT and lots of other great acronyms, these letters deserve to be pronounced. Either that or I got fed up with the debate and started my own team.
only england... ONLY ENGLAND would have two places called the same thing with different pronunciation. postage must suck there.
Everytime I hear this discussion I'm more confused about the "hard" and "soft" g - everyone seems to know that "hard g" is the "g" sound whereas "soft g" is the "dʒ" sound, but to me that makes no sense. In order to say dʒ you need to do *hard* work with your mouth whereas with a g you barely have to do anything. Makes no sense to me to call g "hard" and dʒ "soft".
It's pronounced "jiff". End of story.
Before I heard other people say it, I thought it was pronounced Gee-eye-eff. Like how with a png file you only pronounces the letters, I thought you only pronounced the letters of GIF. Did that for about 2 years lmao before switching to hard G
Literally nobody I ever met pronounced it with the j, until it was revealed the inventor said it was jif. Then appeared a whole bunch of people “correcting” people because they’re weird
It's pronounced "yiff", actually.
It should be pronounced, G.I.F. Spell it.
Try the dutch pronunciation.
Can you explain why people are passionate about how you pronounce gif, but couldn’t care less how you SPELL doughnuts vs donuts, for example
Going for Gh-if
I’ve always been team Jif.... whenever someone says “Gif,” it pisses me off because it sounds like Gift. People speak fairly fast and loosely so when we say “gift”... a lot of times it’s a soft T at the end... causing a problem when people say Gift or Gif... just make it easy and respect the creator and pronounce it “Jif.”
I'm going to pronounce Gin like Gift from now on to hammer the point home.
G is silent
Chiff
Do you want to stand on the landmine of Merriam-Websters sudden change of "sexual preference" and the line between prescriptive and descriptive that this move walks?  Or... not...?
Normally, I'd use the hard 'g' but if I were in a conversation where gif were to come up often, I'd use both interchangeably just to see how long until the conversation was abruptly interrupted. Once the arguing starts, I slowly back out of the circle and watch the fireworks.
"I think it's jif-" "SO YOU HAVE CHOSEN DEATH."
It's Geoff.
I just think jif sounds nicer
I think its pronounced Gif
There’s actually only one other word to consider and that’s Jif, as in “don’t forget the pancakes on Jif lemon day” and what Cif cream cleaner used to be called. It is gif not jif to distinguish one from the other. Simples.
Are you FakeJake’s dad?
Most languages: GIF English: I'm confused... Italian: Hey! Jif over here!
GIF is an acronym for Graphics Interchange Format. Graphics is a hard G, not Giraffics.
Giraffe sounds like Jiraffe
Its *graphics* not girraphics 🦒
A topic for the next UN summit
Only gays would pronounce GIF with soft 'g'.
"Jif".
Bro ok please just read this: say guy  now say july now say gif and now say jif
It is pronounced Gif not Gif. End of story.
My name geff
Wtf is gif
you will pry my “jif” from my cold dead hands
I pronounce it as GIF. How do you?
Jif that s all !
“It’s not BUCANA, it’s  buuuu-cannon”
Up next:  It's pronounced AT-AT.
If JIF peanut butter wasn’t a thing, maybe I’d say go with either. But it is, so that encourages one to want to differentiate. And it’s so close to gift.
3:01 I like the fade to crash ending.
I guess this is why most of the Internet switched from using GIF as a file format to PNG...
I will link this next time there’s a “gif or jif” debate. Also, can we agree that there is no wrong way of pronouncing it?
I thought gib was with a hard g
German leaves little choice, it's GIF
In my dictionary, it's gif /χɪf/. (A Dutch dictionary.)
Let's just call it webm and bury the hatchet
I mean, the word GIF-t exists. You wouldn't say someone's jifted, right? That sounds like an insult.
The correct answer is clearly GIF.  Those of you who are saying GIF are complete idiots and deserve to be flogged!
jif   /end
I could've sworn that Jif was the more common pronounciation, just because it is more accurate from how English treats short G-words and I rarely, if ever, heard anyone say gif.  I think other languages have a large influence then. Afaik, most languages WOULD pronounce is "gif" and as such influnce how it is pronounced in the World Language.
Ah I still feel like the argument stops at 'g for graphic therefore it's a hard g'
It’s GIF and everyone who disagrees is a moron.
well, the guy is french, and in french "g" is prononce "j" ... if you take this as a french word the correct way is "jif" if you don't care then nothing is lost ^^
Me: reads the title Also me: do you have the slightest idea how little that narrows it down?
Now I read it as dzif and still speak it as gif
In French the G is never pronounced /g/ before an I, so we say /ʒif/, problem solved
C'mon guys. It's pronounced "GIF"
It's actually pronounced “ kill for the motherland ”
how about the dutch way?   ~regurgitating flem~IF
I pronounce it like "giv" (from give)
"Gigabyte" could be pronounced as "Jigga-Bite".  Great Scot!
The words where you pronounce 'g' as 'j' should just use 'j' instead. Jin, jill, and so on. Problem solved. It doesn't work the other way around. There's no other letter for the original 'G' (not 'J') sound.
For jods sake jive this a rest already.  It's pronounced pics.
Choosy moms choose Jif, and that's why I don't pronounce Gif like that. It needed to be different, discernable from another recognizable entity. If Jif is Jif then Jif already exists, so Gif can't be Jif because it's simply not peanut butter and it never will be.
It's not guyf?
1:27 you're telling me... laser is aN ACRONYM?   my whole life has been a lie
It's pronounced 'G'-'I'-'F'. End of story.
Wait a minute... SCUBA is an acronym!?
Choosy programmers choose gif (play on jif the peanut butter brand's old commercials)
I pronounce it "jif" to honor the creator. I believe that if I created something I would want people to say it how I intended it. So I will respect the wishes of the creator.
At 1:12 you can hear Tom's pronunciation of GIF. Unfortunatelyhe'swrongthough
Here's one for you... here in South Africa, I've heard Linux pronounced with a long 'i' as in Lie-nux and not as in Lyn-ux. I have yet to meet a fellow South African that pronounces it without a long 'i'... and I wonder why we pronounce it the way we do 🤔
Made me realize I probably go with hard g GIF thanks to gift  Wish wish someone in my family was a jiff apologist so that I could give them a jift for Christmas this year
The ending of this video feels just like Inception's ending.
Am I the only one who calls it Jee Ai Aif?
I will always call it JIF and I believe I have enough ground to do so :) That said, I had no idea that JIFFERS were outmatched 30 to 70, snap!
It’s an acronym. Acronyms are often pronounced with letter sounds.
This weird phenomena where the G letter (from a G sounding word) should sometimes sound like J, is indeed a very weird quirk of written text of some cultures. Had the writing system been better formalized to avoid this ambiguity, this wouldn't have been a problem. Think about it, if you had to re-invent the alphabet, you would be mental to put in a rule where the same symbol would produce a different sound (depending on context), specially when one of those sounds already has different a symbol specifically dedicated for it. And yes, you should read it JFEG
Okay tom, you´ve convinced me. I will now refer to Photography as Potography.
I pronounce it G I F one word at a time
The main problem is that GIF isn't a word; it's a Proper Noun.
My argument is... I have to write it Jif for the wrong pronunciation
The reason I initially thought that gif was pronounced with a hard g, is because of the peanut butter brand Jiff, and the word jiff. If there is already a word that exists with that same pronunciation, I figured it made more sense to use the unique pronunciation that wouldn't get mixed up with something else. In my opinion, it just makes more sense, since a soft g would make it more likely to confuse gif with jiff. I'm honestly not sure how the initial creator of the word didn't consider the fact that two jiffs already exist 😂
Steve coined the word, he's right. End of discussion.
stop disliking jiffers
Me as an intellectual : Spelling each alphabet of gif
I read it as G-I-F
It’s pronounced gif
70% isn't a landslide?
My last name is ‘Gill’ Pronounce it
I've always just said it both ways
This whole debate *gives* me the *giggles.*  *Get* over yourselves, J-crew.
I’ve always said GIF as jif
It's neither "GIF" nor "JIF" ..it's "Gee Eye If"!
Soft G
Dude, if the inventor says it's pronounced Jif, then it's pronounced Jif.  The popularity of Gif is irrelevant regardless of what we think.
Gif is like gift so it should be hard, right??? Right guys?????
It's GIF not JIF this is the hill I will die for!
Golf, India, Foxtrot. No ambiguity at all!
Surprisingly informative
I'm tired of this gif-gif polarization. We need more an independent gif.
Do you hard g'ers pronounce Chick-fil-a like Ckick-filet or with a soft a, because by your logic, it can be pronounced either way.  Also, Adobe could be said with Silent e as an option, same with Nike.  Volkswagen could also be pronunciation with a hard a making it sound like wage.  I don't even want to start to think of how some of you would pronounce Adidas as they are all normally pronounced as soft vowels even though they are in situations where you could use hard vowels.  Funny how I bet you just listen to how the creator's of these companies pronounce the name opposed to making up your own pronunciation like you do with .gif
I've been pronouncing GIF correctly my whole life :D Then theres my friend who says it as G I F like seperate letters
'Jeef'
My personal solution is the worst... "gjif"
So this means jay is gay? Indians can relate
The closest would seem to be gift
That's literally the correct way to spell laser
So then, quick question to everybody saying its optional because a creator cannot say how it should be pronounce.  Do you say Nike how you say the name Mike, or do you say the e at the end of Nike, because by all your logic, Nike could be said with silent e as an option too, because there would be no "true" pronunciation of Nike.  But it is pronounced with the e, that is the way the company says their company is pronounced.  Your argument on the hard g is as idiotic as arguing Nike is can be pronounced without the e at the end.  But please argue that along with how to pronounce Volkswagen, Adidas, Adobe, etc.  I'm assuming all these companies you trust the creator's pronunciation and don't pronounce however you please.
So what about "Coah-vid" vs "Coh-vid"? I keep getting told I'm wrong for saying the former
i mean. just because a majority of people pronounce it a certain doesn’t mean they’re right
next we'll all be arguing about the pronunciation of the file extension .exe...  I'm not certain they were ever intended to be spoken...
Thank yoy
Djif....kinda like djent
It is Gif, Jif is peanut butter.... 😂
How is this only #50 on trending? This is answering one of the biggest debates!
What gif the G is silent
Lets be honest its still GIF not JIF
I swear it's pronounced g0f🫁
this is hurting my brain
It doesn't really bother me when people say JIF... it's kind of annoying when you get a mini tirade if you say GIF like gif without the T. Can't there can be two right answers?
It's a proper name given to a creation. Pronunciation rules don't apply. It's like telling a parent they're pronouncing their own child's name wrong.
I don't understand how english is an international language. So many ambiguity. There are so many better language. Sadly, world can't change it at this point.
If the G means "Graphics" it's a hard G whether you like it or not.
Worth pointing out that the letter G is itself pronounced like "jee" not "gee"
Pronounce plantain next
I just pronounce it "IF" to piss off both sides of the debate
Usage determines  propriety.  GIF like gator FTW
GIF!!!! Not Jif... take out the t in gift and its GIF. Show me a single word that starts with Gif that's pronounced jif. Doesnt exist
Big brain move: [xiφ]
I do the big brain move. I flip flop between both pronunciations multiple times a day for no reason I could figure out so far
*laughs in dutch..  It's gif With a Dutch g
My name is Arquimedes, it's always amazes me that people misspell it all the time as Arquimides, and I think that has a lot to do with what you are saying, there are just soo many instances in spanish where after the particle "qui" the next would be a particle with an "i" instead of an "e" which locks people brain to misspell it all the time. To the extent of telling me I do not know how to correctly spell my name
I don’t trust anyone who says JIF
But if it’s pronounced “JIF,” you can’t make the pun, “Beware of geeks bearing GIFs.”
Idc what you say It's pronounced GIF not GIF..
Being german makes this one easy. Giff.
70% is a landslide sorry to say and it will always have a hard G. The creator didnt push hard enough to get it changed and thus its GIF!
How do you pronounce JIF?  It's with the typical J sound.  There used to be a JIF graphics format that was used at the same time as the GIF format.  So how do you reference GIF if it's pronounced the same as JIF?  You don't...you pronounce it with a hard g sound.
do you pronounce it gif or gif
It’s pronounced dzjchivfe.
Whoever pronounces it Jif, you're totally jay
Damn, those lines in the background are triggering me, i can't even look
who tf say "g"if
The person who invented the word doesn't get to say how it's pronounced!? So when a parent gives their child an unusual name, I get to decide how to pronounce it, not them?
The creator calls it JIF so that’s that on that
It’s both...like “I read now” or “I read yesterday”
No one cares
gif
It's GIF! GIF! With a G!!!
There used to be .jif and I feel like that causes alot of the confusion
Here in Hong Kong, I've never ever heard of GIF pronounced as (that) "gif", not even once before watching this video seriously. We have "jif"s all over the city.
yif...change my opinion
Sorry, you're wrong. It's pronounced GIF.
Can we just all agree to call it G I F?
It's pronounced "IMGUR" not "IMJUR"!
i call it G.I.F
this very same thing was discussed in the big bang theory
Now I’m thing of JIF peanut butter
People only say "jif" to be that guy.
*Why didn't you mention words that begin with "gy" like "gym"? That influences it HEAPS
i’ve always said it as “gee eye eff”
If you have to spell it differently to say how it's "supposed to be pronounced," that's not how it's supposed to be pronounced.
If it's pronounced "jif", why is it spelled with a "g"? If you want people to pronounce a word a certain way, spell it properly to infer that pronunciation.
Everyday we stray further from jod
I always used to say gif, but when my brother pointed it out I started saying gif instead
I pronounce it like the G in Spanish word Girar.
I've been pronouncing them as G-I-F
Acronyms *are* pronounced according to what they stand for *unless* the resulting pronunciation is unnatural. Pronouncing "laser" as "lasser" is "acronymically" correct, but unnatural, so we modify it. Pronouncing "jpeg" as "jaypheg" would make no sense at all, so we modify it. But there's no need to modify "gif" to "jif". The hard G is the "acronymically" correct version, and also perfectly natural, so there's no sensible reason to change it to "jif".
What kind of absolute jelly-brain pronounces gif with a hard G. Imbeciles.
This is cool and all, but who still even uses gifs?
Whait... Laser is an acronym... Umm... ok (probobly a full word aswell)
in CS, we say gigabyte with a hard G so it is 2-0
Thank for this jift of a jreat video. I now know that it is pronounced jraphics. This will make all future discussions easy joing
tom scott why do you have to do this, why do you have to pick a terrible background. not even aligned and it flips every now and then. :-(.
1:24  in Polish it actually is pronaunced like that
gif jif fif pif
english
The title really helps
Psst. 2:32. All I'm saying. ;)
It's obsviously gif.
oh such a bad luck ... the wall gust came down in the very wrong moment. Damn couldn't you have edited it so that  w e  g e t   t h e   r  i  g   h     t            a    n      s        w              e                r
And just to put more gasoline on that fire... there's already a JIF (pronounced JIF, obviously) so pronouncing GIF as JIF would be needlesly confusing.    Also, i wonder if there's a trend based on where the word came from since based on the small sample, all the soft Gs come from a latin/french background and all the hard Gs come from a germanic background (including Middle English as germanic... which seems roughly appropriate to me but linguists may disagree).
Considering gift is said correctly, you would say gif the same way.
After living in Spain for several years, I can confirm that the true pronunciation is /xif/
I’m German, for me it is (and always will be) gif with g and not with j :D
Gif
I pronoince it jif, cause if you spell it out it's jee eye eff
I bet most of the people in Gillingham pronounce it gif and most of the people in Gillingham pronounce it gif. At least from those wgo grew up there
It's not Cat it's Kat
dji.ai.ef. (G.I.F.) there, fixed it.
jeff
all war cause ww1: some prince got assassinated ww2: nazi ww3: gif vs jif
G-I-F!!! no drama
I spell the word out, or if I'm lazy, I just pronounce it "Jif"
I think we can all agree that its gif
2:19 praise for green screen                  if you dont get it then here it is                         it was just a green screen glitch
It's GIF because JIF is peanut butter.
It's pronounced G-I-F. No /gif/ or /dzif/!
You’ve GIF to be kidding me!
No, it's not
The G in gif is pronounced like the G in garage.
My brain:- Here you have something to increase your knowledge.  After knowing it's pronounced as jif.  My brain:- A'ight we done in here..
Zhaif was the correct pronunciation, and no one can change my mind.
Treat it like we do toddlers, if you can't agree the toy goes away. Stop using GIFs. No longer a valid file format. Settled, end of story.
I pronounce it with the ife sound like in fife.
Re: psycholinguistics  In that split second, our brains also recognized that there is already a soft-g sounding homonym ("jif") that is NOT spelled like that. Such recognition goes into the psycholinguist processing as well.
Nice me-me.
I've always used the soft "g" since I heard my dad say it that was back in the mid 90s.  I can't count how many times people have looked at me strangely for my pronunciation of it but I will continue to say it that way until I die.
Oh no
Just like the patent of the toilet paper roller clearly shows how TP is supposed to be oriented (any other orientation is blasphemy) , I'll accept the intended pronunciation of a word's creator (even though I don't like it).
*i can't even pronounce 'g3if'  But I can pronounce 'GIF'*
GIF GIF GIF GIF GIF GIF GIF GIF GIF
1:26 thats exactly how Polish people say the word LASER
Graphics has a hard G sound studio it's hard G gif. Like gift without the T. End of.
It’s not G or J it’s Y
I'm German of course I speak it with hard "g"
My name gif
I have never pronounced Gif wrong. I always say gif, and anyone else who says gif is just wrong.
I thought it was pronounced gif
In Sweden a G could also be pronounced as a sj-sound.
I just say G-I-F.
CompuServe doesn't get to force some odd pronunciation on us when they didn't bother to widely publish the spec for their file format... indeed if you wanted to read it, you had to be a member with their overpriced service.  Ergo: their opinion is utterly meaningless. We say the word as the letters clearly want to be said - which does NOT sound like a brand of peanut butter. Those who insist it does need to take the plastic bag challenge, as we don't need to hear your "opinions".
Also in what world is 70% / 30% not a landslide ? Imagine how much of a landslide it would be if that was the split in, say... an election...
spose some pronounce “gif” with a hard g because every gif is a gift
"Gillingham and Gillingham; both english towns, a couple hundred miles apart" Oh for fuck's sake...
This is data v data
Is anyone else finding the most mind blowing part of this video the fact that there are two towns in England 150 miles apart with exactly the same name and the only difference is that they're pronounced differently? Imagine getting that wrong on your satnav!
I pronounce it "gah-jiff" just to cover all my bases.
easy, it's pronounced like the g in garage
Try this with the Dutch ''G''. Here we say ''ɣɪf''' The g sounds like  ''ch'' in ''Loch''. But way louder, like when you gargle up some spit.
**Laughs in a language with actual sensible phonetics**
It’s GIF and forever will be
The creator pronounces it Jiff so it's Jiff as far as I'm concerned. The people who created something, or people with unique names, get to decide how it is pronounced
In the interests of clarity, here' something I learned a while ago whilst researching this (albeit only with Google and Wikipedia searches; there's your poor citations): *.gif (pronunced /ɡɪf/ by myself at least) is the file extension used predominantly for an animated image using LZW compression; I leave out *.gifv which is the newer HTML5 equivalent and does not count as a pure *.gif file as it is a video not an image encoded with MPEG-4 or WEBM. *.jif (pronounced /dʒɪf/ by myself at least) is an old and mostly outdated extension for static JPEG images used in the 1990's. That being said, if you can use whatever pronunciation you wish... as long as its /ɡɪf/ 😝
it's gif get it right
I call it G I F because it’s an acronym 😂
It's pronounced Jee Eye Eff
So what's everybody's thoughts on GIF standing for Graphical Interchange Format? Does that change the "G" to a Hard "G" for "Graphics"?
The 'G' in 'Graphics' is a hard 'G', so no, the inventor is an idiot with no linguistic ability.
Don't give a F*. I'll pronounce it GIF with a "Garry" sound until I die. I might be wrong but it won't sound stupid and not inline with what it stands for.
Jpheg.
GIF or GIF??
What a channel!
Uhm, I pronounced it as JI-AY-EF .   XD   ~
I used to live in Towcester.. go on Americans, have a go at that.
Cmon Tom, just admit it’s pronounced 'GIF'
I've heard people in Spanish calling it /hɪf/
(Warning for photosensitive viewers: this video contains some flashing imagery)  Another factor: "Jiff" is a peanut butter brand, so for those of us who were familiar with Jiff, it's more convenient to say "Gif" for the GIF file format. It's also slightly easier to say, at least for me.
people get to "name their babies"  this includes  pronunciation.  "jif" is how it is.  the end.
This whole confusion about pronunciations in the English language is caused by the pathetic Roman script that most European languages use. The Romans gave many great things to humanity but writing was not one of them. The number system was especially bad and humanity would not have so much progress if the Arabs traders had not spread the Indian/ Hindu numerals to the west.   Most Indian languages (and perhaps more around the world that I am not aware of) have such a precise script (Like Devanagari)  that it is simply not possible to mispronounce anything written in them. There is not even a scope of having a game like spelling bee in Hindi for example. One does not even need a spell checker - only predictive text!  There is one and only one clear way of writing something being said or reading something that's written.  In Devnagri script, Steve Wilhite could / would  have already written it as "गिफ " rather than "जिफ" - no scope of confusion there.  Its extremely ironic that Indian kids seems to do so well in spelling bee competitions.
Everyone in the comments using misspellings of words to provide their point in the same tired old way people have got years:   Where's the lojic? Actually watch the video. Accept that both are acceptable, and use the one you prefer.
Tom Scott answering questions I didn't knew I had.
As someone from Gillingham, it's pronounced gif
300 pages a week? Huh I read 250 paged book in 3 days bc I thought it was fun.. Nah I was talking about the ad don’t mind it.
Me a Scandinavian with close to no gi words being pronounced dji, it's only logical for it to be pronounced gif
The problem here is that English is not deterministic when it comes to the relationship between speech and writing. In other languages, such as my native language Italian, there is no ambiguity and when you read a word you instantly know how to pronounce it (except for accent, but that's another story). I guess this problem is caused by how old English is a standardized language, so that the speech has evolved while the written form has not (or vice versa, I don't know).  Btw in Italy we mostly say "gif", with soft g, because it's the rule in Italian, so it sounds more natural to us.
The best English is the Queen’s English.
I have always pronounced it as G, I, F separately.
Your co-author Jretchen McCulloch?
I think it's pronounced ghif but whatever
zhaif
I say zhife.
I wish spelling worked like this - life would be so much easier for us Dyslexics.
I pronounce Gif like the word gift, because people hand them out like gifts
What about regex and 'rejex'? Love to see that vid 😀
I can almost feel the frustration of the inventor of the word whenever someone pronounces GIF with a g sound
JIF army where Y'all at?
Even though I know "jif" is the right one imma still going to use "gif" no matter what
I don't know why I can't remember how I normally pronounce this word ... but if I had to guess the normal variation that I pronounce is, "Giffy" and ahhhh.... I still can't remember. Because I know I pronounce Jiffy as, well, "jiffy". Looking back now, I think I also pronounce Giffy as, "Jiffy". :(
I don't care how you say it as long as I understand what you're talking about. Also I tend to change how I say it depending on language. In French (my native language) I tend to pronounce it 'jif' while in English, I pronounce it 'g if' because in French, a 'g' and a 'i' together make the sound 'j' unless there is a 'u' between them. The 'u' stays silent but the 'g' changes its pronounciation.
G-I-F Gif
I'm on mobile and can't be bothered with IPA but I pronounce it like hife
Dude stop making people their life is a lie lmao
In russian we say "гиф" with a hard g, so GIF it is
Well trolled sir!
What about git?
You said the correct answer earlier in the video.  Descriptivism says that both pronunciations are valid. That's it.
So... S-Q-L vs 'sequel' ?
2:32  Tom said "GIF" as /ɡif/
But... I've been calling it G I F
I speak the language of the gods then. I have been calling it jif for like a few years now lmao
GIF stands for Giraffics Interchange Format.
What's brown and sounds like a bell? Duuuuuunj
Uhhh... Okay... I'll call it GIF any way 😜
Me thinking that the title would explain the video The video title: nope
Congratulations on getting on trending!
In the world where everyone has a voice the correct answer is decided by the ill informed masses rather than the knowledgeable minority.
gif sounds longer than gif that's why I prefer saying gif
The "G" stands for Graphics, not Giraffe so it's a "ɡ" not "dʒ"
"Clumpininuf-OOOO" is a bit hard to pronounce, I'll stick with GIF with a hard G
i did't know that "scuba" was an acronym.  the more you know
I have always known it was GIF, not GIF!!!!!
GIF, pronounced as a word, is just the short form of the abbreviation GIF [d̠ʒiː aɪ ef], so it should definitely be pronounced "d̠ʒif".
Gif rhymes with life.
It's pronounced as Gif
I thought it was pronounced 'obsolete'
Guys its not GIF its GIF
People who pronounce "GIF" as "JIF" being sent to hell after calling God "Jod"
it's easy - just ask the inventors of gif^^
IT'S JIF!!
How about 'El Yif'?
It’s pronounced GIF. NOT GIF.
i've been reading it as 'Gee-I-Eff' lmao
Let the format rest in peace and never use it again ;-)
i agree that it is gif and not gif
HONEST QUESTION: But do the rules of linguistics and its natural ability to change and be flexible as time goes on still hold up when it comes to name pronunciation? Like I know it's an acronym, but it's also a "thing" invented by a person, like an eponym but not exactly? So therefore wouldn't we have to pronounce it the way the creator of said thing decides?
let's end it  i will be saying g-i-f
I personally say gif
Freak everyone imma call it JIF
I am going to stick with a hard g. It sounds better.
I meannnn.... it's not called germany for nothing....
Googleing Y iff and instandly regretting it.
Everyday we stray further from jod.
Everyone: is fighting if its jif or gif Me an intellectual: jee-aaii-eff
Actually there is already a jiff file extension. So why would you want to make it more confusing by calling gif "jif"?
I say it as G I F
*MY NAME IS GEFF*
Claim your “here before a million views” ticket here
And then there I am actually saying it as G-I-F (jee-eye-eff)
There is quite a number of people who understand the creator of the GIF is simply attempting to cause a false controversy over the pronunciation to thrust himself into the limelight for another 15 minutes of fame ;)
The correct answer is actually Yif
I say it  G I F
Jif is easier to say so i do not care what anyone thinks
Never heard anyone say jif!
no its pronounced Yiff
Just because most people pronounce it a certain way doesn't make them right. It's not "realitor" or "jewlery" or "accompanyist" or...
In my language, you can only use hard Gs before the vowels “a”, “o” and “u”. If you wanted a hard G before the vowels “e” and “i”, you’d have to add an “u” between them, like so: “Guif”. Therefore, if GIFs had been invented in my country, they would certainly be pronounced like “jif”. They weren’t, so I still use the hard G in GIF, because it sounds better
People think stuff like this is pedantic but try to mispronounce words when over radio communications and it's possible to get someone killed. Small details matter, granted usually only in uncommon circumstances. One argument I never hear anyone talk about is the actual functional advantage of 'gif' vs 'jif', which is what other words you may confuse them with. Gift sounds very much like the word gif, and can be used in the exact same context. "I sent you a gif" could easily be misheard as "I sent you a gift", whereas nobody is going to assume "I sent you a 'jif'" means I sent you a brand of peanut butter.
Why doesn’t everyone just call it Gif? simple
Am i the only one who pronounce it as G I F?
Stop over complicating it, it's pronounced GIF
if its pronounced "JIF not GIF", then why spell it GIF not JIF??
is it tomato or toMAto
if only 30% of people call it a Jif then the masses have spoken its Gif, with a G not a J. full stop. end of line.
Its "gif" guys Beleive me
We should just make it so letters only make 1 sound. I'm looking at you 'C'.
Gif is a perfectly cromulent way to pronounce gif
I call it by how it's spells, Ex; G-I-F.
i pronounce it as G.I.F.
me, who grew up speaking Italian: what is this nonsense
2:08 often or offen?
I always thought that"Jill" was strange when spelt with a G
Choosy moms choose dʒɪf.
I say ʒɪf like the g in mirage or pigeon.
0:38 "pronOunciation"... I see what you did there 🤣👍
solution: pronounce it letter-by-letter. say jee-eye-eff
I pronounce it like:- Gee Ai Ef... (G I F)     My whole life has been a lie
I say gif out of spite for those who go "Actually the creator said it's pronounced JIF."
I was today years old when I found out Scuba was an acronym and not just a nice name
It's "pronunciation", (NOT "pronounciation")
Wait? English does that to acronyms? It's not the people saying GIF differently who are wrong; it's the English language that's wrong!
Just say jgif
This is the most advance breakdown of something i really dont care... PS : its Jeff take it or leave it
I go with the “gist” side because I studied French for a while, and with “i” after “g” it’s usually pronounced soft.
My dumbass just found out that laser and scuba were acronyms •-•
Potato potato
Give and gift are way more similar to gif than gin or gist. I mean come on, the "ve" part of "give" is literally pronounce like an f. One would think that would be enough to settle the debate.  Also thanks for making the point that only because you create an acronym, you don't get to decide how it's pronounced, I thought I was beginning to go crazy.
ITS SPELLED G I F SO ITS GIF, that's like speaking Ice Cream IsCream.
Is this a reupload? I'm sure that I have seen this before??
Plot twist: One day Steve will get on Twitter or something and just tell the world, "I was trolling you all to see how big a response it would get."
Giffgaff doesn't use a j. So I know it's pronounced gif
Well. We have a peanut butter company called Jif and is actually pronounced Jif so if we have that and then have GIF. Why would it not be pronounced Gif? Should we argue that the peanut butter company Jif be pronounced Gif?
it was only today when I realized SCUBA is an *acronym* and not a single word
English pronunciation is the worst. In Germany, we don't have that problem. Once you know the spelling, you almost always immediately know the pronunciation as well.  All Germans say /gif/ btw
sorry but ti's pronounced GIF
I say it as G I F
Bruh after this video I can’t remember what I used to say GIF as before
And I've been pronouncing it as jee-ai-ef
Now I feel weird. I always pronounced it *G.I.F*
It's settled! _Red shirt guy_ gets *Trending on YouTube* for talking about random gibberish...  Or is that *g*ibberish?
PNG... ‘G’ ‘I’ ‘F’
So what about all those people named "Geoff"? They're idiots, right?
I don't care what the dude says, for me it's gif with a hard g. But either way it's a really inneficcient file format, cant wait for "web-m" to be more widely accepted.
It's supposed to be spelled , not pronounced.
2:00 alright but what if we all just agree to say 'jif' to make that counter 69
No! It's GIF not GIF 😒
I've been saying G.I.F my whole life
This topic feels 5 years old too...along with the video
The "G" is silent
I just say G-I-F. I guess I'm on the what drug are you on side
If you don’t pronounce it jif then you need to jet out. Jod won’t forgive your sins. Also if you joojle it you’ll see it’s jif. Gesus Christ you guys are dumb.
Also gift not jift
Google translate says it gif not jif
1:25  Tom: "laser" isn't pronounced "laser" Me: *confused in polish*
This is why english spelling should be changed to how it is spoken
I call it GIF, what does everybody else pronounce it
Welcome back to another season of Comments War: The GIF War
there is no soft g in the word graphics. end of discussion
English people trying to make sense to their prononciation when lead, read, lead and read don't sound the same..
This is what happened when one don't follow its own language rule, phonics.  That's make English confusing.
"My name is D3iyf"
I can't wait to get my family jifts for christmas!
And I was saying 'jee-ai-ef' (pronouncing the capital letters)
geh
Heef.
I always say jeraphics interchange format
It's "psycholinjuistics".
Summary: English is stupid
Many people say its pronounced as "gif" and some say its "gif" but the correct way to pronounce it is "gif".
When you have the wrong spelling compared to the correct spelling in regards to the pronunciation, I wonder which would make more sense...
I say it like /ɣɪf/ (in IPA), but that's because I'm Dutch. The whole world say stuff in their own weird way.
Qantas should be pronounced  Kantas, but people keep saying Kwontas.
I thought it was pronunced as G.I.F
This shows the flaws of the English pronunciation. So inconsistent.
But what if GOD came down to earth and said it's JOD not GOD and then left.
Welcome the the world of local colloquialisms.
It's jif.
It's Jee-Eye-Ef
Me who pronounced it a G-I-F
GIF, but you pronounce it as Gee Eye Eff to own all the people who say it as jiff or giff.
Actually the Oxford explanation is wrong. It is not a losless format (what is a losless format anyway? It is a compression algorhythm...) Wrong in so many ways...
I pronounce it "throat warbler mangrove".
It's pronounced G.I.F. it's obvious.
Hahaha I READ IT G I F
GIF
I think it’s GIF
so no one was going to tell me laser was an acronym before i watched this?!
When youve already read one half of a book and then you realize you've been pronouncing one name wrong but you can't re-learn it now😂
“It’s pronounced jif not gif!” WOW U ARE SOOO SMURT
Its finally settled then
oh my jod. how is this debate still going on.
gif
NOOOOO THEY ALWAYS KILL THE TRUTHBEARERS
It's definitely gif, not gif
*I invented a thing, gave it a title and a nickname, and here's how to say it...*  _Nuh uh! I get to decide! And we can vote on it!_  And that's how pseudointellectualism works, boys and girls.
Gif with a soft g is a mildly abrasive cleaning product here, known as Cif in some parts of the world.
I'm just happy that while speaking Finnish, we don't even have the [dz] sound and a word-initial G is always [g]. (You could also argue we don't really have that sound either, but it does appear in so many loan words - 'golf', 'gambiitti', 'gepardi', 'giljotiini', 'gif(fi)' etc. - that most people know how to pronounce it.)
Nice Thom, you have in-Wrapped another dum inconsistency in the english lang-garage.  Comgradgulation!
Like if you’re part of Gif gang
Oh, give me a break.
it's g-i-f <3
I dont speak in English so lets just say I say GIF in my language
Who da faq says jiff
y'all it's neither gif nor gif, it's gif.
Please now tell people it's pronounced CHAR
Australia has a brand of washing detergent called "Jif", so I never even thought about pronouncing "GIF" with a J sound. BTW shouldn't that be /J/retchen McCulloch?
Isn’t it technically “yif”
TIL: laser and scuba are acronyms
It's an acronym. G I F, three separate letter. Do you pronounce exe, pdf or png too? No, because these are acronyms, they're *primarily* not pronounced as a word.   So is it jif or gif? It's G I F (gee-eye-ef").
No, no, no. It’s spelt “Raymond Luxury-Yacht”, but it’s pronounced “Throat Wobbler Mangrove”.
What is god is pronounced jod?
GIF is almost dead as a format and we still haven't figured how to pronounce it!
i pronounce it gif not jif because g is always /g/ in my native tongue
Furries pronounce it as yif
And I am here pronouncing it G I F
nope. GRAPHIC interface. it starts with a 'G'. i do not care what anybody feels about this at all, as it will always forever pronounced properly be me...until they change graphics to japhrics.
There is a time where I pronounce it G.I.F
You get to choose how YOUR name, or the name of your progeny, are pronounced. Literal progeny or otherwise.  You don't get
I use jiff and giff interchangeably and drive my friends nuts.
It’s pronounced yiff
2:45 I think you got those two "gill"s the wrong way around.
Oe kae
Aight lmk if you pronounce it gif, on Jod
I say "G" "I" "F" "file"
as a german, I didn't run into this problem in my day to day language 😂
So what about LaTeX?
I pronounce it fig... but I've been told I'm dyslexic
It’s pronounced gift
I hate whenever someone quotes the formats creator.  It’s “g”raphics. Not “j”raffics. Enough said, there is no debate. He’s wrong. Done.
Anyone thinking of buying Nvidia's new Jpu?  Also can't wait for Cyberpunk, the japhic looks amazing.  You pronounce Gin as jin? TIL. Jin and tonic vs Gin and tonic. Well english is my second language, though my language has it's influences on english, this I just dont understand.  But Gif till the end,
Thanks for the tip! I will now bring down an entire wall when I am going to pronounce GIF.
Not gonna lie, the more science-y videos that are on YT that attempt to explain people, the more confusing people appear. Every new video:  "People are weird. Why are people so weird?" "Well they generally do this because they like things to be exactly like this, here's the psychology of the methodology, and here's a vast amount of history and statistics based on it." "But WHY do they care?" *confused shrug*
Saying that gif is pronounced like jif is like saying God is pronounced Jod
Everything would be solved if someone came up with a new format called JIF ! This way the GIF and JIF would be separate
Is it gif or gif?
Ma name is *jif*
Everyone: GIF with a hard G or soft G  Me, a unique: GīFE
and here i am pronouncing it jee-eye-eff u know....... just so i dont need to argue and to not pick a side
🎁-t
If you say jif you need to say Jod, Jreat, and more-_-
The creator is right though.
G-I-F.
Everyone pronouncing it as gif, or jif, meanwhile, I'm still pronouncing it as  Gee I eff
even if you create something you don't make the call on how it's supposed to be used, uno is a great example.
It’s GIF not JIF are you crazy
I have a friend who always says G.I.F. like says all three letters and never has to worry about anyone telling her she’s wrong
In Sweden we have an even bigger divide because of a cinnamon bun-like snack named “gifflar” and I’d say it’s about fifty fifty from what I’ve heard in that case.
Back in the 90's there was a graphics extension *.jif. So as a consequence we started calling *.gif with a hard g to distinguish the 2. All the people saying gif is pronounced jif, how would you then differentiate jif from gif when u spoke to someone?
I've decided for now on, I'm pronouncing it as G.I.F. Y'know like PNG, or PDF.    I'll stop the war by creating a common enemy 😔
People who say data vs people who say data. It's Data, debate settled.
What is everybody talking about? Its clearly GIF, not GIF
Since this is an acronym for graphical (G) interface (IF), and graphical starts with a hard g, there's a valid reason for that pronunciation.
I have always been a strong believer that it should be pronounced gif, but I still pronounce it gif
Being a mod of /r/gifs... I pronounce it with a hard j xD
The problem isn't gif The problem is every word that has g pronounced as J It's f**king g, not J, you idiots, stop pronouncing it like it has a j
Data or data ?
In spanish "j" is pronnounced as an "h" (or a g) so we say "gif" anyways
G.I.F     Problem solved.
Does the international point of view help in any way? - to me (mother tongue = german) G instead of J feels more natural. Would be interested how other nationalities see this.
People that pronounce gif as "Jif" owe royalties to the peanut butter company every time they say it.
But no one is answering why the letter 'G' is pronounced 'JE' and not 'GE'
It’s like the G in garage
“gif” can be silent, if you take the g from “gnome”, the i from ”business”, and the second f from “fifths”. Next time someone asks you how to pronounce it, just don’t say anything and nod.
Me, An intellectual : G. I. F.
In czech it is GIF not džif XD G is G NOT DŽ XD Just language joke XD
I might start saying it both ways in quick succession the same way I do with “scone” because there’s always someone in the room who doesn’t agree with the pronunciation 🧐 “That’s a top quality GIF’JIF you have there”
Either it's a Christmas present or it's peanut butter.
"JIF" is a peanut butter brand, not a graphic interface file.
The makers of JIF peanut butter get it. "JIF" being a word they chose for their peanut butter because it was easy to spell, say, and remember. At the time Jiff or Jiffy would have been a common place term meaning 'a moment' or 'in a moment'. So there was already an association for people to make (like Having JIF peanut butter being part of a quick meal). If they wanted to make things hard they would have spelled it GIF. Because G has two possible ways of saying it. And that's a problem. We already have the letter J. We don't need a letter that has it's own pronunciation, but also sometimes sounds like J. If we want to use the J sound we should spell words that we want to use it in with a J. Greater consistency makes it easier to learn and increases their utility. I think the rule about not having such rules is a bad rule.  Also the letters in acronyms should make the same sound that they do in the words they stand for. There isn't a good reason why they shouldn't and it would mean that making Acronyms becomes elevated from convenience to poetry (if you pair it with rules like not using representing conjunctives in an acronym or always trying to make it sound like a word). Additionally I'd almost be willing to bet that it would make what the letters stand for in an acronym easier to remember.  ...I'm going to keep say Gif with a hard G. Because G is a bastard letter and needs to be put in it's place.
I thought the G was silent?
This wouldn’t happen if English pronunciation was consistent
Choosy moms choose JIF...  I choose GIF
It's a file format not peanut butter.
The Spanish translation for LASER would spell "LASSER", so technically when us spanisspeakers pronounce it wrong in English, it would in fact be right(?).
Tom's the kind of guy who tells you how you think without even knowing you.
My name is Jeff.
Let's just pronounce it with the Spanish 'G' - hhhif, with a kind of guttural 'h' sound. A ' voiceless velar fricative' according to the linguists.
I'ma be honest with you I use both based on how im feeling
Of course! It's GIF, not GIF!
Just say gee ayee ef( gif pronounced letter by letter) this solves all problems
But we can all agree that pronouncing each letter in GIF is definitely wrong no matter who you are
Am I the only one that says " G I F "?
Jif is my peanut butter. Gif is my second language on messenger.
s c u b b a
Giraffe...
It's not GIF, it's GIF!
TIL "laser" was an acronym....
Oh my jod
Let's just say YIF
The correct pronunciation should be based upon the actual way to pronounce the word "Graphic" as was originally used.  Graphic is a Greek word, and the "g" is a gamma...which is pronounced somewhere between a hard "g" and a "y", but held at the back of the throat.  So...the closes way to pronounce it using English letters...would be "Yif".  Thanks for coming to my TED talk.
I say jif, ngl
yiff it is
Glad to use my jraphics tablet
well this makes me upset
I say jif, not ghif
Doesn't matter as long as you use a long 'i' sound.
I don't care which one. UR wrong.
The way the creator wrote "its pronounced jif not gif" where the spelling g+i+f is used for the hard g really says it all imo. Even someone who is diehard team jif couldn't come up with a way to express that efficiently without completely undermining his position.
I've never said GIF as in gift. Smh nerddddds
Like comparable (and incomparable)... People used to know how to say this word, then one day, some hick mispronounced it and now most people do... Hint: It's NOT compare able... Why do people who know the correct pronunciation of a word start mispronouncing it because they heard someone else do it? There's a topic for you.
I advocate for a neutral form, using a voiced uvular fricative instead. That way, I can unite both sides with my wrongness. If they only agree on one thing, it's that my pronunciation is wrong.
I say it by letter like G-I-F. I know it's longer to pronounce but I'm used to it.
It’s a file extension so you say it in a way where it cannot be confused. If you said dot jif that could be confusing.
Germans thinking the jif is pronounced "yiff": WTF
Glad, tom scott's back
There's a popular cleaning product here in Australia called Jiff. So for me, its natural to pronounce GIF as if it werent said cleaning product
It's pronounced "jif" with a soft "j"..."yif"
its pronounced "yiff"
When you said "ones an old measurements, ones a part or a fish" your arms were gesturing to the wrong words.
I'm team jif - I pronounced it as jif for so long, it would be difficult to unlearn it.
The correct answer is YES!
Nobody: Spanish speakers (me): hiff
GIF G AY F
It's either G as in (G)I-IDLE or g as in doge.
Jif is a brand of peanut butter, so I'll stick with the hard G....🤫
Choosy mother’s chose GIF.
Uhh, you totally forgot to mention the one true pronunciation: "gee eye eff"
I think it’s  GIF, NOT JIF
So the answer is yes.
Gérard, the geriatric ginger gypsy gym owner from Geneva gently gestured through his indigestion to the genuinely genius German Gemini Geoffrey , “Gee, the gems in this gyroscopic genetically gestational gelatinous gypsum are generating generally well.
47th on trending!
In a world of 20min videos, Tom Scott respects our time.
It's pronounced Gif, with a hard G.
Cesar non Supra Grammaticos... Just because the inventor says it's pronounced one way doesn't mean it is
In my mind, I say "gjif," like how yanny/laurel is "yorelny"
On a similar topic, is it pronounced data or data?
Omg I finally get the title
Choosy moms choose JIF, for Peanut Butter and that’s it. If it’s Graphic Interchange Format, then they and the grumpy geezers go with GIF.
iTs PrOnOuNsEd JiF  No. plese shut up. you're wrong.
it's gif (pronounced jif) uwu
THE SACRED TEXTS!
It's gif like gift, because it deals with GRAPHICS.
I say jif
It's another Linguistics episode!   ...   I thought you said these were done or am I crazy?
always pronounced it with the soft g. don’t understand why people get all pissy over pronunciation, it’s just how i say it.
*giraffe* interchange format
I go for gif not gif         I know you said it your own way
It was universally pronounced correctly until the late-'90s when some kids came up with their silly arguments about how it 'should' be pronounced with a hard 'g'.  The guys at CompuServe who invented it said they decided on the pronunciation so that they could say "Choosy developers choose GIF" I get fed up getting confused by trying to figure out if people mean GIF or gift, but are just being lazy with the trailing 't.'
What about tomato?
Jif as in peanut butter. I've never heard anyone say it with a hard g.     No it's not. 1:02   The reason we pick one over another is peer pressure. It's simple mimicking behavior.
I'm thinking of switching to a hard G because it's always been (hard G) *garbage* format anyway. 256 color palette, and its overuse back in the mid-90s *still* instantly reminds me of (soft G) Geocities sites shat out by FrontPage. The only thing missing is a badly generated MIDI and broken webring navigation links.
Creator: THAT'S NOT HOW YOU PRONOUNCE IT!  Everyone + Oxford Dictionary: *Uno reverse card*
I thought it was pronounced thGicc
Gif is a file extension, like png. No one pronounces other file extensions as a word....
Why do people from the British English pronounce their TH like F?
i can see the bad green screen
How about G.I.F?
I dont care, im gonna say gif
Wait laser is an acronym?!
...but wait!!  "gif" = "gift"  .... not "jif" "sof" = "soft"  ... not "zof"
I think personally its Gif not Jif
to me, it's GIF not JIF
Gif is a file format. Jif is a peanut butter.
It's not the only mispronounced word. What about _"DATA"_ as in Commander Data. Doctor Pulaski mispronounced his name as Dah tah  to hilarious effect.
None of the above, I pronounce it as individual letters: G, I, F like most 3-letter acronyms
As a Gigi, my inclination is to pronounce "GIF" with a soft G. :) Decent opponents you have here in this match, sir.
I go with hard G because I have never Jiven anyone a Jift.
Don't tell me how to say giraffe!
This is what I always struggle with, pronunciation. Why not be like other languages that have accents when written, makes more sense and make the words sound like the way they're written.   I'm gonna learn a different languages to use instead c:
The correct answer is Ge-I-Ef
I feel like it being an acronym still matters, seeing all of the letters capitalized is a large reason why I use a hard G but if I had seen it uncapitalized I might have used a soft one just because a lowercase g looks way more like a j but an uppercase one instantly screams hard G to me. That's also why the other acronyms aren't relevant laser has at this point become a word and many people don't even know it's an acronym, JPEG has the PE in the middle so you can't really pronounce that in any other way and so on. In this case GIF being an acronym obviously informs how we pronounce it.
speaking german i say gif and speaking english i say jif. wth is wrong with me??!?
Obviously we follow how the creator pronounces it. I’ve always said it as jif.
idc
i....don't hear the difference between most of these......but i'm jerman........
It's pronounced Gerft
The solution to this problem is to let the Welsh figure it out
If someone gives another person a hard time for pronouncing a word differently, they need to get off their high hawrsehole.
Ok but if G-I-F-T is pronounced gift then when you take off the T it’s gif not jif
Oh, I thought it was pronounced “nerd.“
That's what happens when your language is just a mix of other languages. Can't be consistent.
I have always been pronouncing each individual letter for it because it's an acronym so why the h not.
None of the languages that use variants of the Latin alphabet can agree on what to do with G and J anyways.  This is what happens when you deregulate morphemes.
One worth mulling over- Gigabytes truly are gigantic.
Love it
Technically, its pronounced G.I.F., due to it being an acronym, but if I know people enough, they don't want to spell things
I thought it was pronounced PNG now.
Anyone else notice there are so many verified people in this comment section?
jeiff. idea channel stated it
When people tell me GIF should be pronounced JIF I ask them how should JIF be pronounced then and why would it be pronounced the same if the letters are different?
I have always just called it G I F. Pronouncing each letter separately- an Initialism, not an acronym.
I guess I’m part of that 30%
I just say G.I.F
When u find out the word laser is an acronym.....
Let’s all agree, it’s pronounced gif
I say we call it Bob. Who’s with me? 🤣
actually it's pronounced yiff
I favor pronunciation based on position. My view is that spoken language selects sounds positionally.
I see we totally skipped the YIFF argument.
"Choosy moms choose Jif."
Haven't we seen this video before?
I call it "The Graphics Interchange Format" 😌
Just because the format's creator pronounces it wrong doesn't mean everyone else has to be wrong, too.    Seriously though, what's the point of a "phonetic language" if a bunch of the letters can make multiple sounds that already have letters of their own? Want a J sound?  Use a J.  Else G. Don't get me started on C, when we already have S and K. (yet the "ch" sound doesn't have a dedicated letter)
Meh
Its gif, not jif.
GIF > JIF  The latter is a bottled lemon juice brand XD.
GIRAFFE
aluminum aluminium
IDGAF what the creator says.
Why is the pinned comment from 1 month ago?
I call a fig a fig, not a fig, which most people think is the right way of saying it
It’s obviously jif
Giraffeics Interchange Format  For all your safari photo needs
IT'S GIF, NOT GIF GOD DAMNIT!
Gerald
It’s Gif
PBS Idea Channel's Mike always called it "zjaif"-- with that shushy French J sound-- in order to avoid the controversy, and that's been my favorite way to pronounce it ever since.
I'm more of a gif guy than a gif guy Btw I pronounce it guh-jif to use both pronunciations
Jif sounds like peanut butter and Gif sounds like git...I think the choice is obvious
All this pulava over a file format, makes me wonder how they'd pronounce formats like .pdf or .wmv, or ,... hang on. (what?)  pdf. (.... sooo....)  puh-duh-efff..  squint your ... ears.. (hOw?!) and it kinda sounds like a symbol.    ... (?) .... from a drum kit (oh right) and you suddenly got the end of a (bad) joke!  Puh-duh-FFF!  didn't Tom do 'what does a drumkit falling down actually sound like' years ago?)
I want to shout out the simple elegance of Tom's thumbnail organization -- having recurring series' labels marked with a red bar/corner is an easy way to visually organize your content. Haven't seen that anywhere else!
It's definitely GIF
I couldn't care less about what the allegedly correct pronunciation.
Tom said my name 💗💞💕
GIF  "A lossless format for ima...."  Wait what? Lossless? Had the guy who wrote that dictionary ever seen a gif? Gifs are almost monochromatic...
why are there so many big youtubers in the comments ?
It's "wizard photo". Period.
I’ve been saying jif
Today I learned that Scuba is an acronym.
It's GIF. Everyone who pronounced it as JIF is a jit
I pronounce it gif
Tom Scott’s thumbnails are the best
Im currently at scott wozniaks house in waterville ohio.
If it were pronounced JIF then it would be JIF, but it's GIF.  I'm done with this
It is Jif
1:25 Hm.
I think  the soft g makes sense because it associates with jiffy, which renders the idea of a short and fast video/animation, it mentally pairs a meaningful acronym with a more descriptive word.  An interesting test would be to ask an oblivious user which of two images (one static, one gif) would pair well with either gif or jif. But I really don't know if it could be possible nowadays when everyone and their grandmothers knows what a gif is.
Furries be like "its showtime"
why dont we ask the person who made the word?? its his or her word...
It’s clearly pronounced Zhaif
At least for the American English branch of language evolution; "Gif" is probably compared most heavily to the word "Gift."   Gift would be one of the most common words that even young children are familiar with, and sharing the most commanility with what would likely be the latter-learned word, "GIF."
oh i thought it was pronounced GIF, not GIF
Neat video! Thanks for uploading!
What about zhif Жif
DATA!!
I feel like the "j" sound is commonplace among people who used computers back when using computers was somewhat niche. A smaller community meant more word-of-mouth and less self-determined pronunciation.  Thus jif is traditional, gif is heterodox.
the letters "gi" in Italian always makes the soft g sound, NEVER the hard g.
Its gif not jif
Even if the Almighty told me it was jif I'd flip Jod the bird and walk backwards into Hell
It’s pronounced TOM
-gif- *yiff*
I swap between the two.
Yiff-gang!
What, no love for Michael Rugnetta trying to avoid the argument with (don't have the fancy phonetic letters, bear with me) "zhaif"?
gif
You say GIF, I say GIF. Lets call the whole thing off.
Scuba and laser are acronyms? You learn something new everyday! :')
Last name starts with a G. So, we named my kid Jenevieve not Genevieve. Didn’t want the G making different sounds. Also because initials would have been EGG.
So as per the language rules explained here, it's a popularity contest... Except there are many words that have 2 accepted pronunciations so why not "GIF"? If you follow the logical path of this popularity rule then you realise that there is a certain balance that legitimises both pronunciations and "GIF" would seem to be in that zone - Although other words with multiple pronunciations probably don't differ on the starting sound. If you consider other words that have had a change in pronunciation then you'd realise that by necessity there had to be a period where the new pronunciation was the less popular one until it gained popularity for some reason. With this in mind it's clear that the organic nature of such language shifts has to leave room for alternate pronunciations.
how about other languages? in germany the G is hard anyway and since germany has a lot of impact on european languages, maybe some of the 70% are germans who dont even know what "jiff" would mean.
Bbc news
I didn't know laser was an acronym
so, why does Linus Torvalds get to dictate the pronunciation of Linux, but Steve Wilhite does not get to dictate the pronunciation of GIF?
Jif is peanut butter. At least thats how i decided which to use.
Hard G only
It's jiff fite me
So if we take it at face value nobody says it right as I have never heard anyone call it "My co author gretchen...."
In Spain we say /xif/
I think the reason I've always pronounced it (soft g) gif is due to always using it in a sentence with jpeg, eg "Should I save this picture file as a gif or jpeg?". The double soft-g sound, at least for me, is easier to say.
i don't give jifts for Christmas
I used to pronounce it JIF throughout secondary school and nobody argued with my pronunciation (probably because I was the most competent person with computers in my year). When I got to college, that's when someone "corrected" me and called it GIF. I didn't even think to argue and just went with it because before that, nobody corrected my pronunciation. I just immediately assumed I was pronouncing it wrong because I had never actually hear anyone else say it out loud.
It's easy, just follow the 'g' in 'Gigantic'!
Gin is derived from ginseng, whereas git, gift, gill, and gid are all the same pronunciation without derivation.
Is it Google or Googol.
Tomato, tomato, tomato same thing.
I can’t read so fs in chat for me
You say it with a hard "G" at the end... To quote Yoda, "Revealed your opinion is"
Jeff.
draphics interchange format
I am a staunch believer in death of the author. Once a concept, idea or story is out there, it is out of the control of their creator. Gif is the more common usage, so, as far as density of use goes, Gif is the correct pronunciation.  I read a pun on how you'd go to hell for calling God "Jod".
I will stick to the Dutch pronunciation. Fun fact, gif means poison in dutch
This is probably because it looks like “gift” so we all just pronounced it as gift but without the T
I say G I F
"jif" is a brand of peanutbutter.
the fact that people can’t settle on how to pronounce a word shows how terrible can English orthography be 😂    *excluding dialectal variation
Gif pronounced as jif just doesn't look right, but Gif as in gift does, and it can only be spelt that way only.
I have a question for you who believe that there’s no God and that nothing made the universe. If this is true. Then if God is no-thing and therefore is nothing. Then can’t the universe come from him?  Also if you believe that the universe is infinite; then how is it that our bodies are part of the universe whilst our consciousness is also part of our bodies whilst our consciousness came into existence via our birth? This means that our consciousness is finite because it began, there for our bodies are finite and finally the universe MUST be finite...
I've known its called Jif for years but I still say gif because its more fluid
Oh yes! Stay Lingthusiastic! <3
the correct answer is gif, because jif a peanut butter brand. calling it jif only makes people think you're talking about peanut butter.  end of story. no further debate needed.
The correct way, is gerf
Jpeg is pronounced Jayfeg
If YouTube had live thumbnails you could say there's.. There's a.. A GIFraffe
Where my yif gang at
It's gif.
And then there's us, not english-speakers. In Italy most of the people say jif
Give it a few years and they'll rebrand it to CIF
people making up noises  like adding a "g" in pendulum
He's like the Chidi Anagonye of English Language
girraffe.. gif.   i hope this clears things up
For me it depends on the languange. In Czech we always pronounce the 'hard G' but in English it depends on the word, so the words we naturally pronounce as 'glass' almost always in English ends like 'gin' and in my head the same thing happend to GIF. ..i never doubted the pronounciation.. thank you, now I have sth to think about XDD
If god themself game down from the heavens and told me it was gif with a j I would backpedal my way into hell knowing I will be right
i do it interchangeably
I think it’s pronounced Gif
Neither GIF or JIF  We all know its pronounced CIG
Hmm.. no I think it's gif
Do you know what I've known how to spell GIF my whole entire life it's so easyanyone out there who doesn't know how to spell GIF tell me what year your in or if ur an adult reply back an say because that spelling is so easy for most of us but not for some people out there 😉😂😉
Like "Gift" but without the T at the end.
Everyone trying to be clever. There are 2 domains: forced and natural. Most in the natural consider the the fact that when you write out of the letter G you primarily give words with it a "gift" sound as that is the unique G sound. ("guh" as in not "juh"). Next, what is the gif most similar to? "gift". Have a good day.
the gif that keeps on giving.
*Me who calls it G-I-F* : 🙁
Everyone knows the answer, it's pronounced "Gee-Eye-Eff"
I just pronounce it with a hard G because 'jif' is already taken by lemon juice.
Doesn't matter
Team "GIF" right here!
@2:32 Nice. Now do _'Quarks'_ not _'Quorks'_ for those of us who love The Standard Model and are a) British, and 2) DS9 fans.
I always called it as JIF and not GIF
i hate when people call it jif
It’s gif.
gif just sounds dumb
I do love ghiffy peanut butter.
The main stream of computing gives great advantage to British and USA Americans...for the rest of us there are innovations yet to be realized...Hola from Panama
Ill call God, Jod then
0:32 No I *cannot* see the problem there. What’s the problem?!?
It’s pronounced with a hard G because Jif is peanut butter.
Yay I have been pronouncing it “jif” all this while. Great 👍🏼 I’m right as always.
youtube is getting real comfortable with these double 15s ads
Sorry but 70-30 is a landlslide in my book
2:32 Tom clearly has a preference of pronunciation. ;)
This Video was paid for by big peanut butter and you all know it!
It's Pronounced Gif, HARD G.  It's not pronounced Jraphics.  Creator is completely wrong.  100%. Learn to speak your language correctly!
Imagine if God came down and said “it’s pronounced ‘Jod’” and left.
It should be read HIF, fight me!
I used to pronounce it like jif and then I learned about the controversy and that the inventor pronounced it like jif but idk what happened one day I just started saying gif and I haven’t stopped. So maybe you don’t lock it down? I don’t remember making a conscious decision for changing it, it kind of just happened
This is bollocks.
Am i the only one who pronounced it like G  I   F...
What if the G is silent?
The next debate, GILF or JILF?
If the inventor says it’s jif it’s jif by an empirical sense.
A lot of people I know pronounce it hard G and tell me "that's the right way."  On things like this I'd tend to say: "How did the 'maker' pronounce it?".  Anyway - I've been in the minority since my CompuServe days ... Isn't 70% >> 30% a landslide...?  There's something for Tom to explore: what is a "landslide" in vote terms? Is "it's" one word or two?
I've got to say I know it was very well done also gif is spelt GIF I agree who anyone thinks the same as me?!
Bro
What about the idea channel “zhife”?
Is it just me or everyone in this comment section have a check mark next to their name
I like pronouncing it “jif” because I like watching people’s disgust when I do. It’s like I farted silently and they just smelled it.
Spell it right then !
I interchange them both
Whaaat, laser is an acronym?
personally I pronounce it "yiff"
Its bif u fools
For words like this (that are accepted to be pronounced in two ways) I like to switch use both pronunciations in between sentences just to annoy people
Can we just pronounce it Gee Eye Eff
In old English the word 'gif' was pronounced yiff so I guess gif and gif are both wrong
I just learned that LASER and SCUBA were acronyms
2:42 I think you got those backwards.
Little problem here: all these considerations are anglocentric. GIF is an acronym of three English words, but being also a file name extension and and international standard, is used in every other language on earth. Consequently, the pronunciation will also be determined by the native language of the speaker. As an Italian, I always pronounced GIF with a soft G, because in Italian *every* G followed by an I is soft. To have a hard G, we insert an H, so for the G to be hard it would be written as GHIF. On the opposite, to have a soft G in front of (for example) an A, we insert an I.  Hard Gs: GA, GHE, GHI, GO, GU. Soft Gs: GIA, GE, GI, GIO, GIU. So it's a soft G for me.
Oh, english. What a mess you made there.
I like the slide, that says gif isn't pronounced gif.
If you accept the definition that a word, is just some letters divided by a gap, then "gnopit" AAAAAAA
Can you do one for Kamala Harris vs. Kalamazoo?
Which is why I like the idea channels version g"I"f
english intuitive language. winners write history.
I pronounce it Gif, not Jif. If you pronounce it Jif, you are wrong.
its fuking GIF ffs
The end is no longer near; the end is now HERE!  Tomorrow may be too late for you; no one is guaranteed tomorrow. We are all sinners and the wages of sin is eternal death in hell! REPENT and ACCEPT JESUS CHRIST as your saviour today in 3 simple steps  A - Accept that you are a sinner in need of a saviour B - Believe in your heart that Jesus Christ was born of a virgin, died and shed his blood for our sins, buried, resurrected on the third day, ascended to heaven and is seated at the right hand of God C - Confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is lord of your life...
So it should be Picture.Jif?
The person who created the abbreviation:👁️U👁️
I call it Tschif!
I forgot how I say it
I pronounce it with a hard g because that's how we pronounce all the g's in my native language. I'm probably not the only one who defaults to that when unsure about an English  pronunciation.
let's call it GAJIF
Fun fact: I pronounce it GIF in English, but JIF if I'm speaking Italian  (I reckon JIF is more common in Italian, in my experience)
At least we don't call it a G.I.F. (jee-eye-eff)
Thank you for ruining my life.
The pronunciation depends on your age.
I do appreciate that the hard G makes it immediately and obviously distinguishable from the J in JPEG.  You're a lot less likely to need to ask someone to repeat what they've said if you missed part of it, considering they are both image formats.
everyone knew this for a long time already...
ᵗʰᵉ ᵏᶦⁿᵍ
This video made me forget how I say it
Nah, it's dif for sure
I'm surprised the soft g is more popular. I have only ever heard people use the hard g
Anyone else *just* found out that "laser" and "scuba" are actually acronyms?
Is read read read or read?
The only thing that bothers me more than it should is that the creator thought it's his "responsiblity" to make a statement how it's pronounced. Going with that logic I just created a file format, *.gif2 which is pronounced "everyone saying jiff is an idiot." Please feel free to use it
No, its actually G.I.F! *Smort Stonks*
Definitely jif
Wow I just realized I was pronouncing Graphics wrong the whole time even though I am a computer science student.
Simple. Pronounce it like you would MP3, dot G.I.F.
I was right! It's GIF not GIFE
I'm German, therefore jif didn't even come to mind.
1:18 I stopped my 9-5 thanks to, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
Bro, just let me say GIF!
It’s obviously GIF, not GIF
Idk why people say gif
Every comment is “iTs prOnOunCeD GiF”
Lets just pronounce it wengardium leviosa.
It’s not gif, I think it’s gif... Anyone disagree?
I just call it jee eye ef u know :)
I pronounced it jif for years no idea why, I think some computer savy friends did so it stuck then much layer I hear other people say the other way.. Like ethernet and eethernet
But what about the stepchild to the gif/jif argument, how do you pronounce imgur?
Originally pronounced it with a soft g as a child. Was convinced later in life to go by the g in "graphics." Now I don't know what to think, which is my typical response to a Tom Scott video. Cheers.
The answer is: we are lazy and try to "pronounce" acronyms like they are words, which they aren't. Some eventually become words, but these shouldn't (even if they have). There will eventually be so many image and video formats (most steadily becoming virtually obsolete) that it would be a waste of time, brain, and dictionaries to retain specific definitions and pronunciations of everything for any other reason than historical archive reference.
I like the Norde?Gaelic? Pronounciation of Gif: Yiff ;)
SOLVED
I believe it’s Gif and not Jif, but I still pronounce it the way I think is wrong so idk. The G is for Graphics so it’s should be G. Unless you say Jraphics.
Linking this for future "debates"
I've always maintained that "jif" sounds like the peanut butter brand and therefore silly I wonder if competing words can factor in for other pronunciation decisions
Silly English speakers. It's pronounced "gif" with a harsh guttural sound for the "g". Sincerely, speakers of Dutch.
This is the paper background
if the inventor saya thats how it's pronounced that's how it's pronounced... Are you going to tell me I pronounce my name wrong?
This video should actually be about how there's TWO Gillingham's - when the hell did that happen?
Some people just need to be right all the time.
While the Finnish are snickering in the corner following your English pronunciation debates.  'Rally English' doesn't seem so ridiculous now, huh?
I pronounce the alphabets. G. I. F.
You can make people mad by just pronouncing it "gee-eye-eff."
2:30 oops
JPEG Interchange Format, .JIF is a format. Pronouncing ".gif" the same way invites confusion.
liking the green screen (:
will there be a SQL to that discussion?
'Jif' makes sense if you think of GIF as being inspired by jiffy (because they share the idea of reducing time it takes to say/do something).
The correct answer is gif. End of the story'
lets all pronounce it Jyif
just omit the G so it's "if"
I wonder if you could do something similar to the "jingle bells, batman smells" video, and see if there's some sort of correlation between where people live, how old they are and how they pronounce gif? Would be really interesting to watch
just say g i f
If it's gif then it's god
Do one about ardougne :o
We should just be Italians and always pronounce g as soft before e or i...
Ok, boomer
Eventually English doesn't even matter because most languages pronounce g as g not as j and most English speakers aren't native speakers. For example in Polish Java is spoken as yava because way before we knew the programming language we knew the island Jawa [yava] and the type of coffee (same way). Nobody's going to call it java with hard g
GIF for life
Jiff is peanut butter gif is a picture
As a non native English speaker,I would always pronounce it gif
The creator of the word gets to invent how its pronounced. That's why GNU is called gahnoo and not gnu.
I've just started sayin it as yiff 'cuz why the hell not? If the creator can be wrong so can I.
I will pronounce Gif like Gif for the rest of my life.
it d3if
Yes
Jokes on you. In slovak, czech and many other languages "laser" is pronounced "laser", just like you said.
Well actually.. It’s pronounced G-I-F. (Jee-Eye-F)
Giraffe.
What is the point of putting K in front of knife kneel knee  when K is never pronounced?
Everybody knows it's /ɣɪf/
Gif
This is the reason why English language should be thrown away from the Earth completely. It has no simple rules of how a written word shall be pronounced.
Spanish doesn't have this kind of problem. If you can read it, you KNOW how to pronounce it, even where the accent goes.
It's gee eye eff bro
Well i always thought if you had to search it with a different letter it was wrong
in Italy, we all pronounce it "dʒɪf", because for us the pronunciation is always consistent
Ah ok, so it’s pronounced gif.
What I learned from this video: The English language is stupid.
Graphical Interchange Format, therefore GIF. Why is this even a thing, JPEG is consistent with this rule.
It's eskeetit not let's get it
i use both lmao
With the words that have Ji or Gi sounds wouldnt it be useful to compare the words origin to see if it influenced pronunciation to compare to GIF country of origin
It's hey-soos not jesus.
It's gif, not ĝif
Imagine saying "It's pronounced giraffe with a hard G"
It's pronounced   'GIF'   not   'JIF' ...  It stands for   "Graphics Interchange Format"   not   "Jraphics Interchange Format.'
This is a painting of the narcissism of modern humanity. Words starting with G exist with both  a hard G and hard J sound. The inventor of GIF says its pronounced JIF.   Humanity:  Wrong, no such thing as JIF. Its pronounced GIF. Because I think it is and me agrees.
or, if you come from a language thattreats letter pronunciation regularly, like me, you just always pronounced it GIF
Can we just leave this discussion behind and get on with our lives?    It's "JIF".
Damn computer nerds.
The pronunciation of GIF, explained in a jiffy.
It's Gif not Gif.
Came here for an answer, ended up having more question and being more confused.
i call it G    I    F
I'm going to start calling Google, 'Joogle' because it sounds right in my head then.
I'm pronouncing it as G-I-F because reasons.
It’s GIF
Its Giraffe not Giraffe
How many people are there called Gill Gill?
I pronounce it "hif"
In old English it’s pronounced ( yiff)
the G in GIF is for Graphic so its a hard G
It's IKEA, not IKEA.
I know both are probably valid to some extent, but if anyone tells me it's "jif" I'm going to think peanut butter.
It cant be gif. Its gif... right? Or Is it gif? I'm so confused.
I intentional mispronounce words or acronyms on purpose because of how stupid they are somtimes. Like in the small town of Gin Gin(Pronounced like "JIN") There is a store called Supa IGA. But i strait away was like.. 'looks like gin gin supa iga to me.' 'gin' pronounced with a hard G. and the others pronounced 'sup-a' and 'IGA' instead of I.G.A.. Screw your stupid words.. I do what i want!
jee ai ef
At last ...I was riighht !!!!!!
That's right - let's have a religious war about the pronunciation of an acronym ... (Yep, it's not a word. It's an acronym.)
The correct answer is of course [jaɪf]
I say both out loud when speaking to other people: jif-gif
In Spanish, although the correct pronunciation should undoubtedly be something like “Hiff”, we say “gif” with a soft g, as in “gift”, mainly because “hiff” sound kinda off. That being said, no one ever calls it “jif”, since the hard g sound doesn’t exist in our language
Jiffy is a quick construct of time and Gifs are quick moments captured. Case closed.
do you pronounce CIA Cee-Ay-Ey or Sia? -.- so ofc it's not gif, it's Gee-if
Imagine having phonetical consistency... Oh wait
ITS GIF
Me, an intellectual: ji-eye-ef
Gin for the win!!!!! Its Jif.
The file extension ".jif" has a very strong opinion on the matter
"It's a big treat for the yiffers" I heard, while distracted and wondering what the hell just happened to the content of the video
It's JIF!
What if C A T really spells dog and D O G really spells cat and we've been saying it wrong this whole time?
the format creator says it is JIF and only that matters to me.
Jpeg?
The actual pronounciation is a real hard G, like we have in Dutch. Gotta make it sound like radio static.
There is no correct way. It's 3 letters. G, I & F. File extensions weren't created to be pronounced one way or another. They're simply short forms of what the file actually is.
Both camps are clearly wrong. It clearly should be pronounced zhaif.
I was waiting for the "It's pronounced GIF" around 3:22 or so...
If it was pronounced as jif, then why not write it jif. It's gif. LMa0
GIF like gift. Fight me.
Thanks Tom, i'm so gonna pronounce JPEG as JFEG from now on! 🤣
i say it both ways so who cares
People who say jif are the same people who would pick a scooter over a motorcycle
John Garand inventor of m1 garand pronounced his name as gear-end but military and everyone else said ga-rand..... The answer is not what's right but what's acceptable by the majority
I like pronouncing it as JIF
The creator of GIF calls it JIF. This is the way.
who cares
gif is an english word? isn't it called "gif" all around the world? i mean, in the spanish language it's called "gif" too, shoulldn't that be taken in account for seting the correct pronunciation?
People who pronounce gif as "jif" being sent directly to hell after meeting God at the pearly gates and calling him "Jod".
people who use gif should be the nerd, i'm going to pronounce it as gif, i don't care the detail in english, i'm gonna translate it as gif in my language
My name is not pronounced Jiles.
It's pronounced *gif* not *jif*
As a native German speaker I pronounce it “gif” in German and “jif” in English
bruh its pronounced jif
So that's not at all confusing. I'll be back in a jif with a gif.
Answer is: “png” - no one seriously uses gifs anymore
It's Jif, for Jod's sake!
It's actually pronounced Graphics interface format.  So what I'm saying is that it's an acronym and you can pronounce them however you like.  Having said that, Jif is a lightly abrasive cleaning product here (Oz) so for me hard G is better and I really don't care what the creator thinks.
being that one of the jpeg formats is a .jif file (the JPEG Interchange Format) .. it IS a done deal and settled.. it's a bloody GIF with a hard G.. everyone else are idiots who can't read
It's pronounced /gif/ so undoubtedly, so Russian language has already made a Russified form of it "гифка" /gifka/ , with its own characteristics as if it was a typical russian noun and doesn't use "gif" at all.
Imagine thinking it’s pronounced gif, you must be such a loser
Why not G I F, Gee Ei Ef?
The creator of GIF says it's a soft G but the creator of Cornflakes said they'd stop people from ever masturbating so like... so what? 🤷‍♂️
The problem with GIF is that if you treat it like a word (rather than an acronym) the only other words in the English language which start with "gif" are all derivatives of the word "gift", so the pattern-matching parts of our brains will prefer the hard G. The only people, so far as I can fathom,  who prefer the soft g are Americans who wish they were eating JIF Peanut Butter instead of dealing with linguistics or file formats.
I just spell it out
I think expanding on acronyms would've been interesting. You had a tally of "gi" words but how do the vast majority of acronyms actually play out?
I prefer *_Yif_*
I wonder if exposure to the peanut butter brand influences any of the opinions. Or non-English speakers, how does the trend shift?
You know tom, I really didnt need this today. Also, why is everything trying me to rethink life.
How do you pronounce 'graphic'? Yea, argument over.
I feel like I’ve watched this before or is it me?
I don't care as long as you don't say "me-me".
I associate the word to what it is most like. Therefore, personally it is most like 'Gift'. Therefore I pronounce it like Gift but without the T
American inventor of innovative image format wants users to be reminded of the "choosy mothers choose Jif" peanut butter ad: "It should be pronounced "djif" but I'm afraid of trademark lawyers so I'll spell it like the acronym." Descriptivist American tendency: "We'll pronounce it with a hard 'G'." Inventor: FFS!!
GIF is an image, JIF is a peanut butter.
g3if = Jif, the cleaning product gif = GIF, the image format  end of story
The "g" in logic is the same as the "j" in justin...   MIND IS BLOWN.
It's Gif.
Choosy toms choose gif
Something I /didn't/ see here is this: If we pronounce 'gif' as 'jif', then what do we call 'jif' files?
Гиф.
if u gotta specify its jiff then it is probably pronounced gif
π is not pronounced "pie" τ is not pronounced "tau" either  π is pronounced pee And τ is pronounced taf
In French j and g pronunciation is swapped from English. I wonder if there is similar distribution of /gɪf/|/ʤɪf/ in bilingual speakers?
Put it simply, words should be spelt as said, not spelt/said with some stupid "rules" that make it confusing. Non-native speakers already struggle to learn English because of how stupid our rules are, how many of them contradict each other or how oddly they change things. If we want to make our language better, we shouldn't be arguing about how we pronounce something, but instead how non-native speakers would attempt to pronounce it with minimal assistance. Think about the logic before we think about what we are comfortable with or what rules exist, remember "I before E except after C"? What about *science*, a word that is the very foundation of most things we understand, kinda *weird* if you ask me... Sure, it's not a "solid rule", but it clearly does not help with logic.  I say gif because almost every time those letters appear in that order they make a gif sound, I'm not using rules that appear on special occasions to come up with the way it works, I just know it does and that people will most likely know what I'm talking about regardless due to the fact that context exists.
-There is Jif peanut butter spelled with a J  -There is Gif spelled with a G   -both words can’t sound the same
Since when is a fish's breathing anatomy pronounced like the name Jill?!?!??!?!?!?!??!?!?
It's not peanut butter
At least we don't have people saying "it's pronounced yif"
I can't stop watching his shirt try to merge with his left arm.
Can we not gif a fcuk
Its GIF right?
Time to give up and pronounce it as Kevin!
In dutch, "gif" actually means poison so we could just copy that pronounciation. but i'd be interested to see how other languages, or people with english as their second language treat this word. A file format is not language-specific. would there be a difference in resutls between people with different linguistic backgrounds?
14th on trending nice!
No. The commonly accepted pronunciation should not always be the correct answer. If groups of people mispronounce a name so therey just change the pronunciation of their name. It is rediculous to determine group behavior as correct. If part of a word is it give things an identity like a name. Then the changing the pronunciations kind of changes the identity in a way. I will never convert to hard g for gif. It's gif like giraffe.
I just say gee aii eff .....😶
Let's not forget that people want to pronounce it "yiff" which you shouldn't google if you're under 18.
Jif is the animated image equivalent of hanging the toilet paper "under".
it was clearly trolling frim the author of jifs
I'm still a proponent of the 'zhaif' pronunciation.
duh  imagine thinking it’s “jif” XD
I pronounce it as Jee Eye Eff😫
GIF NOT JIF
I pronounce soft g because i speak spanish and that's the way we pronounce it in spanish (at least me)
Meanwhile there are those who say the letters instead. G-I-F
It will never be Jif. End of.
It is GIF not GIF or GIF
God (pronounced "Jod", obviously) could appear before me himself and tell me it was pronounced "jif" and I would give him the finger while walking backwards into hell.
No, its actually pronounced jif.
There are two kinds of people in the world. Those who pronounce GIF with a hard g (gi) and then there are those who are wrong.
Let’s goooo monthly Tom Scott upload to cure my lockdown depression
SOFT G GANG
I always pronounced it with the same g sound as goat and great. To me Jif was a cleaning product that's now known as Cif. That's why it's always a hard g GIF to me. Speaking of hard and soft consonants, the ad pronounced it Cif with the ç sound, (as in the same c at the beginning of certificate as opposed to the c in the middle) so I never pronounced it kif.
“They called me a madman”
So it's GIF.
i really like the joke that jesus/god will descend and loudly proclaim "its pronounced Jod"
Why is this trending  Boring
How about bilingual people who speak English as their second language, but their native tongue is phonetic, ie the one that has letter G pronounced as G in 'get'? I'm sure the percentage of people calling GIF /gif/ would be much higher if that was counted in.
Bilingual here! I pronounce it jif in English and gif in Portuguese. It just makes more sense to my brain.
Psycholinjuistics* you mean
It’s pronounced Shrewsbury.
Fukken, tomato potato
Same with Lithium and not Lizhium 😬
I think it spells Jeff
Is gift.
I call it gif like (G eye Ffff)
JEFF
I feel like you are leaving out all the computer users who are non-native English speakers. E.g. in German we pronouce g the hard version, gif not jif.
In Finnish pronunciation it's always a hard g. So, not "jif".
Tom Scott is a jift to the world.
dang, been pronouncing GIF the wrong way my whole entire life.
hey jeaf(gif)
A pronunciation isn't decided by the creator, It is decided by majority
I'm sorry, but I'll stay saying [ʝif]
Okay, I will now call the mentioned largely-obsolete graphics format "crash-beep".
It's pronounced jif come at me
I call it gjif (guh-jiff), just so I annoy both sides :D
GIF is /g/if [ or pronounced like that by most ] since it sounds close to 'give'      [ nobody says give as jive, even if you say GIF as jif ]
It's gif, not gif.
Jraphics Interchange Format
well actually it's pronounced yiff
Me: Thanks for that gif. Mom: I’m glad you like that peanut butter sandwich. Me: I meant that banana dancing to peanut butter jelly time.
“Pronounciations”... 😐
Yes its      wait. . .
I have always called it jee eye eff
this means war
Uhhhh it's pronounced yiff
I wasn’t your actual opinion  Do you pronounce it GIF or JIF
707 angel number
i saw a GIF before knowing it was called a GIF
My solution is to use a Dutch g
I used to pronounce it GIF but, thanks to this video, I now pronounce it GIF.
It's pronounced Jif not Gif
Am I the only one who pronounced it G-I-F for the longest time?
Does anyone else have a false memory of a well-known, lightly-abrasive cream cleaner going through a name change from "Jif", via "Gif", to "Cif", and of that being the reason why they pronounce it GIF?  The product did change from "Jif" to "Cif", but as far as I can tell, "Gif" was a figment of my imaginiation. What I think actually happened is that I saw "GIF" on the computer and, being recently aware of the Jif name change, I thought "Ahh, GIF: like the renamed cleaning product! Wait, is it Gif now, or something else?" Then I went to the kitchen and saw that it was, in fact, "Cif", but by that time the association was already set and ever since then I have called it "GIF, like the cleaning product", because, if they had renamed it to "Gif" instead of "Cif", that is definitely how people would have pronounced it.
Soft G Gif sounds like you're talking about Jif the cleaning product
The correct answer is, of course.... ... GIF!
I had a college Gill. Still hurts my head choosing how to say it.
Me who already pronounce it as jif : 👀
GIF is correct pronounce
Gift has a hard G. Gift without the 't' still has a hard G.
My teacher pronounces it as jee ay ef
Take the g from "mirage", the i from "wile" and the f is just an f. Gif /ʒaɪf/
Take the g from "mirage", the i from "wile" and the f is just an f. Gif /ʒaɪf/
I pronounce it as GIF, as the letters G, I, F.          Please tell me someone else also does this
I propose to use the Dutch G. Settle this once and for all.
People who pronounce it with a J are dumb.
Languages can change because of the people using them, but you don't get to change the entire language to fit what you think a word you created sounds like. It's gif with a hard g and nobody will ever change my mind. Creator saying otherwise or not.
What about GUI? I think it should be pronounces as G. U. I but ppl pronounce it as "Goowi".
What if it's pronounced "jife"
GIF
2:31 There's your answer..
No mention of brand names Jif (lemon) and Jif (old name for surface cleaner) having an influence.
🌿 oracle readings DM your questions @_oracle_z
That's only in English however. There may be more issues in the context of other languages. There was a product in the UK called Jif, which was changed to Cif, partly due to international languages finding it preferable and maybe also due to Jif being rude in Spanish.
Don't forget about the third position: both are wrong. GIF was never supposed to be pronounced, it's a file extension. The only correct way to say it is "Gee-Eye-Eff".
it should be pronounced APNG.
Gif.
In french G before a vowel is always soft unless you add a U, girafe vs guitare, so it's always been jif for me
"Turns out, even if you invented a word, you don't get to make the call on how it's pronounced." I have said this before and I will stand by it now: Yes you do. If you invent a word, you DO get to make the call on how it SHOULD be pronounced. You can't force everyone to use the same pronunciation, but if you come up with a word, you DO get to say how it SHOULD be pronounced. My example is names: It's your name, you get to pick how it's pronounced. Sure, you can't enforce that pronounciation on everyone, but you can make a "correct" way to pronounce it; what people should say.  tl; dr: If the inventor of GIF says it's "JIF", then we should say JIF, but you can't force everyone to say "JIF".
"Gib" is also frequently disputed for much the same reasons (although in this case the word is short for "giblets")
😂 I love the topics. So every day and none came up with that... I remember once watching you drive for one and a half hour to demonstrate how much money I'll never have... Brilliant. Thank you. 😍
I use both interchangeably because I forget which one I like more. I guess I'm 50/50 on the pronunciation! Or I'm just stupid
All I can say is I want some peanut butter while watching a jif so It is not my fault if a hard core gif person wants to say go get jiffy or pronounce it gif, to which I say yes and jif
just call it GIF ffs
Jandalf the jrey
Definitely GIF.
Regardless which is the correct pronunciation, it's stupid that G can make a G and a J sound. Why have the letter J?
Moral of the story :- English is a confusing language
If the pronounciation is fetermined by similarity of words, can any american explain how to pronounce "Nike" based on the almost similar word "bike". (In Germany we pronounce it the intuitive way.)
And here I am thinking that I was right pronouncing it as Gee Iy eF
I don't think this is right about going through all the examples you know. Your brain is trained like any other neural network. The examples are used to train the network, but it doesn't go through them all when it's used.
Excellently done. I used to pronounce it gif like everyone else. Then I learned that the creator wanted it pronounced jif, and started doing that. Now I don’t care one way or the other
I started pronouncing it as "gee eye eff"
It depends on the gif. The better it is, the harder the d gets.
nice.
the right pronunciation is : My co-author Gretchen McCulloch has a great podcast called Lingthusiasm
a dont like when people pronounce SQL as SeeQL
Skipped the last 10 seconds because I got the gist.
I knew english pronunciation is messed up. But one great example occurred to me couple of days ago:  A that's how much the pronunciation of "changing" changes when you drop the "c".  Funnily enough, as a not native speaker, most of this problems occurred to me until native speaker brought it up. We probably just learn the words and their pronunciation!? I never confused "they're", "there" and "their" and actually read somewhere that it is more common to native speakers to use them wrong. IDK.
People who pronounce it with a soft g should be locked up.
We're a small video and music channel trying to get our stuff off the  ground. We make podcasts, music, music videos, sketches, shows such as  one called Beast Blasters that's a funny mock TV documentary where we go  and hunt beasts that are terrorizing counties, and other stuff
*JIF* people gang up!
You probably should have also mentioned that there is an actual ".jif" file type as well.
i say jif
Uhm actually, it's pronounced "yiff"
gifference
I pronounce it with a Dutch g when I'm speaking/thinking in Dutch (which is different from these two), and like j when in English. Language is weird.
Interesting war! Which side are you? gif or gif?
Wait.. I have always treated JPEG as an initialism not as an accronom. J.P.E.G.
Gaffer can be split into gaff and -er
Luckily this debate will be rendered obsolete when GIF becomes obsolete.
This is all because the modern English language is a clusterfuck party, historically filled with loan words and incorporated words originating from several unrelated as well as several related language groups and now with such a global reach English is spoken across the planet by populations with vastly differing cultures and languages. Even among those within a single country the language is also morphed by regional dialect full of vowel shifts and what have you. This debate about what word is pronounced in what way being "correct" will likely never end. Language changes with us as we change.
I read it as soft G, 'Jif'. And I guess it was at the time the public cleaner Jif was changing to Cif, and so like many others in my school, we called them 'Jifs'. Even to me, hard G Gif sounds weird, mainly because the word gift existed.   Remember Gif was a new word for many of us, if you said gift, you might be mistaken for saying gift. Plus back then because GIF wasn't a word, many of us did use a softer G I guess because we'd heard the English word 'Jif' due to the household cleaner product.
givv
everyone~~~~~~~!     people is infected with Covid 19 through droplet infection and air infection as Measles and Varicella and tubercle.   Please put on mask( N95 and dust-tight) in area with many people( subway,bus, restaurant, cafe, in building and so on.......)  There is not need for mask in the street with few of people around.  There is need for mask( N95 and dust-tight) in the street with many people around and in area with many people.   Wash hands always. Do not touch your mouth,nose,eyes at home out.  Put on dust goggles at eyes in area with many people( full subway,full bus and so on........)
Guys it’s pronounced yiff obviously
Soft g should refer to jif, JPEG interchange format. Hard g should refer to gif, graphics interchange format. Done. Simple. Easy.
I am really conflicted right now as I have been to both Gillingham, oh boi
What about yif?
I have taken multiple pictures of my Giraffe. It's called Jerry. I store all the images in GIF. I don't like Jirafics. I like graphs.
One never heard anyone say Gif, I've only heard people say Jif
I've always called it jif and i'll never stop calling it jif
„Graphics Interchange Format” and then proceeds to say it’s “JIF”. That does not make sense at all, hahaha! Hilarious.
It’s pronounced like the G in garage
The sun is a deadly lass-uhr
I am going to stay with an overhard g so that it is called kif to annoy everyone.
Never got this debate because I pronounce it the Dutch way. Ggggif. Like Van Gggogggh.
GIF, with a hard G, is the hill I will die on. That's the correct way, and no one can convince me otherwise.
As far as prior knowledge, "gift" would be the closest simple word by far (moreso than gin, gig, gib, etc) and is likely responsible for the statistical preference of the hard g.  And for the soft g with an "if," we have the word jiffy and the brand Jif (peanut butter) that disassociate the "jif" sound, visually, from the spelling "gif."
Jeee Aaai Ef.
ftyi
This argument kills me everytime.  😂... We shall eagerly await the reveal for the correct answer.
Why are we wasting time on this as we can better use this time to debate how tabs are better as spaces and opening brackets don't deserve their own line :)
We already have a *.jif format.
I’m still saying gif,
I'll prefer to spell it than arguing what is correct
I say it as g-i-f like spell it out 😔
It's easily GIF for me because we all know how we pronounce the work "gift".
"Did you see the latest nintendo news letter?" "Woah nice jraphics, I'd like to get my hands on that game"
My only reasoning is the word 'Jiffy'. If it was spelled Giffy I would be on JIF team for sure.
GIF looks like the word, Gift, so, therefore, to english speakers it is mostly like gift without the T
It's pronounced gift without a t.
It's pronounced reverse fig.
wait gillingham and gillingham are two places??
It's gson not json.
Let’s just call it a GIF!
This wouldn't have been a problem if English were consistent
Call it a G.I.F. so everyone tells you you're wrong
everyone~~~~~~~!     people is infected with Covid 19 through droplet infection and air infection as Measles and Varicella and tubercle.   Please put on mask( N95 and dust-tight) in area with many people( subway,bus, restaurant, cafe, in building and so on.......)  There is not need for mask in the street with few of people around.  There is need for mask( N95 and dust-tight) in the street with many people around and in area with many people.   Wash hands always. Do not touch your mouth,nose,eyes at home out.  Put on dust goggles at eyes in area with many people( full subway,full bus and so on........)
The Descriptivist Mafia Bus™ strikes again! This time on time!
Wait what about Jiraffes 🦒? Chessmate.
It guhif
I pronounce it as "gif" idk why everyone else pronounces it as "gif" smh...
It's Jraphics, not Graphics, actually.
i always pronounce it GIF
BUT is it data or data, I really need to know
When I was a kid I just called it a  g i f, with the letters spelled out.  I did the same with any other file extensions, most commonly for me being  b  m  p  and  e x e.
It must be GIF as there is already a JIF, it's a brand of Peanut butter. Any other answer is being stubborn and contrarian. The slide from the creator also settles it. If it was JIF it'd be spelled that way.
1:24 that's exactly what I pronounced in my country
Wrong. It's *GIF.*
Jif genuinely pisses me off
Gif is dutch for poison...
o-tter or autter why is author starting with au pronounced the same as o in otter? Had a whole debate on it with my buddy and I could only find the Australians pronunciation of it matching mine as o-tter.
Or , psycholin"j"uistics....
I pronounce it as G-I-F
England really needs to get its s**t together and fix all these town names. That's my takeaway from this video 😂
My takeaway: I'mma start saying "jpheg", "lasser", and "scubba" so my pedantry can be logically consistent!
Get over this pathetic debate   Using gifs is a good way to sneak out of conversations without being rude  Just appreciate it  Learn to master it  And it's Jif   Bye
son of a gun. you left me hanging.
I always pronounced it as JIF
Great! Glad to know that's finally settled...
It's pronounced 'pronunciation', not 'pronounciation' ;)
I pronounced it by the letters "G I F" like Jee Ai Ef I dont give anything bout JEEF and GIFT
IT'S PRONOUNCED "GIF" NOT "GIF" -the acceptance speech that just wasn't meant to be
wait, what do you mean its not pronounced lass-uhr?
Everyone's wrong, Mike Rugnetta was right, it's pronounced 'zhaif'. God, I miss Idea Channel...
JIF IS PEANUT BUTTER.   FIGHT ME.   Thanks, Tom!
Doing God’s work
Dutch has a third way (χ). Do we use that to just avoid this debate altogether?    No, there's just a three way fight...
I don't care what you say, I'm still pronouncing is as "GIF"
I personally go for what makes most logical and phonetic sense with phonetics usually winning in the event of a tie or even a close match.  ie, "scuba" having a hard U makes more phonetic sense that a soft "U" despite a soft "U" making more logical sense, phonetically "G" or "J" doesn't matter for "GIF" but logically "G" makes more sense so I say "GIF" instead of "JIF".  Also, "JIF" just soundly like you forgot to finish and say "fy pop".
The small part of people who said "G eye f"
It's always gonna be 'JIF' for me. 'GIF' sounds like you started a word and got too lazy to end it.
See “YouTube’s Copyright System Isn’t broken. The World’s Is.” @ 16:08
Tom you made a mistake, it's pronounced gif not gif
Geee aiii eff
So it's gif then, right?
It's fricking Gif with the G sound and you can't change my mind
Safe and sound
@Tom Scott  Shut the front door. It's pronounced Girlfriend!
Because Jif is goddamn peanut butter, that's why.
I came looking for an answer and left with more questions
The g is silent smh
I prefer saying it gif, as in the dutch word for poison.
What about GEE-EYE-EFF
So it's Gif.
i remember som one said G, I, F,
okay... so how about the people who  pronounced it as "gee-eye-ef" 😗
ah yes, gif not gif.
I thought it was pronounced gif to avoid confusion with the peanut butter.
Poltergeist Rhymes with feast or heist?
Guys, it's G.I.F.
P N G vs ping
Ach shoot it's the descriptivist Mafia again. And the descriptivist Mafsia.
i just say g i f
Who cares
But.. but....
This is stupid, gif is a file extension and can be pronounced any which way you please because its actually letters. Gee eye eff
You sound a lot like Jim Browning
Nah it's GIF
And here I am, *pronouncing* it "gee eye eff".
i think the last point makes a lot of sense.  As a kid i probably saw the word gift a lot more often, and gif is gift without the t, so i made the decision to use gif instead of jif
my name a gif
One thing I never see brought up is another obscure file format call JFIF. I would pronounce that like “jif”. I’m firmly in the “gif” like “gift” camp.
I just say gef so that there is no argument
Masks destroy your brain and nervous system. They are utterly detrimental to your health and well-being. Covid 19 does not exist. Your body is merely responding to the 5G frequency which it is not accustomed to. Look into symptoms of radiation sickness and they mirror one another. Do not wear masks, do not kill yourselves willingly.
Soon it'll be the concensus to be pronounced CIF then, as that's what they claimed the reason for the change to the British cleaning product JIF....
Bruh ima just keep calling it Jiff
I pronounced it "Jaif"
If you say "Jif" you're a n00b
I guess the people who think it's a hard "g" never had the cshow program.
It would be interesting to map where in Britain and the U.S.A the location of each version of GIF's pronunciation. As you usually base the pronunciation of a new words from what you already know, accents might have played a large part as they are known to change the sounds of words drastically in certain regions.
Except that not nearly all of us are native speakers of English. :P
What I'd like to know is why English pronounce "wh" as "hw", as in "hwy?", "hwale".
You should make a gif of this video
It’s pronounced GIF not GIF.
And how many of you who have read his books know that Dr Seuss is pronounced “soyce” not syuce (the c is soft in both).
WalterCoinProof. Eаrn in this Tе-lеg-ram chan-nel.
No you're wrong tom, it's actually pronounced gif
ONLY 70% that only is abit dodgy
It's gif. And no video on the internet will every change my mind about that.
Yif
/mɔ aɪ pi eɪ wud fɪks evrɪθɪŋ/
it's pronounced like the g in garage
Bruh, it's "gif" for "gift", no need to look at all gi's, just look at the word gift. There's no other words starting with "gif", so it's pronounced like that. For me this will be the end of story
I’ve decided to stop being a victim 😩 and take life by the horns 🐐. I started my YouTube channel ▶️and in it I’m gonna share my journey of how I overcame a victim mindset and became a Content creator 🎞 , Software developer 👨🏿‍💻 and forex trader 📈
I dont care I'm saying GIF as gif not jif Jif is peanut butter.
Only people who didn’t come from tiktok are worthy of liking this comment
So no argument that the thing we call gif isnt actually what a gif is?
In my language (that is Russian) pronouncing gif with G rather than J feels right cause there're no native words with the sound of J (at least I can't think of any).
I thought it was pronounced as G - I - F
I invented an acronym. It's DNIK. I invented it, so I get to dictate how it's pronounced. Here is the correct way to say it: I'm a nitwit.
It is most similar to gift
Tom, please read "The Chaos" by Gerard Nolst Trenité. It's a poem about english pronounciation!
1:34 I knew a guy who pronounced git and GitHub as jit and jithub
I always forget laser and scuba are acronyms.
It's Gif not Jif. Jif™ is peanut butter
Zee if there's g in the grey it soft
I say JIF
As a sci fi fan (and would-be author) I tend to take a long-term view on a lot of things, and this is one of them. You may think descriptivism is a good thing, but wait until people start living for two, or maybe three, hundred years. You think old people who complain about language change are in a minority? Wait until they aren't! Then we'll have a rather interesting problem to solve.
So it's actually pronounced   *******? ( ******  Refers to the sine wave sound and has no other obscene meaning, ***** is used to block out cusses in text , just like the sine wave is used to block cursing in audio , I used that equivalent, (Why am I even explaining this ?))
It's a moving Harry Potter picture
gift gif... It's similar and easier to say. So I'm on GIF side!
Some people: It's pronounced GIF. Other people: No! It's pronounced JIF. Me, who says G I F separately: Dafuq they doing there?
I mean, isn't "g" in "gif" pronounced like "g" in "geography"?
Hard G camp! Partly because of gift and partly because Jiff is a brand of peanut butter!
i like your cut g
GIF = Giraffics Interchange Format
The problem is actually more widespread than just the english language, because it is a file format that is used across the world. Therefore, different languages with different phonemes are weighing differently on acronyms. So just looking at the English is not doing this any justice. Nice effort though, fellow giffer :)
gee-I-F
JIF
no it's yif
wait what!? it's not G.I.F.??
who calls it gif? i've always called it gif. c'mon, it's gif, not gif.
ITS HARD G WTFFF
This is why English should be reformed. Þis iz wai Ingliš šud bii riformâd.
I dont't care how smart you are, it's pronounced gif.
Gif Jif Graphical interchange format Giraffical interchange format I personally would love to interchange giraffes with people. But instead i interchange graphics. Gif.
It's actually Jeff, most people don't know
So uh. Good news guys, the word “gif” is a real word from old timey English.  The bad news: it’s pronounced “yiff”. And I thought I couldn’t hate the English language more 💀
Wait, it’s gif?! I was saying gif this entire time! I’m so embarrassed
There is a difference between gif and jif and thats it done and done and done. DONE!
It's G-I-F, not giff or jiff; G-I-F.
1:27 It's all fine and well for gif, but did my boi just pronounced scuba as skoo-bei instead of skoo-buh?
It’s गिफ or जिफ Nvm
How is this a debate...its gif... simple
and to think, all this time ive been pronouncing it as gif, you really learn something new everyday.
How many dutchies and belgians are thinking you missed out GIF [IPA: xif]?
so I belong to the 0 percent who call it Gee.     Eye.      Eff.
I couldn’t remember how I usually say gif after I watched this video.... just me? I’m confused. Who am I...
2:00 we were one the verge if greatness we were this close
Here in the states there is a peanut butter brand called Jif. So there is some argument for disambiguation to not pronounce gif like the peanut butter on this side of the pond.
just use BMP!
It's pronounced jiff, end of story
Most of Europe pronounces it with a hard G because of their native language, that has an effect too.
Similar to people saying moyang to mojang
I've always known it was Jif due to the creator saying so. And I knew the Scuba counterargument. BUT I still sat Gif because it sounds better 😎
In the 12 years of me being on the Internet, I have always spelled that acronym out to refer to it.  G-I-F
Simple, Jif peanut butter is pronouced "Jif". Therefore Gif is pronounced, "Gif"
I love that with the giraffe 🙂🦒
Well I mean if the creator says it should be pronounced “jif”, that would be the official pronunciation, right? I mean everyone can call it what they want, I could call an iPhone an If hone, but officially it would still be iPhone.
Its pronounced as the g in garage
"mic" being pronounced as "mike" as in microphone was always a strange one to me.
Gif means poison in Dutch (short version of vergif), so we knew the word before it's "invention".
I thought it was G I F
What about Jigawatts?
do you ever change your clothes
Hard G all the way, baby
Someone once said it was pronounced Yif
we Italians don't have such problems. we read it like it is written: GIF
I prefer gif (yif)
Wym   It's pronounced jyfe
No y'all it's pronounced ***(insert beep)
It's always been Jif for me.
so is it gif or gif? i personally think it's GIF
Get a new shirt bro, you’ve been wearing that EXACT SAME RED SHIRT for years 😂
It's gif, not jiff. Don't @ me.
why not just spell it our instead of pronounce it? eg. "I'll send you a G-I-F"
Here's one: how many pronounce gigabyte with a soft g sound, because of Doc Brown of Back to the Future calling gigawatts jigawatts.
I'm calling it Potography from now on.
Jraphics Interchange Format
And immediately after wrapping this video, Mr Scott headed out for 18 holes at the jolf course...
The person that is still arguing whether it's GIF or Jif in 2020 also is the kind of friend that will make you watch Garfield Tale of Two Kitties.
in my country it's gifka
I call GILFs JILFs personally.
NO BODY CARES HOW THE INVENTOR WANTS IT PRONOUNCED.
my name is Jif
Alright, who else didn't know Laser and Scuba were acronyms.
This is on trending?
It’s G.I.F.
Both sides are wrong. The "g" is silent.
I swear I read the title and I thought to myself:  “How clickbait-y, the jif crowd won’t like it”
no...
Its gif.
YES  This has always been my argument. Both ways are correct
consider also:  su-doh vs su-doo
People!!!!!  Its pronounced "*IF" !!
Times that i really hate english
Just an update: im halfway through this video and am absolutely ENTHRALLED by it
gif not jif
***Spell Gif really fast*** See, makes it Gif and not Gif!
I propose it be pronounced with a phlegmy g like in the Spanish word "gente" and a long "I" like this: ghaif
I agree. Wanna be friends
No it's gif
Everyone: "gif!" Everyone else: "jif!" Me: Wait. It's not "geef"?
Nobody's commenting "zhaif" (rhymes with "knife").  I am disappointed. :(
Dang it people! It's aloud, not "out loud." And it's WAVe.... And GIF.
Hmmm, I've never heard of psycholinjuistics before.
I pronounce it jif because it reminds me of peanut butter.
ITS PROUNCED "JIF" . THE CREATOR DECIDES THE PRONOUCIATION JUST LIKE HAVING A BABY
Frustrating.
I mean it's obvious what does gif stand for Graphic. Hard G guy makes up a word and is too stupid to pronounce it correct
Say "gift". Ok, now say "gift" but don't pronounce the "t" at the end. You're welcome.
I pronounce it Gee Eye Eff
the inventor say so, no. stands for graphical i f , yes. comparison to other words, irrelevant except to differentiate from the old english. context is more important and most people say gif. is a router a computer network device or  a woodworking power tool?
Tom, Tom what have you done!?!
Its not "jif" thats peanut butter  It has to be gif!
Hey kid, I don't have much time the correct pronunciation of gif is...
My brain tells me to pronounce it with a hard G. Otherwise it could be confused with Jif peanut butter.
Two minutes of silence for those who pronounced it G I F
It's pronounced gif, not gif. Anyone who says gif will get a boot up his aladeen
Yay a linguistics vid!
Каво ты учишь. Сказали гиф и ниипет
It's pronounced like a y like in gift or gir
“English is an easy language.” *English:*
"Unless you are very young [...]" This, as someone who is older than GIF, is a large source of the issue and my argument against "the creator's intent" mattering.  We were using GIFs and locking in that preferred pronunciation more than two decades before we had easy access to a shared web where audio, and the creator's pronouncements, were suddenly accessible.  At that point, it's too late to correct anyone, and he's lost any meaningful ownership or ability to steer it.    On top of all that, his intended "pun" on the popular peanut product slogan is not especially good. ;)
If you can use "g" for the hard sound and "j" for the soft one, why do you insist on using both?
I heard Yanny
It’s ‘GIF’ , Meaning, I don’t gif a damn how someone pronounces gif
I grew up with a cleaning product called Jif (now called Cif, pronounced Siff), so I felt GIF had to be different. That, the 'graphical' in the long form and the fact that a free moving image is like a little gift means GIF will always be said with a hard G in my head.
I’d assume the letters after the GI matter as well, not just those two letters themselves for influencing the hard or soft g.
JOD DAMNIT! It's GIF!
It’s GIF
I will always say "jiff" because it just sounds nicer
there's the people that pronounce it "gif" and then the people that are wrong... end of story
It's Gif with capital G, the one true Gif.
Decent argument. It's still a hard g. Anyone who pronounces it jif is an affront to God. ;)
um frankly didnt ask
I just say G. I. F.
making minutia fun.
It's harder to close the argument on pronunciation when you are an Englishman and I am an American.
PNG FTW!
It's Gif not Gif .  .  .  .  .  .  .  I bet you read both "gif"s differently in your mind hahaha
This guy too smart
In Dutch it's poison
Obviously it's pronounced like "zhaif."
Thank god I always say “jif” 😝👌🏻
It’s pronounced jee-eye-eff
Jife
I have been pronouncing it jiff since 1987. I have been despising the format since 1988.
bro everyone knows it's gif
In order to get the word to be pronounced "the right way" you have to spell it differently.
*Ghoti*
Let's say it's settled that "gif" pronounced "jif" -- how then do you write down the "gif" spelling? There would be two ways to spell one pronunciation and zero ways to spell another. That would feel like a failure of written language, no?
I’m still saying Gif with the hard G.
Thank you Tom Scott for the best video/explanation about the pronunciation of this word that I have seen thus far.  Also, I like Jared Padalecki's answer: Jif is *peanut butter*. 😆
Gillian Anderson- Argument settled
"I pronounce it Jif"  I respect your decision to be wrong.
But it’s Graphics Interchange Format... graphics doesn’t start with J
It's pronounced gif that's easy
2:30 oooooooooooops
A debunk that didn't need to happen but just did? Count me in!
If Gif is pronounced Jif why not spell it Jif?
It's GIF not GIF
Yes.
I think the fact that the G stands for Graphics it should be a guh G
This makes me think of how people call 3840x2160 resolution 4K when its not 4K.
zhaif 4 laif
thing about giraffes.
Gif
ITS GIF NOT JIF! JIF just sounds dumb as  hell
Very interesting
try pronouncing worcester. even the gps gets confused...
It is pronounced the same way as you would say the word “gift” and if you disagree I would like to meet up IRL and debate with you why you are wrong. This is something I am very passionate about.
Grandma Cocoa says its too difficult
It's gif, not gif
70%?????? What the actual poo
How has this ever been a question? The "G" is short for Graphic - it's a HARD G. End of discussion.
For me, I made up my mind once I learned what the 'g' in 'GIF' stood for, and I'm not changing my pronunciation unless the word 'graphic' starts being pronounced 'jraphic', creator's opinion and popular opinion be damned.
I hate it here
It's not GIF peanut butter.
Tom Scott is the jift that keeps on jiving.
2:56 Absolutely true. I never even considered that there was more than one way to pronounce it until I saw people arguing about it online. When I heard people arguing for the wrong way to pronounce it I couldn't believe they would even think of saying it that way.
I’m starting to warm up to jif
G
No it's **absolutely** "JIF" because that's what the name of the extension is. It's not just a word that was coined that people are free to mispronounce any way they see fit, it's a name like "Tom Scott"; you wouldn't say "TOOM SCOOT" just because some O's can have an "OO" sound, you would say "Tom Scott" because that's his name.
Tom: makes a video on GIF vs GIF The whole of the internet : everyone lihaketed that        lihaketed = liked + hated at once
Is it just me, or does it feel like Toms shirts used to be a more vibrant shade of red?
i usually pronounce it "moving-pictures-but-not-videos" but gif works too ig
Gif.  Gift w/o the t.  That's why 70% prefer Gif as in Gift.
It's definitely pronounced like the g in "ough".
Don't go with the Lemmings and GIF , say it like it is sposed ta be , Jif !
I will likely link to this when someone starts arguing over this again
love the vids Tom, coming from rochester, New york
.gif or .gif, I was gonna call it .chazzwazzas
I’m still gonna use gif not jif or gif
It's gif.
That's funny timing, just last night a buddy I was playing games with pronounced it jif, and I hadn't heard anyone use that pronunciation of gif in probably over a year, I definitely thought the world had settled on gif not jif.
Me : G-I-F
is it github or jithub?
It's actually a silent g. It's pronounced like furries getting freaky; yif.
I know someone claimed it was based of some dutch word a few months back and was pronounced yif, and then everyone said no
Nooo no noo nooooooooooooo
Funny I read it as “Jerk”
Thanks to my dad being in computer science, I think I’ve actually heard gif (pronounced jif ofc) before I ever saw it.
Gif sounds smoother than gif
Someone always has to be wrong. In this case, it has to be the inventor of said format and those who agree with them.
I don't think there is any more argument about the word GIF than there is the word paper. The creator of the word said it's jif, so it's jif. You don't just get to pronounce things however the hell you want. If that was the case I'd be able to walk around asking people for a piece of Phahpher and no one would correct me.
Jeff
Gotta go with the PBS Idea Show way of pronouncing it as "Zgjh-yai-ffe"
It’s gif
If you think it’s pronounced gif and not gif you’re a psychopath.
I go with the Jif pronunciation. Words with an initial hard g tend to be older where the soft g words arrived into English later. Also, the guy who named it gets to name it. Period.
Gif like giraffe
My name is Gif.
I don’t know to me “jif” just sounds better
Wow, I've always pronounced it gif, never knew it was actually pronounced gif
In Northern Vietnam, GIF is approximately "zif" while in Southern Vietnam, GIF is pronounced either "yif" or as in English,  "hard g + ‘if‘ ". BTW, it‘s like the "tomato" debate: tomahto or tomayto?!
It doesn't matter what the creator reckons, it's a linguistic rule that the letters in an acronym make the same sound they did in the word they represent.
Isn't it pronounced Gee-Ai-Ef?
Hard g. It's short for "graphics interchange format", not "jraphics interchange format". Also Jif is a peanut butter.
my name ma gif
You can tell Steve that jraphic interchange format sucks. Yes, I watched the video and saw that part at the beginning.
wpyeye
I feel attacked and upheld at the same time.
The g is silent
It’s gif, not gif 🙄
There was an old English dictionary that said it was pronounced “yiff” instead of “gif” or “jif”
GIF!
Actually, its /J'eif/ for me
is the person who invented a gif english or american?  that could explain a lot about the version of the word being used
didn't expect that ending
My friend pronounces it “G I F”. As in the letters. What do I do with them?
"principals of modern linguistics is descriptivism" so, not speaking of linguistics, this is how you should say it...
Oxford Dictionary is probably the worst dictionary in the world. They don’t care about the english language at all.
Brilliant. Thank you
Five words only: "It's pronounced "JIF" not". Had to cut the sixth word.
If you have to spell it wrong to prove your point you're wrong, so definitely pronounced like gift
It's pronounced gif not jif, because its a graphic image file not a jraphic image file.
You should talk about how Patrick Stewart almost single handedly changed the pronunciation of the word D-A-T-A from daa-taa to day-ta.
That's why English is a mess, nothing makes logical sense, even there aren't enough words to describe things. You have to add context to clarify things.
THEY CALLED ME A MADMAN
Lazer > Laser Serialization > Serialisation Cheeze > Cheese  Etc
Surprise. My brain really never locked on either.  I fully accept or may say either. I have not real preference.
Several people are typing...
I'm just glad the way I say it is the winning side.
Yes, because graphics is pronounced grah-fhicks. not jrah-fhicks.
Stop
Its pronounced "GEE EYE EFF"
I honestly don't understand why this is so debated and over analyzed.  You clearly explained that there really isn't a correct answer and that it's more or less up for interpretation.  That would be fine...if the creator himself didn't give a proper pronunciation.  If it's so debated, if it makes just as much sense with either pronunciation, then why are people ignoring the only thing that's NOT grounded in perception?  The Creator's pronunciation...? It's the only thing that has any significant weight to it.
ITS ACTUALLY PRONOUCED LIKE THIS: JIF
It's if. The g is silent.
Listen to the format's creator. How do you pronounce Giraffe?
You should take a page out of Finland's book and pronounce it how it's spelled... along with everything else.   Let us all embrace Rally English.
“I thought this argument was settled” makes a video about it 6 years later
I pronounce it like GIF (Jee-eye-eff)
Ill still call it gif and not gif
Team Zhaif
It's Jee-if
Nice recommended section.
To me 'gif' is pronounced like 'gift' because it just makes sense. But when I realize it is an acronym 'G.I.F' I pronounce it as jif.
its still gif 💕
I pronounce it as I would pronounce gift. Why? I just... Like it more.
Jif = peanut butter
I usually just say "G-I-F" 😂😂
Jif
I hate you ❤️
If you’re bored, show me love on my page!! It would mean the world💗 bless up
"Of course LASER is not pronounced as..." *proceeds to pronounce it exactly how I do it my entire life* (Polish language)
Team Jif like
Guys cmon, *gif*t
Trust me, it's pronounced gif not gif.
Why did I just watch this? And why do I not regret it?
"Doge" is pronounced "Doggy."
I pronounce gif as ‘jee eye ef’. Does that mean I’m the real orphan? XD
It's gif not gif
Isn't it G-I-F?
I love opening jifts on Christmas morning
i said jif, until people starting mentioning how it's gif every time i said it. the real question is why people rally behind a side.
It's absolutely pronounced "yiff". Thanks. Have a nice day!
😉
It’s all fun and games until your girlfriend calls if jif
Carry two swords and be ready to duel anyone who question your pronunciation of GIF. Problem solved.
It would be interesting to see if people who pronounce it “gif” were more likely to have grown up in a household that ate “JIF” peanut butter.  Perhaps having a known spelling and agreed upon pronunciation for “Jif” skews them towards thinking that “gif” must be pronounced differently than the brand of peanut butter.
¿Qué
I've been saying for years the GIF creator choose jif to troll the whole world knowing full damn well the arguments it would cause
Now do one for Ubisoft.
GIF = File format JIF = Peanut Butter
Game Freak: It's Rayquaza. Literally everyone: You mean Rayquaza?
You can’t change my mind! It’s gif!
Actually it’s pronounced znakqoehdbxishsjbo
No no no no no, it’s gif
“Soft g not hard g” would have been a better slide for him to show.
i like to take the compromise and cram both consonants into a single consonant. clunky, but fair
It's pronounced like the G in GaraGe.
Gif is just a file format. Just call is G-I-F
I never knew
I propose it's "jif" but only if I can pronounce "github" as "jithub"
it's jiffycat, not giffycat >:(
King👑
Its gif, not jif
everyone i know says jiff
It's not peanut butter, it's a gif.
Gift is gif with an additional letter at the end. Gig is one letter on, on the last letter of gif.
No matter what argument anyone raises, I think this slide speaks for itself 0:26
I say it like the inventor.
Obviously it should be pronounced "JIF", because the time interval for animated GIFs is a "Jiffy" (not a "Giffy") - and that's just too good to pass up.
What
Well, if the creator of it calls it "jif", then who are we to argue otherwise?
The logic behind it for me is; what's the word that's closest to "GIF?" Well, I'm going to argue it's "gift," and that's a hard G.
Let's just use a soft Dutch G, shall we?
Neither, webm.
Can anyone  tell me what gif stands for?
Video on 2b2t????
I’m not sure how prevalent it is outside of North America but “Jif” is a brand of peanut butter so GIF with a hard “G” breaks the homophone.
Okay and I worship Jod
Steve Wilhite is a jit.
Wtf, I always thought it was gif?
It is pronounced "heef".
I will pronounce GIF as “jif” when gorila is pronounced “jorilla”
Hard G or go home.
English rules are very specific!  It's the soft 'g'. The general rule is this: if the letter after 'g' is 'e', 'i' or 'y', the pronunciation is a 'soft g' as in 'fringe' or 'geoff'.
Guys, it really is pronounced gif, not gif.
I've always just said the letters, both gif and gif sound weird to me.
I just pronounce it "Gif" with the Dutch 'g', the infamous "gurgle" g that most people can't pronounce correctly. Yes, that's also the word we use for "poison".
I should start pronouncing it yif just to piss people off
I always read it as jif, so when I met someone who disagreed, we has a very interesting discussion
A win for the yiffers
Its actually Gif.....you're wrong.
jyfe
zhaif for life
If a word is pronounced by the majority as something other than what the creator intended, that’s what it’s called. I know theres a term for that
Guys it's gif, not gif
Madness i've been saying Gif with the GI forever but i guess if the creator wants it to be said with a JI i will try and change.
Oh, I thought is pronounced gif
This guy actually thinks it’s gif instead of gif.
the fact that Tom could easily have this be a 10 second video of him going "it doesn't really matter, people will pronounce it differently and it will be correct" and be done with it, but goes on to explain language is nice
I'll convert the images to jpegs and the problem is solved.
I'd say that is read "Dave" after Dave.
Gif? I saw a blue dress?!?
i'm more annoyed that we haven't switched over to png
I think there is an international aspect to it, too.  To go by a personal example: I'm Hungarian, born in 1991, been using computers since 1997. At the beginning I only had a very rudimentary knowledge of English, especially since Windows was available in Hungarian even back then. So, the file extensions' pronunciations burned in my brain according to Hungarian acronym rules: it's gif as in git for me, and jpeg is jay-peg (in which the jay evolved -- in English context -- to this English jay from the Hungarian j).  P.S.: Hungarian is very heavily prescriptivist and has been for many decades. So I tend to follow not what the word creator or the language users say, but what the Academy says, since theirs is the final, official word. And there is a very interesting bouncing back and forth of how the Academy elevates new language use patterns into official status and how newly created correct grammar spreads among the population. So if you want new or different features in Hungarian, there are two ways to it: convince a huge amount of language users to adopt it and eventually the Academy may make it official, or go directly to the Academy and convince them.
Gif as in Gift is the most compelling argument I've heard.
Come on guys, it's pronounced "gif" not "gif"
To be neutral I use gee ay ef
zhaiv
it GIF with a hard G , not J otherwise it would be a JIF if you still think its pronounced with a J you may have a brain injury and be entitled to compensation.
I hate that mental energy is being spent on this...
Hey to all my friends and who ever  see’s this pray for us in 2099 😥✌️
Now if we can just get people to stop writing “fave” as “fav,” we can all die happy.
I knew it was gif and not gif. I've been arguing gif this whole time.
Me, an intelectual "it's pronounced yif"
Great now how the f is “Yify” pronounced? Like WiFi? Or like Yih-fee?
people who pronounce gif as "jif" are going to be sent to hell for calling God "Jod"
I pronounce it as G.I.F
Gaypeg
I was firmly a believer of gif all my life, but now that I've seen how underdogged the inventor is, I'm going to make a conscientious effort to switch to "jif" as that's the creator's intended and I respect that.
Oh could you settle the expresso issue while you’re there? That one’s easy.
So jarage, jift, jrow, jandam style, jlowing
This comment section is entertaining
I always compared it to the brand of peanut butter Jif and said that an animated image is not peanut butter so therefore it is not pronounced the same way as Jif
Team Jif.
It's JIF!!!   mmmmmm, peanut butter…
The only reason people use soft G is because when they see the word gif they automatically think of a giraffe.
Cue computer scientists debating over how to pronounce JIRA...
A hard G just makes more sense to me
Wars shall be fought over this
It’s yiff
I'm very glad a professional linguist can finally settle this one and for all
The Krabby Patty Secret Formula i-
The idea that "it's pronounced jif, and not gif" is problematic to the "jif only" argument is shortsighted and stupid. Otherwise we would have to use the extremely precise language used in the dictionary to phonetically spell everything. Otherwise the dictionary would be wrong. You would never be able to have letters in different contexts mean different things.
No it is definitely gif
Clearly it's g-eye-f
G
The G in GIF stands for Graphic so how do you pronounce Graphic?
It's pronounced jif. No one is changing my mind
Oh hey, is this out again?
gif sounds better than jif
This is like hearing Monster Hunter fans discuss the name "Tigrex".
it’s actually g.i.f graphics interchange format  you don’t say brb as “burrb” so you all wrong
I'm still saying gif
You can’t declare how an acronym is pronounced. But since it stands for “Graphics Interchange Format”, then pronouncing the G as in “Graphics” seems logical.
Lossless? Could have sworn GIFs were compressed...
As a kid I said every letter of the acronym individually (ie gee eye eff.) since gee has a soft g, I automatically transitioned to the soft g pronunciation.
While watching this with me, my one year old said, “Gif?” with a hard G.  Case closed.
Worcestershire is said to be pronounced Worces-ter-chyr but I prefer Wor-cester-shire because of the shire word in my head being shire and not chyr and that to me I should pronounced the ces and not pretend like its not there
Yahtzee mentioned this in his review of Sonic Forces.
Im getting Deju vu
The fact of the matter is peanut butter is already taken, so it isn't that OneHand
It's pronounced "guraffe".
Pronounce it anyway you want, it doesn't matter. You can even say it letter by letter, g.i.f., if you will because it's an acronym. I personally say it /gif/ because it keeps clear which letter it's written.
Linguistic shenanigans... it's enough to make you loose your mind.
tldr english sucks
jhyfe
Dude It’s gif
Nike or Nike?
didnt have to get political but ok
And tom just lost half his subs
That actually is how you pronounce "LASER" in my language, though with a stronger "s" and a rolling "r".
There's another file type called .JIF so pronouncing GIF the same way could be confusing. Though it is rarely used so the chance of that is fairly low
I sure like them movin pictures
Gift is your example of one morpheme? It's literally from give+ed.
You forgot to mention the good old pronunciation of 'Gee Aye Eff'. So disappointed in you, Tom.
geh you say .. ummmm
I’ve always read it as G-I-F (letter by letter)......
The answer is G.I.F.
Why is nobody talking about the fact that Tom uploaded a new language files video????
It needs to be g in GIF  because jpeg has the j
Huh??
It's GJIF
Its like how to pronounce mojang
GIF Creator: it's pronounced as Jif Most people in the world: no, it's pronounced as Gif.  *STARTS THE PRONUNCIATION WAR*
It should be pronounced "mp4"
gee ay eff
I''m with the inventor!
There is no definitive method by which to determine which pronunciation is correct and no institution with the authority to establish a correct pronunciation.  Therefore, we must learn to live with both pronunciations in use and might as well eschew any angst over the subject.
Welp, it's decided. I'm pronouncing it "JFEG" now.
Just as it is spoken as "math" and NOT "maths". 😘
What about the JIF format, if call a GIF a JIF, do we call a JIF a GIF?
For the psycholinguistic argument, at ~2:15, do you think that it's possible "gift" [where it is not only at the start of the word, but the following consonant is f] has more weight than the other examples?
I disliked the video cuz there was no chungus
waw
2:22 I know what you did here
In Italy everyone says jif because that's the only way an Italian speaker would read "gi" (with an hard G it would be ghif).
I pronounce it “Gee-eye-eff” to tick people off. ‪⁽ʲᵒᵏⁱⁿᵍ⁾‬
30 years ago, us computer kids pronounced  it JIF.  Later on, non-computer people pronounced it GIF.
come on you guys it's GIF not GIF
*Laughs in a different language*
So I've been pronouncing gizz wrong all this time?.. phock!
/ɟɪf/
How many words have the gif combo. Letters don't exist by themselves in a word they interact with others. Is there a geographical map of which pronunciation is more common where? That would be an interesting thing to look at.
gif is definitely pronounced like gif
I thought it was pronounced kweef
It's gæf
The correct answer is, "If you say so.... literally."
I remember the days when we all used to say emoticons instead of emojis.
Actually it is a silent G... so it is pronounced "if"
It's not pronounced gif it's pronounced gif
I say it like the creator but I don’t find that argument particularly compelling.
Anyone watch Napoleon Dynamite still pronounce it quesadilla ;)
My name is Gif
It is what it is.
I pronounce it "gif" because it's one letter away from "gift". To say "gift" you say "gif", and if you stop before you say the "t" you've read "gif" correctly
I've always been in the hard G camp like Giga (as in 1.21 Gigawatts not Jigawatts thanks Doc Brown). There is a jiff file (JPEG related), not that its very popular, but still all the more reason to hard G it. And funnily enough when I started watching the video i was like G for Graphics not Giraffeics then you said it ... great minds think alike (or fools never differ, take your pick)
This is where Spanish starts to bee easy  Láser  Gif  JPEG
I dont like the "gif" sound. Im more of a gif kinda guy.
Dear Jod help us
It's always interesting to me when people insist that words/names that are romanized from a language with a syllabary-based writing system are pronounced one way or another. It's especially interesting when there are essentially two camps of how to pronounce a word in english and neither of them pronounce the word the way that it was originally said.
This debate doesn't even seem relevant any more since the format is dead. Everything just runs on HTML5 video now.
Well, that's the idiocy you are trapped in when your alphabet is just a sugestion and you never standarized it.  English people, stop beating up latin, start reading letters as they should be. Alphabet implies that a sound is wrote down, sounds don't change in a world, if you take out that rule, uou don't have alphabet, you have hieroglyphics that look similar to alphabet, but have nothing to do with the concept of writing down sounds, you wrote down concepts and it those concepts in written form just look similar to how ithe instructions how to pronounce would be written down.  Written english is closer to ancient egyptian than to latin or other alphabetical languages, just admit it already English people!
Next word on the list: Cool Whip.
The debate returns!
inb4 Tom will close the comment section
Well, you know what they say: potato potato, tomato tomato.      Wait......
The right way is yiff. Goodbye
If you’re bored, show me love on my page!! It would mean the world💗 bless up
It should obviously be pronounced "jif".
I always say jif bruh
My name is Giuseppe and people pronounce it with the j sound so Ja-Se-Pe
I forgot whether I say GIF or GIF while watching this video
I only don't like the hard G version because it sounds too much like gift.
Gif because its Gilf,  without the L
EL BARTO WAS HERE
Everyone knows it's pronounced GIF. It's just they're too stupid to admit to it.
Laser is an acronym 👀???
I say gif like giraffe, gist, gin. Some say gif like gig, give, gizmo. It's an acronym so the actual correct pronunciation is its letters; in this case, g.i.f. I don't care how you say it, but the people who say it like gig are usually so obnoxious about it
it’s jif idc saying gif pains me
People who say jif go to hell after welcoming God with "jod"
I say gif with a soft G (sounds like jiff) because gif with a hard G sounds too similar to gift.  We don't stress the T at the end of gift, so it is easy to mishear someone saying they're sending you a gift/gif.
Definitely gif
I pronounce GIF like this: a short video without sound that is commonly used for conveying emotions. You can all argue but I know that my way of pronouncing GIF is way better than your way.
so you're saying it's gif, not jif. understood
I love how this entire debate is completely pointless and pedantic (though of course, this video is well-made and informative as always!). It's so petty that I think the only solution is to out-petty both sides, by pronouncing it as 3 letters, "G I F", and pronouncing every OTHER file extension as a word (like .png as "pong", .exe as "eeks", .html as "hatmull"). Though I suppose to really drive the point home, I'd have to spell out other ones that are normally pronouncable. Like, .zip would have to be "zed eye pee"
I'm just glad that creator didn't name it "ough"
In France everyone no exceptions, pronounce it « jif »
I always pronounce it as “jif” because it sounds better in my opinion. Gif sounds like you’re trying to say gift.
If the Gif speakers and Jif speakers just make an agreement to leave each other alone, no more blood has to be shed in the great gif-jif wars
if the oxford dictionary describes it simply as lossless than i wouldnt trust them on pronunciation either :P (it's true but not really: practically it's almost exclusively used to store reduced-color images)
I learn it gif all those time ago i still call it gif....
No it's jif
Wait just a minute, stop the video, everyone stop watching. Scuba is an acronym?
It's pronounced      Jee ai ef
do you call it GUH RIAFFE OR JIRAFE
The only other word using GIF is Gift so I pronounce it the same
I've been lied to my whole life
has anyone else lived their whole life having no idea that LASER is an acronym???????????
Next up router and router. One routes and the other routs. Also reading in Reading. I'll observe though a gill is what a fish breathes through, but at least one person holds that Gill is short for Gillian.
Quick! I am from the future! It is very important that I tell you that it’s pronounced GIF!!
*But like why do so many people care? Everyday, we swerve further and further from God’s grace... y’all need Muhammad SAW*
In a doubt Just spell it out G-I-F gang here
Its prononuced GIF not GIF
GIF or GIF   we all how to pronounce: my name is "Jeff".
Yiff
i speak both. I use /gif/ when i'm speaking in my native language, but /jif/ when i'm speaking english. Probably because Indonesian language tends to pronounce words like how they are written, so /gif/ flows better than /jif/
The "jif" pronunciation is specified in the [expletive] specification of the file format.
i always say jif lmao-
English is a weird language full of heteronyms You can literally see a word and have no idea how it's pronouced or what it means unless you have some context around it: "Lead"  .... .... .... No lot "I will lead you to it", I was talking about the metal you don't want in your water.
Okay, but this isn't just a word. It's a name. The creator and the person who invented the name should have a say.
Never knew laser was short for anything.
Jod
The correct answer is that it's an abbreviation for a file format, so it doesn't have a pronunciation. JPEG doesn't either. They're "pronounced" "G-I-F" and "J-P-E-G." Period.
2:16 ackchually it's psycholinJuistics
You say “Gif” like “Gif”
Come on Tom. Grow some balls and pick a side.
Now do “Linux.”
I read the title out loud and then immediately thought “Tom agrees with the way I pronounce it!” God, I’m stupid.
Only a giraffe would be a git about the gift of gin gifs.
Jif is a common brand of peanut butter in the U.S. It should be pronounced with a hard G to avoid confusion/ambiguity.
lmao nice
What if the g is silent (I did not think of that joke)
I officially disavow the creator of GIF. It's GIF not JIF.
If you pronounce it jif stay away from me
My friends always yell at me whenever I pronounce it Jif. I will continue to say Jif, because I want to, and also it reminds me of peanut butter. (sorry to all the people with nut allergies)
I pronounced it the correct way all the way back in the BBS days.  I never even considered that there was any other way to pronounce it.  Nobody told me how to pronounce it. I pronounce it the way the creator intended... with a soft G.
Anyone advocating for a more ambiguous language is just a jerk, JIF is already a cleaning product and also a small amount of time, so don't use a soft G for GIF.
Giraffe
It's gif :p
I say it with a j sound
Well, I dare to object, it is not pronounced GIF, but GIF!
Why am I watching this...
Nice to see the Gillingham vs Gillingham thrown in here. I live in Soft-G Gillingham, myself. Hard-G Gillingham doesn't sound right to me, but Soft-G Gillingham doesn't sound right to my friend who lives in London.
It’s yiff smh
Iam I the only one who only says the Alphabets, G I F
Giraffic Park Giraffic Signal Giraffic Design Giraffic Content
Yes, I love this. Thank you.
I figure that since gyro is pronounced with a Y, I pronounce GIF with a Y. 🤪
It's pronounced Throat-Wobbler Mangrove
Nice jraphics
Since watching his video, Ive switched pronounciations. I keep saying gif instead of gif now super annoying!
I did not realise there were two Gillingham’s. I always thought people were just mispronouncing the Kent town 🤦‍♀️.   I feel so dumb right now and am replaying conversations where I thought I knew what I was talking about. 😐
Thank you for making this
The one time the dislike button on a Tom Scott video is necessary, since it's clearly pronounced "GIF" 🤦
gotta admit the whole "jif not gif" slide really is a shot in the foot
I didn't actually know it could be pronounced "Jif". Jiff BTW is a brand of kitchen cleaner over here in NZ so that complicates things. 🤔
*_Giff Brandey, is the new acting star of the video. Yes it was a great._*
I pronounce it the same way as "wheelbarrow" ...
It's also depends on the base language. In Japanese, "jif" is much more common. (edit) It's probably because people want to avoid confusing it with "Gifu" (prefecture name).
The reason I pronounce it with a g instead of j is mostly because Jif peanut butter exists and that's one less homophone to keep track of.  I suppose there is cause to have fun language stuff like "the Jif gif" saying both with j like how people play with right and write, but if we're given an option of how to pronounce a word I prefer going with something unambiguous.
[insert funny gif here]
I think it could be related to how gif is so similar to the word gift.
Solution: Spell G-I-F in each letter.
Gif
He's a computer programmer, not a English major. It's GIF, not JIF
It's pronounced WEBM
And there's the case of foreigners. In Poland the only natural way to pronounce is /ɡif/ (unless someone tries to be ultra-correct), so /ɡɪf/ sounds better for me.
Xif
Jif is getting real tired of gif impersonating it.
I found it curious how it happens with other words in English and now I learn that of course there's a word for it. I moved to Michigan from Mexico only ever having read the state name or heard it from non native English speakers only to immediately stick out here for not pronouncing it Mishigan. Same with Tucson not being pronounced Tuck-son but Two-son.
I don't know about you, but I pronounce them separately. G. I. F.🤷🏾‍♂️
Now I know, I will always pronounce GIF correctly: as *crashing sound* *dial tone*
It's pronounced how it's spelled, Jee Eye Eff.     Or like "gift" without the T.
It's pronounced "Obsolete Media Format".  WebM is superior in all ways, including it's pronunciation.
Guys it’s gif end of discussion
I can't believe you have chosen the Dark Side, Tom. How the mighty have fallen...
Tom's never heard of the Skarp Lasser Rasser - _"The lasser is teu straunj"_
Is there a way to make a GIF out of this video?
"Jive"
Did anyone else just learn scuba is an acronym?
It's called Graphics Interchange Format, not Jraphics Interchange Format. That's enough for me
Woah language files again
I always pronounce it with a soft G. It just sounds better to me that way, I dunno.
The best solution is just to reform the English spelling system to be more phonemically consistent.   No more spelling argument... Profit !!!
It’s gif. Jif is a peanut butter brand
I'm still a giffy when saying gif.
Theres a cleaning product called jif and nothing with a hard g gif so might as well use something different.
I pronounce the G silent
I think the "gif" and "jif" people have a common enemy against the people you use "yif"
its meant to be said as GIF
Well .jif is a different file format so to avoid confusion it should be pronounced with a hard G
Regarding the acronym situation: you need not reference the meaning of the acronym if you can pronounce it on its own. Pronouncing LASER intentionally weirdly against its natural pronunciation in support of JIF is equivalent to bending facts to your own will
Its gif not jif end of story. Jif is for peanut butter not for you dummys to try and use it for a file format
being French the G was pronounced with a hard G and not with a J simply because our G and J are kind of Reversed but when you think about it, the English G is interchanged a ton. the French G is always a G and the J is always a J so i had no problems assuming it was GIF and not JIF... so from where you come from can also influence the pronunciation. tho i keep putting a Z when i write laser then correct it after... i wish letters would only have 1 function and no combination "exception" (why is there a C in exception, exepsion should be how it's written, functionally by the letters that is...)
IT'S GIF!!! NOT JIF!!! IT'S THAT EASY
Isn't this a reupload? I'm sure you uploaded this video a long while ago..
I say gif not jif, being the latter is my favorite peanut butter, but I treat it like pecan "pehkan" vs. "pee-can" where they're both right.
I thought they changed it from jif to cif back in 2001...
The classic proverb "Beware of geeks bearing GIFs" doesn't really work with the "j" pronunciation.
Gaef
Giraffes call it gibberish when you don't pronounce GIF correct.
People who pronounce it as a hard G  probably took the little bus to school...
How do you say gesture ?
Everyday we stray further from JOD
so was anyone gonna tell me that laser was an acronym or was i just supposed to find that out here
Hi. My name is Gerrit. Pronounced like Gif. But most people will say it like Gif, so I answer to both.
I speak two languages outside of English, so I pronounce it both ways, respecting the pronunciation rules of each language. In English I just get confused when I have to say it.
I really think that it’s pronounced gif not the other silly one gif
You left out the old English that suggests it's pronounced "yiff"
Personally, I'd say gif, although many others may instead say gif.
in old english it is pronounced yiff
It's WAV, not WAVE.
The different pronunciations are probably influenced of the country you live in and the language you speak. So for me it is gif with a hard g because it matches the German pronunciation.
Good to know I'll exist in the part of the history books that explains the pronunciation of a gif.
Jif is peanut butter, gif is the moving picture thing
The funniest thing about the .gif phenomenon is that the discrepancy itself results in even more pronunciations. People try to avoid kicking the beehive that it is, so they come up with new pronunciations, yike "yif" and "geif."
It's gif obviously
I read it /jif/ but I say it /gif/
Tom, I thought Mike Rugnetta already told us it's pronounced 'jife' like 'life' HAHAHAHAHAHA
You're all idiots. It's gif.
I feel uncomfortable with every pronunciation at this point
the correct answer is: *it doesn't matter* *you pronounce it the way you want*
I will die on the hill of soft G GIF. Maybe you don't get to define how a word is said when you invent it, but technically, GIF is a name, not a word. If someone tells you their name and everyone pronounces it differently, your name doesn't change, they're just wrong. How does that apply to this circumstance? Anyway, I don't have a strong logical argument here, I just HATE the sound of hard G GIF. Sounds incredibly dumb to me whereas soft G sounds fun and approachable, more matching the way we use them in communication.
Uploaded: 7 hours ago  Pinned Tom Scott comment: 1 month ago  Please teach us your time travelling ways
The format's creator says it should be a soft "G", but the format's creator also says that you can take a patent-encumbered compression algorithm, slap a few headers on it, and call it an "interchange format", so his authority to say what things are called is questionable at best.
No it's pronounced "yif" Kappa
It's pronounced 'of course'
Choosy developers choose gif. It's what you-torrent would do.
I always said dgif
Here neither, we pronounce it letter by letter.
Where I'm from its actually more common to say giiif
The actual reason it’s pronounced “jif” is because the inventor Steve Wilhite was riffing on a popular at the time commercial jingle for Jif peanut butter, “Choosy moms choose Jif”. The joke around the office was “choosy developers choose .gif”
Given that it is an acronym it makes sense to use a hard g, gif, over a soft g, jif
💖💝💝💝If you are reading this comment:  BE BLESSED!!!   x1,000,000!!! 💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💝💝💝💝💝💝
Gif not jif. come at me bro.
I don't care how other people say "Gif", I only care when other people tell me I'm saying it wrong. Thats when the argument begins.
I want a recount:  - It should be a /gi/ versus /dzi/ battle.  /g/ versus /dz/ doesn't help any decison. - And then  we have to take out all the words sounding like giro, girate, giant, because that's not one of the disputed options.
oh boy
450 000 view
i think i’ll say Gif from now on
Yiff
GIF is one letter from gift. Hense the reason I pronlunce it a specific way.
You know what? I’m about to say it, I don’t care if people think is GIF is definitely GIF.
0:32 wow, what an insightful point about language!
if you say jif, I will think you are talking about peanut butter, and I will not respond to you with programming advice.  That's my stance on the matter, as a programmer who might know a thing or two about stuff.  I do not care what the author says, it's up to the people to carry it forward.
Plot twist: It's "g-i-f" not "gif"
Finally being german pays of. Pronounce it Jif here and youll be looked at very concerned.
Both are right GET over it
If the largest community is "right" then the British should adopt American pronunciation. 😉
What? I always pronunced it as jif!
It's Geralt. Not Jerald.
Tough tits Wilhite, you should have spelt it correctly, it's Gif, not Jif.
And that's why English is stupid.
From now on, I’m saying potographic, aymplification, and oonderwater.
Even here in Spain, where the syllab Gi pronounced with hard, throat scraping sound, we pronounce it like gif, with a soft g.
pff gif and jif? i pronounce it Gee Ai Ef
Why is anyone still using this format? Move to MNG.
Some people pronounce it differently in different languages, I pronounce gif in english and jif in italian
Its pronounced gif, not gif like the dumb people think it is
"Beware of geeks bearing jifs." just doesn't work.
I can't tell the difference unless I'm paying very close attention, and when I speak I switch between the two even in the same sentence without noticing.  It drives my friends who care about that debate up the wall.
gif, obviously. You’d have to be insane to pronounce it gif.
I'm french and we have the exact same issue. Oddly enough in french I pronounce JIF (not DJIF though) and in english GIF. Following Tom's demonstration JIF in french is expected as you have to write GUIF to pronounce it otherwise. But there is a case (as in english) that it should be pronounced as it's creator (and what the acronym stands for) intented.
I just said the letters.
everytime I said jif everyone is like you're saying it wrong 😭
If you pronounce GIF as GIF and not as GIF you must be some sort of homicidal maniac. No-one in his right mind pronounces GIF as GIF instead of GIF.
"There should be no value judgment about particular words or pronunciations or types of speech" - look I know you're right but I can't help but judge colleagues that say jif, jithub (github) or jah-y-rah (jira)
There is a letter J for this reason, but that could be argued for many other letters/words, like city using a C and not an S. Why oh why
In Italian pronunciation, gi is always a “j” sound, even in Latin phrases such as  “Gigantos” it is still “j” . The “gi” phrasing comes from the Scandinavian languages, where in Norway “gigant” is pronounced with a hard “g” English being a melting pot of many European languages makes this question even a thing.  In the end you will always prefer to pronounce it gif
My dumb ass calls it g-i-f
IT CAN BE PRONOUNCED BOTH WAYS! I prefer hard G gif myself. Thats the way to live your lives
i always spell it letter by letter... just to make everyone happy, or maybe make everyone angry im not really sure.
Nobody pronouncing it like gef
Honestly, for quite a long time, I thought enemies in DOOM exploded into /ˈblʌdi ˈgɪblɪts/.
I used to pronounce it as "Jee Ai Eff" like an abbreviation before realizing that everyone used it as an Acronym.
What's a counterexample for it being extremely close to "gift". Are there any other words close together but with different pronunciation?
its 'gif', people that say 'jif' get a helicopter ride with Pinochet
After the revolution, they went door to door with a card. The phrase “.gif” was written on it. They told you to say it out loud.  For some, that was all.  The rest of us died with our honor.
Of course, everyone that matters knows it's pronounced 'jife'.
Ah yes. The Giraffics Interchange Format. Wouldn't life be better with more giraffes.
I personally have always said it as "Jif". It just sounds softer I guess.
It's gif ok, so get over it
Here in the Netherlands we pronounce it with the Dutch g, you know it, that ugly sound that sounds like you are scraping your throat, and then also with a bit of stress on the g.
I'll take this as permission for me to continue pronouncing vinyl vin-ul and metallurgy me-TAL-urgy.
It's with a hard g because it pisses off the dude trying to tell me how to pronounce my words
JIF is peanut butter.
In Germany we call this gif
My names jeff....
It's gif not gif
Jif
how about the annoying me-me's
we need to call it jif. but only because then there are 69 words with the pronounciation j
Obviously it is the former, the latter pronunciation is a kitchen cleaning product.
If you pronounce it as gif you're obviously wrong, the only right way to say it is gif
As Jod once sent his son Gesus who said it’s called „gif“
Well now it’s time to tell my grandmother it’s not pronounced “G.I.F”
gif just sounds better though
Always nice to see genuinely thoughtful content on trending. :)
It's GIF now and not JIF, the creator can suck it!
I thought it was pronounced yiff
I really love these videos. Please for the love of God put a sound panel in your studio.
why can't we just pronounce it with a y noise. yif. yiff. :^)
We already have jiff peanut butter. I think it makes sense to pronounce it differently to avoid possible confusion
Jif is a cleaning product. One could say "I was looking at Jifs all day." You'd think they spent way too long in the cleaning isle.  English doesn't need to be more complicated than it already is, therefore, GIF.
dßraphic. Sure, sure.
The corrent one is, of course, gif
Well, i will just say jif from now on. I mean, if it was in my language, italian, it would be pronounced that way so be it
If only I could use my mouth to make that glass breaking sound.
I feel personally offended
In NZ 'JIF' is a cleaning products
Does it really matter no
Steve can shut up too. IT'S GRAPHICS INTERCHANGE FORMAT! Not jabberwocky intercourse framework Steve! P.S. nobody cares if english acronyms work like that, that is how they SHOULD work.
It’s pronounced like the g in gigantic
Well in my native tongue of Swedish G in the beginning of a word is always pronounced as a hard g so I never really had this problem
GIF not jif.
I pronounce it both ways, just to make everyone unhappy.
Are you telling me Gif is not an acronym for Giraffe Interchange Format? Boof mind blown
Daz dhis miin ai'l haev tu aed bouth "gif" aend "dxif" tuu dhy njuu raitiq sistem dhen?
its gif, but only computers can drop the hard G.
There's 2 common arguments the jif camp uses, but they're both easily countered. For those curious they are:  1a. The creator said it's pronounced as jif, so it is jif. 1b. The English language is full of precedents where a word is pronounced differently than how the creator intended. That's how language works.  2a. Giraffe/gin/etc is with a jif. 2b. Gift literally has the word gif in it, and how is that pronounced? Gift takes priority over any other similar words.
I most certainly read the word before I heard it, and I was born in '82,
“jif” “it was white and gold” “a straw has two holes” “water isn’t wet” ... if I never have to hear any one of those things ever again I’ll die happy.
I'm Dutch and I say "Chif" (with ch like in 'Loch Ness')
We’ve got the same problem in French, everybody disagrees on the pronounciation. Is it [ɡif] or [ʒif] ? See in French “g” is generally pronounced /ʒ/ in front of an “i” or “e” *ONLY* but they are some exceptions such as: gin [dʒin] , Gillian [dʒiljan] , Gianni [dʒjani] etc... as for “gif” I think we followed the commonly used English pronunciation, because it does not respect the French pronunciation rules.
'It's pronounced "jif" not "gif"'  seals the deal- even the creator had to admit, albeit inadvertently, that "G I F" is pronounced with a hard g.
Am I the only one here who pronounced it as "gee-ay-ef"?
It was ALWAYS pronounced with a J sound prior to 2000.
wait this is a new video
Ah yes, Jrafics Interchange Format
Today I learned that laser and scuba are abbreviations
you're telling me scuba is an acronym????
"Its pronounced jif not gif" = I backed the wrong horse
I need an answer im a sheep
Orange, depending:  Fringe, Range, Flange
I think we can all agree it's pronounced GIF
Zhaif life
English is hieroglyphics with extra steps, Change my mind!!  (spelling has nearly anything to do with the pronunciation)
What about Linux?
No one cares
as a German, it is for sure /gif/. no way that _Grafik_ turns into a 'J'-sound. :D
What do you mean you dont pronounce it laser?
According to Google translate, the Chinese and Russians say giф*, so I expect this debate to be over within the coming decade with both sides losing.  *"g" as in "gate", iф as in "beef"
The fact that there is no strict ruleset of how to read a letter in English that does not involve knowing the entire word defeats the purpose of writing down the sounds as letters, Change my mind.  (What I mean is: in some languages, to read any letter all you need to know are classifications of the letter before and after, thus there is only one way to read a word - and only one way to write it down (one of such languages is Russian, the other is Thai))
JIF is a peanut butter...
"jif" could be spelled with a g or j. "gif" could only be spelled with a g. Why not err on the side of clarity?
Controversial opinion but I think it's pronounced gif
I pronounce it with a soft G, and I think the reason why is I have a brother named George, so I was more used to the soft g than i otherwise would be?
Scone ends with cone
Having grown up in the 90s, Jif is the former name of a cleaning product brand, so gif made more sense with a hard G.
Do you pronounce quark as quaaark or quork? Another word where the guy who coined the word favours the less popular pronunciation.
Well, maybe if you’re from a non-english speaking country you will apply your own language’s rules of pronunciation.  NASA for me will always be something like ‘nah-sa’. And I’ll pronounce ‘gif’ with a soft ‘g’
Hang on, the gif-format is considered "lossless"??
how about we just don't pronounce it? that would avoid all the problems.
Every time you see a jiffer defending that pronunciation on the internet they always use the J to show how it should be pronounced.  That itself is enough for me to say GIF is the proper way.
I always went the route of "gee eye eff" just spelling it out, everyone hated me
Nah mate, it's GIF, not GIF.
TIL laser is an acronym
Graphics interchange format  It’s GIF, not JIF.
Considering "Jif" is a cleaning product here in NZ, you can guess how I pronounce "gif".
_"A person who has less experience in real life complains about fiction. A person who really enjoys the creation is a person who has repeated various experiences in real life."_
In my country most people pronounce it /ɣɪf/. It’s also homonymous with our word for poison. 😀
2:47 England is a dumb country. There, I said it.
It's actually pronounced GIF
I pronounce it /zhēf/.
No it’s pronounced GIF
It's in a superposition. That's the end of it 😁
I love the subtitles
Gif it is!
I think the fact that gift is clearly pronounced the way it is should have some impact on how GIF is pronounced, personally. Just remove the t
Gif
Yiff 🙂
ive been pronouncing it as "gee eye eff" like an initialism since i was a kid and i'm not stopping now
is it github or jithub!
Finally, everyone knows it's definitely gif.
Its pronounced like the g in garage
For me as a non-english speaker, I pronounce it ^djif^ and ^gif^ it depends on the situation but I've never heard about ^yeef^ it's strange.
Meet the English language
you can't get closer to gif than gift, you only have to lob off the t.
In the words of CGP Grey, "Words are what we make them"
As a german im biased because we only say GIF
Seeing as how there is only one word that starts with gif that can't be broken down to that one word as its root:  gift... what should be the correct pronunciation seems obvious.
I pronounce it with a silent G. Annoys both sides.
/ʒaif/ for Life
Linguists should not say how things should be? Really now? That is directly working against the purpose of language. Without a ground truth from which all people derive their understanding of words and grammar, there will be a less than ideal transfer of thought by nature. Degradation of a language is a thing.   The logical conclusion to that line of thinking is that there should be no language school teaching people how to write and speak because that is telling "from on high" what is the correct way to speak.
I just say „moving picture“ 😂
̈ʷʷ̈̈̈̈̈̈̈̈̈̈̈̈̈̈
“It’s pronounced jif not gif” and the supposedly wrong one is how it is written, smh
It is pronounced Jiff. Anyone who says otherwise is a heathen
It's pronounced yiff
How old were you when you discovered scuba was an acronym??
I like to split the difference with /ɣif/
I always have said 'gif' with a hard g, because the G stands for 'graphical'.
Gingle bells was always one of my favourite christmas songs. A great time of year, very golly and full of jifting.
"...but others also just say syrup..." anyone? Gina? B99? No? Ok den.
English is stupid. It's gif. It's potato. It's pecan. It's tomato. It's pyjamas. It's sherbet.  Side note: at what point did hiccup overtake hiccough? I could have sworn hiccough was more popular when I was a kid.
All i'm saying is that if you have to misspell it as jif to show it pronounced with a soft G... it's probably gif
So is it Linnux or Lie-nux?
What about "often" ?
How in the world is 70% NOT a landslide, relative to 30% But yea, the creator of the word doesn't get to dictate the pronunciation, and English has MANY exceptions to the general rules, even if "jif" did make more grammatical sense in some fashion (not saying it does).
I’ve always gone with the logic that it should be pronounced “gif” because “jif” is a cleaning agent.
What about GILF???
guyf
Fine. But only if Fungi can go back to being Fungi and not Fungi.
Im german, its "GIF" für me
You can pronounce it however you please, but the person who invented the word should have the right to define how it should be pronounce.
Remember that old US peanut butter commercial? "Choosy mothers choose …"
Gjif the compromise.
Boy I love that Jod Fella.
I can understand why an English speaker would pronounce it  with a hard "G" as a GIF is something you usual receive from another person and a Gift is also something you receive from another person.
Was this vidoe inspired by machicolations in any way?
I pronounce it GIF as "Geef" like "Geeeeraffe"
Jesus christ, I'm already annoyed about Gillingham and Gillingham.
AS a bilungual i am drawn to pronounce it hard in my mother tounge and soft in english
The correct way to pronounce GIF is the opposite way of anyone who is adamant that it has to be pronounced a particular way.
Problem is english in practice has no phonetic rules.
I'm Italian and "g+i" is always pronounced  "dʒ". So I always use the second way to prounounce GIF.
I'm lusophone and it sounds much better to my ears the hard G with a proper vowel in the end:  "Guíffy" — but I guess we must wait until y'all decide. 😅
The dress is blue
My friends and I took the enlightened centrist approach and we just spell it out loud. G I F
It's gif not gif.
I love the ending, had me laughing out loud
It's Jretchin actually
Except in the uk there is a product called JIF that is pronounced with a j.  Thus the creator of the format is WRONG, i win the internet today.
In Italian the most common pronounciation is /ʤif/ because in Italian the letter G before an I is always pronounced /ʤi/. Those who says /gif/ are trying to look more "original", in the "trying to pronounce english word wit henglish pronounciation" meaning, but I think that acronyms should follow the language that you are speaking. After all, we pronounce laser /lazer/ and scuba /skuba/.
Dugerf?
I'm glad it's a word I type way more often than I say out loud.
ah yes, can't wait to open my birthday 𝑱𝑰𝑭𝑻𝑺
I just assume anyone who pronounces it with a hard g just doesn’t know better. Fr tho it sounds so unnatural
I prefer the soft-g because the hard-g can be confused with "gift" in some sentences. This confusion never exists with the soft-g.
It should be obvious to anyone that the G should be pronounced like in the word "garage". Zhif.
Nope, Not taking language tips from the English I've heard you guys say aluminum.
Probably should mention that the standard for acronyms in nato and military use is to use hard consonants only to prevent confusion when spoken.  That would mean a hard G
In french it's "jeef"
I will never pronounce GIF with a J. 'Jif' is a brand of peanut butter, not a graphics file format.
my logic why I pronounce it gif it's bc it's part frok gift and we don't say jift soooo
We should torture some AIs again and make them decide. It's only fair after the Bee movie incident...
And M&M is pronounced Muh-Muh.
In Dutch we call it a GGGGGGGGGif
So... Tom Scott... gave us the answer that, without a doubt, it's pronounced "Ka-Blamm!"
This is weird but, in most contexts, you can replace gif and gift, and the sentence will still make sense; because of this, I think it makes sense that its a hard g, like myself.
looks like its time to pronounce it Jee Eye Eff
Actually, the G is silent. As in gnome, light, and benign.
GIF is what we make of it
Y’all are wrong. It’s GEEF. GEESE + BEEF —> GEEF.
Jeff. My name is Jeff.
I think "JIF" just sounds uglier than "GIF"
its jif
ITS G.I.F
A friend of mine has taken to calling it dju-giff in order to prove to everyone that there is, in fact, an actual wrong way to pronounce the word.
2:30-2:35 - Right or wrong, Tom pronounces it with a hard 'G.'
Jif peanut butter was and is already a thing (in America), so GIF doesn't get to be pronounced the same way.  See?  Logic. :P
Scoot you can't have it say both ways are okay, It's like Lego, it's LEGO, not Legoes as Americans call it the degenerates, the word is Plural. Anyway I stand with the creator, it's pronounced Jif. Going back to Lego. The correct way of saying as examples: "I love to play with my LEGO" Not "I love to play with my LEGOES" "Look at all that LEGO" Not "Look at all those LEGOES"
Ghoti and chips are delicious.
I'm so indecisive on this, to the extent that no matter which pronunciation someone uses, I reflexively want to correct them to the other one.
"jife"
2:42 Tom you're pointing the wrong way when you say which gill is measurement and which is a fish part. For a moment I thought the fish gill is pronounced Jill! (But it's not.)
When ordering a Mocha in Costa I always (just for the crack) ask for a MoCHa, I never pronounce it MoCa, when the staff correct me I ask them if it's made with CHocolate or Cocolate..? Always confuses them!
It's definitely pronounced.
YAY!!  I CAN SAY "LYNIX" AGAIN!!!
Let’s all agree to call it G.I.F.
I disagree i think its gif not "gif"
why do people pronounce file extensions at all? *THEY ARE NOT WORDS.* I've never heard anyone say "echeks ee", "mmphfour", "aveye", or "kfffffig".
I cant wait to read the comments
It's an acronym so you're supposed to say it the way that you would say the letter in the replaced word... or maybe not?
The file format doesn't support sound, so the pronunciation is irrelevant.
English is a mess!
Giraffic Image Format - for pictures of giraffes
I pronounce it jeff
You are wrong it's pronounced gif
Pronouncing it as jeef since my Siemens M65 days. It's written on my mind.
i use the hard g for it simply because of "gift" i cant think of another english word containing the syllable gif or as part of a syllable... as for similiar sounding ones... give.. hard g again
gif or gif? Uhh I think it’s gif
It's pronounced  [ χɪf ].
GIF.
I really can’t tell if Tom purposely said proNOUNCiation instead of proNUNciation or not 😅
Modern english has soft and hard vowels, which mostly just have interactions with the consonants C and G. E, I, and Y are soft vowels, and A, O, and U are hard vowels. That's why you get a K sound for call, count, and curb, but an S sound for cent, cite, and cycle. Likewise, you get a hard G for game, goal, and gun, but a soft G for gel, gym, and gif.  The older you go for the origin of words, the more exceptions you get to this rule, which is why I say modern English.
I'm really glad you didn't give a definitive answer to this. While I may pronounce it GIF, I respect the people who pronounce it GIF.
I'm pronouncing it with a hard g since the 'dji' sound is not associated with the letters 'gi' in my native language. I wonder how that would be for say your italian viewers.
I was today years old when I learned that the "gill" unit of measurement is not pronounced like the fish part.
If Tom says it's Gif then that's good enough for me.
For a long while I pronounced it "jif", because in French, wich is my mother tongue, I can't think of any word in wich "gi" would not be pronounced "ji".
huh didn't know this was a issue
It's gif, not tomato
70% is a vast majority. It's GIF.
My Nordic friend says its gaegögeagöadvbfrsgadvzöbfrgwefsadöfc
Its all just confusing for those of us that are dyslexic
I used to be a huge proponent for gif with a hard g. And I was a stickler for pronunciation. I said things like "that isn't proper English". Studying linguistics helped because of it's approach. Descriptivism is a blessing.
In the words of GTA, "Aw sh*t, here we joe again." Because that's how "g" is pronounced, right?
Us french read it Jif
Chris Hardwick took the words out of my mouth as far as this goes: "I don't care what the creator of the format says; he's a programmer, not a linguist."  Also, not only is there a peanut butter brand that took the soft 'g' sound thanks to Jif, but is "graphic" pronounced with a soft 'g'?  No, it's a hard 'g'.  It's not about the acronym itself for me, it's about the word that the letter "g" represents in said acronym.
even if it is jif how can you say “it’s jif not gif” when it’s literally spelled gif
its pronounced with a hard G and if you dont agree then come fight me! haha.
I always thought the P in JPEG did stand for Potography (cannabis-inspired art)
The sound “Jif” was already used when “Gif” came out. That has to count for something. Jif was a name used for a cleaning product. There is also the Jif lemon juice.  So it’s confusing to then pronounce Gif like something that is already in “phonetic” use
I've lost my mind at Gillingham and Gillingham
Unilever should just buy them and rename it CIF.
Why don't we all agree on saying "compressed video of short length often used for comical effect in popular internet culture"
There’s only one way. G stands for Graphics and not Giraffe.
I prefer the Dutch pronunciation of the g.
It's gif not jif. Facts
In spanish it's laser and not laser
I'm ashamed of having pronounced all the alphabets in GIF individually until now.
I literally had no idea laser was an acronym...
I'd rather die than pronounce it gif.
I pronounce it jee-ai-eff
Why don't we just pronounce it gee eye ef.
Graphics Interchange Format isn't pronounced Jraphics Interchange Format.  Case closed
gif just reminds me of gif gaf
yep, its GIF, check 1:12
How do you pronounce the JIF files then. Hint: it's also a graphic format.
Me and my friends usually pronounce it as /gʤɪf/ combining the two making everyone mad
I am very happy to be German. We never had that discussion.  We only know the hard G like in the term "global invasion"
I'm Dutch, and I say /ɡɪf/. I think it is because gif is a Dutch word for poison, that is pronounced /χɪf/ or /ɣɪf/.
And they say japanese writing is hard
"Jif" is a peanut butter brand in my head already. If we were supposed to pronounce it "jif," it would be spelled as such, according to my brain.
Finally that's out there GIF
Ah, the gif that keeps giving.
Ive been annoyed by this for 26 years 😎🤣
Try the Dutch pronunciation!😅 We say gif, with the g as in gisteren.
Wa call it "гифка".
Let's make the arguement even more annoying!  The Spanish pronounciation for GIF would be more like HIF, since a G followed by an I is a soft G.  Not every is an English speaker, but file format standards are worldwide.  You're welcome.  >:-D
I confuse my coworkers based on how I use it. I call it a gif when I'm referring to something user created but I'll use the "jif" pronunciation when I refer to the format. it throws a wrench at them and to my defense I'm not wrong in either sense and I have explained it a few times. I'm following the technical specification of the format name - which can be officially changed once the creator is dead - till then the format is "Jif", the content is gif.
It's pronounced like the g in gigantic
🇱🇷 just got back my account thanks to @steve.watcher such an incredible hacker. Find him on Instagram ✅
Try the Dutch pronunciation!😂
Its GIF
Perhaps even more perplexing to me is why /g/ is the "hard" g when it sounds more "bouba" to me, while /dʒ/ is "soft" despite sounding more "kiki"...
EvErYoNe ArE sUcH mOrOnS, iTs GIF
I don't care what anyone says, I'm still going to pronounce it GIF.
Funny the 'gif' pronouncion means poison in Dutch
I thought it rebranded as Cif in the UK in 2001 because of pronunciation difficulties... 🤔
Funnily enough, the existence of JIF files is still one very good reason why "jif" for GIF files just doesn't really make that much sense either.
70% isn't a landslide?
WAIT THERE ARE 2 GILLINGHAMS????
Anyone who says Jif would get a free peanut butter thrown into their faces
Your most important work yet.
Gay pronounced as Jay
I'm a Russian so I usually pronounce it as /gifka/ in Russian and both ways in English
It's definitely gif and not gif
frogchamp
Gym? What's a gym?   Oh, haha. A Gym!
*Laughs in Dutch*
I say "jif" because english is not my native language and it's easier to pronounce. Not that i ever got the chance. Also, i didn't think about this at all until hearing that there was a debate about it, but when i did i immediately pledged allegiance to "jif" because it's the minority and i want to be cool.
I don’t care what the creator says, gif is said with a hard g and it always will be for me. Even if “jif” becomes the more popular pronunciation I will continue saying gif.
I use the G in Genre so everyone can be equally upset. ggghif
Today I learned "Laser" and "Scuba" are acronyms.
Me from Poland where we read it gif, not jif, because that's how our language works: What's the problem?
I say G I F
I just can't bring myself to say "JIF". It's wrong down to my very soul.
Isn't it called CIF now...
The problem for the 'JIFfers' is that there is the cleaning product that already has that name... so as the graphics format is not a cleaning product, it's not pronounced like the cleaning product. Hence the hard G. (IMO ;) )
I wonder if being so close to “gift” influences the more common pronunciation.
Another thing to consider is that the vast majority of words that are brands/products the way the company/people who own the rights to it have the say over the "proper' pronunciation, but just because it had to do with computer software the creator has had that taken from him while others call him wrong.  Even if you disagree with him I think you can see how frustrating it would be. For me I always read it as dzif for the simple reason is in school here  in Canada I was taught a G followed by a vowel was pronounced like a J with exceptions, the majority of which were slang, or slang derived, words or words adopted from other languages.  Then there were the minority exceptions that were the English Language just being fluid.  Many of my friends who read it the other way were not taught that in school and treated G like J as the exceptions to the  G sounds like 'Gah' rule.
02:17 According to Steve Wilhite, this should be pronounced 'psycholinjuistics'.
the spoken for gif(hard g) only denotes one possible spelling, where as gif(soft g) could be spelled two ways. so it is more exact to say it with a hard g.
Omg!!! I didn't know that laser was an acronym!!!! 🤯
For me, it's like gift. it has gif in it.
The f*ck what!!? Laser and Scuba are acronyms!!?
No its gotta be GIF!
It's pronounced guy-F. Hold the F as long as you want.
It’s pronounced Yif
Nah its pronounced yiff
It's actually .webm
I always thought it was a spanish g, making hy-feh...
It sounds similar to the Jif vs Cif debate. People in the U.K. called it Jif, but according to the advert everyone else in Europe called it Cif. So it is called Cif.
its actually (hard g)w-ah-f
It is ghif, the creator is wrong, jif is peanut butter.
I gif up...
We get the gist.
It pronounced G I F you idiots.
Gif is already an old English word meaning "if" and it should be pronounced "yiff".
time to change how we pronounce SCUBA then :D
2:14 gay is more common
Let's ask G.I. joe. Because knowing is half the battle.
Definitely pronounced gif, not gif.
It’s pronounced gif with a hard g
The creator of a thing gets to decide how to name the thing, *and* how to pronounce it.  The creator pronounces it with a soft "G," (as in giant,) so that is the correct way to pronounce it.  It is well within the creators choice to spell it "GIF" and have it pronounced "Zoinks," or "Bob" or anything.  The letters used don't determine the pronunciation, *ONLY THE CREATOR DOES!*
it's pronouced "my name jeff"
Gibs are jibs so I understand why gifs are jifs.
it's gif. (g-ei-f)
The people that say Gee aye eff: mAyBe iM a dIfFeReNt bReEd
Don't even try putting a y instead of the j
I pronounce it "yif"
I mean as a German Native Speaker it's obviously GIF with a hard G, but I think the reason why in english speaking Countries the hard G also tends to win out is the fact that the word "gift" exsists so I assume that the Brain creates a link to that and just does not pronounce the T at the end.
GIF = /D3if/… and nothing else!
the g is silent
The P & N in PNG are both silent, making it pronounced "J".
It's Jeff
IT'S DJIF
Here we go again.
Just REVERSE IT and it's settled  F I G  👍😎
Jyfe for life For PBS Idea Channel, ya know :)
it's "jif" if you don't mind being laughed at by your colleagues every time you discuss image files, otherwise hard-g "gif"
Wait, what? Scuba is an acronym???
It's easy in my language, we don't have a soft g.
Fun fact: In older versions of English, "gif" would be pronounced like "yiff".
Jive.
The fact that hard g gif is phonetically spelled gif proves it is more intuitive, not to mention it's 70% preferred. Q.E.D.
Gif is natural, jif is just for the sake of stubbornness.
no
It’s jif
Me reading the title : Might as well looking the video...
Human spoken language is just about the only truly democratic system that comes to mind, we all participate non-stop on deciding how everything is pronounced... No wonder some are trying their worst to ruin that and become the "authority" on the matter, and no wonder that it won't happen Also, cut it out with the GIF people, we already have WebP
0:59 lossless?
Laser is pronounced exactly like that (lassar) in romanian, so maybe it's English that's the problem
I orignally pronounced it jif, but have since switched just to avoid arguments
if "god" is pronounced with a hard g then why is "omg" pronounced "oh em jee"?  i'm a fan of the "yif" pronunciation myself
It's pronounced as jiff
Your language makes it hard. I wish, languages like Turkish was dominant language of the world because of its one-to-one relation between letters and sounds. visit: /wiki/Phonemic_orthography
For me its "gif" not "jif". say "gif" and its very unlikely anyone will spell it "jif". Say "jif" and they might spell it with a "j"or a "g".  Not always spell it with a "g" when saying as a "j" but more likely to spell properly. As intended.  With computers the jate is either on or off. True or false.
It's not *wrong* to pronounce it /ɡɪf/, but I think it's *better* to pronounce it /dʒɪf/. /ɡɪf/ can easily be confused with the word "gift", but I don't know of a commonly-used word that can be confused with /dʒɪf/.
I only saw gif written as a kid.. and I instinctively pronounced it as jif.
It's pronounced "Thanks for the file format! Now piss off and let *us* decide how to pronounce it."
anyone else say gist with the gi sound instead of the J sound? (i.e. you'd put it on the left hand side not the right at 1:38 )
I usually go for "gif, gif, thingy"
I sure love me some Jrafics Interhange Format
I thought it was guy-fur
"Wait, it was pronounced gif the whole time?" "Always was."
Sorry Mr. Wilhite, but Jiff just doesn't sound that right.
Everyone: talking about gif Me: Laser is an acronym?!
I feel like I've already seen this video for some reason
Guys! Its /gif/ with a soft G
Gif is included in gift and other words like that, they all "gif" not "jif". Problem solved!
I’m still holding out for dghifets
It's poison
The fact that we recognize "gif" and "jif" as referring to the same word means that we already effectively accept both pronunciations as correct. It's the same way that no matter which side of the Atlantic you're on, English-speakers recognize that "herb" and "erb" or "alum-in-um" and "alu-mini-um" are the same.
thats cool and all but why are you not talking about the elefant in the room? the fact the gif is a shitty and outdated format. so if the world just moves on from this bad format we would not need to have this pointless discussion
2:43 Time to make a new format named GIF that's pronounced the opposite way you pronounce the original GIF.
Jiffers: it's called "jif" cuz the guy who invented it said so Giffers: you mean the juy?
I say GIF in my native language and JIF in english
ITs a hard G. Stoppit!
So it's Jiff and Gaypeg?
I guess I say it the way I do cause that's how I was brought up, but I kinda wanna say most G's as a hard G cause a soft G is just a J and that's already a different letter, also there is another file called a jif
Actually it should be pronounced Aypie-enjieh.  (GIF being an inefficient, license-problematic and generally obsolete format.)
Lucky day, mousetrap monday, Cody's lab, and Tom Scott
The Dutch: "it's /xɪf/".
yea, saying gif makes the most sense
Hard G. Why do you do this?
It’s pronounced “Throatwobbler Mangrove”
I use both interchangeably
Ok, so if .gif is pronounced as jif, then how do we pronounce .jiff? gif?
Does anyone use JitHub ?
yiff
As a jerman i say gif :D
You find out how certain people in your social circle pronounce it.... Then do the opposite for everyone.
Till the end of video I  actually forgot how i  use to pronounced GIF
Luckilly in spanish every letter correspond to a unique sound (or a very specific rule), now the hedaches comes when you have to conjugate a word. So GIF in spanish is "hiph" (G is weak on E and I (the same sound as J) and is strong on A, O, U and on E and I when it has a U in the middle like in "guepardo" and if that U (which is usually mute) is Ü then both vowels are pronounciated like in "pingüino")
Guys you are all wrong its pronounced GIF
Times like these, I miss Mike Rugnetta's pronunciation.
English sucks
Its not jraphics you morons!!!
The real question is how you pronounce PNG.
its pronounced G I F individual letters fight me
The problem is not the word GIF, or what its creator says or how people pronounce it... The problem is the English language as a whole, just get a regular spelling guideline for gods sake, one that gives roughly one sound for each letter that follows how most people already pronounce those words. You know like 99% of languages already have.
The 30% are choosy moms.
So-called gifs often don’t even use that file format anymore. The mutation rate is through the roof.  Meanwhile, I’m just waiting for PNG (whose _only correct_ pronunciation is ping 😉) to get the same treatment.
I pronounce it as G I F (each letter alone 😂😅)
The only true way to pronounce the word is to pronounce it like gift without the t.  Any other way is just crazy.  It is not to be pronounced like jig, jigsaw, or jif.  The word is a very polarizing one, so the gi of gif deserves a more assertive sound than the sound that we English speakers produce when pronouncing jig, jigsaw, or jif.
Even the kitchen cleaner company had enough and changed it to 'Cif'
This made my heart melt at 2:50 Living in Gillingham (Jillingham, the smaller one)
“Choosy programmers choose GIF" that's where the original pronunciation comes from after the peanut butter slogan
Me, a Dutch guy, pronouncing it with the Dutch g
The inventor is a coder, should stay with that. Gift. gif. Either say G I F or gif(t)
If 70% of the population pronounce it gif with a hard G then it's pronounced gif with a hard G, that's just how language works. I didn't like it when they put chillax in the dictionary, but they did, so I accepted it. The person who invented the format needs to get over himself and move on.
thank god we cal all agree that it's pronounced gif
GIF is an abbreviation of Graphics Interchange Format. It should be pronounced G. I. F
Reminds me of when J. K. Rowling tried to declare retroactively that Dumbledore was gay.  Sorry, that's not how it works.
It’s pronounced like zhife
more important: jpeg is actually pronounced gay-pack
I pronounce it to rhyme with ‘knife’
I thought the whole point of the 'jif' pronunciation was to make a joke about peanut butter.
In America, since we have JIF peanut butter, and we know how that is pronounced, maybe that subconsciously makes us look for a different pronunciation when we see GIF.
"Epitome" is the, um, epitome of why your instinct is not the determining factor of how a word is pronounced. Nor is general preference. Sometimes it's okay to have two different pronunciations. Just choose either route and go with it.
I say it's "gjif"
GIF is not an english only word so this video is kinda pointless :)
no actually it's gif
Ew you pronounce it with a hard g
This makes me think of the hard and soft G song from Electric Company. The one by Lin Manuel Miranda.
I used to pronounce it as separate letters lmao. Y'all should consider this pronounciation though
As a non-native English speaker, "gif" sounds more natural than "jif". Then again, we don't have the English "j" sound in Spanish, so that may have influenced my choice of pronunciation.
I would say it as G.I.F. because GIF is an acronym.
I found a way to pronounce it in a particular way that should keep everyone happy: GIF
I like to pronounce it /ˈdʒiː ˈaɪ ˈɛf/.
Always pronounced it gif because gif just sounds weird.
Okay but is it "data" or "data"
I always pronounced it Jif. It sounded right to me.
People who says "jif" just do it to feel different.
In Dutch we actually have the word 'gif', it means 'poison'. So that's how I pronounced it my whole childhood. Until I learned English and I pronounced it with a hard 'g'. I'm not sure how that came to be. Did I adopt it because it was closer to the 'g' of my native language, or did I pick it up because that's how I heard it spoken most by English natives? Or did my brain simply look at the words it knew in English as you suggested in the video and thought it should be spoken with a hard 'g'? Brains are weird like that. Thank you Tom, for making me think about this interesting yet totally unimportant thing 😛
Its pronounced GIF. GEE AIY EFF
I hate how linguists try to apply descriptivism outside of linguistics.  Of COURSE the study of language must study what exists and simply analyze and describe.  But the native speakers can and must collectively enforce a 'right way to say it' approach.  Otherwise language would be too fluid and error-based to fulfill its basic function of enhancing communication.  Teaching would certainly be impossible.  Trying to enforce descriptivism outside of linguistics is exactly as counterproductive as trying to use prescriptivism inside it.  That said, I use and support the soft sound because it's just easier to say in the sentences where I often used it as a child.
/ʒaɪf/ for life      Serious talk: The correctness of a pronunciation is proportional to the ease with which it's understood (and, though it's rarely a significant factor, the ease with which it's spoken). Neither pronunciation of 'gif' can reasonably be considered "wrong".
I say Jif mostly because it annoys the gif-people so much since inside they know they are wrong
Jif. And > 70% of the people I know say it that way.
Great way to end that
Finally the world can agree and we will have peace. Henceforth it will forever be pronounced GIF.
I dont care about this on but the giga- prefix should definitely be a j sound.
I just read it by idividual letter... For less confusion
@2:32: I'd say the matching is true for the majority of people.  Those who have a learning disability (dyslexia) can apply a different process.
idea or ideer???
The reason I think Gif is Gif not dzif, is because in animation software I use there are actual JIF files.
I think it’s because I had already heard of JIF peanut butter, so my brain already had a word that was pronounced that way, so when I saw gif I pronounced it the more popular way.
*M Y   N A M E   I S   G I F*
nah, jif got changed to cif and that's definitely not right.
It's not "Jif", it's "Gif" where the "G" is pronounced the same as in "Grape"
to-MAY-to, to-MAH-to, let's call the whole thing off.
You can find him saying gif instead of jif at 1:12
It's JIF even though my daughter's name is Gillian :)
team ɡɪf where you at?
I didn't know that scuba is an acronym too... :O
Everyone says "jif" (in my area) and I rarely ever hear the other pronunciation.   Of course, GIF is an outdated format, really only good for lossless 8-bit grayscale or for color images (like diagrams) that have a maximum of 256 different colors in them that are never intended to be rescaled to any other resolution than the original.
its not gif, it's gif.
Didn't it change to sif
2:31 if you want to know how tom pronounces it
I'd say we very much do consider location in a word when determining how letters are pronounced. That's why "ghoti" feels so wrong- "gh" is only ever /f/ at the *end* of a syllable.
In faroese GI sounds like ji.
It should be pronounced "irrelevant". It's passed time for gif to go the way of flash. PNG and HTML5 video are far superior.
It's GIF with a hard G
It's obviously GIF. The argument of "It's pronounced JIF" is just nonsensical, because if you have to misspell the word just to make the majority of people understand what you mean, you're just plain wrong.
You can pronounce GIF in two ways "gif" or wrong.
I did not search for this. But I'm mind blown now.
2:30 YEEEEEEES TOM PRONOUNCES IT GIF NOT JIF WE WON!!!!!!!!!!!!
It’s jif not gif
It's pronounced /yiff/ guys or should I say furries
there is often a similar debate in sweden about the word "kex" (one of the swedish words for cookie), some pronounce it with a hard k, others like "checks", and it's not based on your accent. i grew up with saying it like "checks" but some people i grew up around said it with the hard k. its probably not the only such word in swedish but it's the most well known one.
Tom,  you need your own poll.  No need to sing the results though.
WRONG! ITS "GIF" NOT "GIF"!!!
The fact that 30% of people are still out there saying "jif" is a great argument against pure descriptivism.
"Gif" is farther apart from "yiff" than the other pronunciation, so I'm sticking to it.
Jrapics Interchange Format
people try to make the argument its jif not gif. If this was correct why is the wrong answer the correct spelling.
Gif image  Jif peanut butter
2:37 My brain doesn't even make an attempt to pronounce words I read. I read novels without once thinking about how the main character's name sounds, simply recognizing the character by the pattern of squiggles that appear each time they speak after "... said."
Tennyson has the only acceptable pronunciations.
who the heck had the idea of naming one of file format ".gif", why its not ".amiruoi" stand as animated moving image rarely uploaded on imgur
Can we at least agree that people who pronounce it with a long 'i' are a danger to the public.
Honestly I find myself pronouncing it both ways. I'm not sure which one I say more often.
is this a reupload?
Am I the only one who amazed that "LASER" is the abbreviation??
I say 'jif' but I think I am probably wrong because the american peanut butter brand Jif already called that pronunciation.
It's pronounced gif, not gif.
I come down on the hard G side for orthographic reasons that always seemed sufficiently good to me, but I admit are slipping a little....  But as far as descriptivism is concerned? The entire purpose of language is to allow people to communicate. For that to be possible, everybody has to have the same mappings from word to concept. Descriptivism throws that entire idea in the toilet, and hence, I cannot, at the tactical level, give it any credence whatever.  Up at the thirty thousand foot, 10-year level, fine. Languages adapt. But that isn't what descriptivism is advocating. At least not as far as I've been able to discern.   Prescriptivism forever!
Gif is gif not jif if it wanted to be jif it should be spelled jif!
I‘m German therefore I take the hard g
Has anyone done any research into exactly when the hard-G pronunciation became common? When I was a kid everyone know how to pronounce gif. When I was in college in the late 90s the campus computer club had a recruitment poster that said "Choosey geeks choose .GIF" which is a joke that only works if everyone knows that the GIF is pronounced with a soft G. I didn't even realize that people were mispronouncing it until like 2013 or so, by which point the hard-G pronunciation had seemingly become ubiquitous. I would really like to know exactly when & how that change occurred.
The correct answer is ofcourse : G  I  F
The fact that we have the word "gift," in which the 't' is practically silent in most American pronunciations, at least, is the most definitive determinant here. There is also the fact that we have words "jiff," "jiffy" which are spelled with a 'j', strongly implying that if it were a phonetic word and it was pronounced with 'dz' sound, it would end up getting spelled as "jif". When pattern matching, the human brain will focus on similarity and commonality, so the fact that there are a pile of other words in language that also start with 'gi' matters little if they are both less common and less similar to the obvious examples. So trying to prove that majority should be pronouncing it like "jiff" instead of like "gift" is an absolutely a lost cause. And, well, statistics reflect exactly that.
I liked where you were talking about how our brains decided to pronounce it, because I think the way I pronounce it is due to my synaesthesia. G with a hard G sound is greenish-yellow which better matches the yellow of I and the green of F. Pronouncing it as Jif, the J sound is more murky blue-purple which definitely doesn’t fit the vibes of the rest of the word. I think my brain saw the word and subconsciously defaulted to a pronunciation where the sounds have the most similar colours, gif rather than jif.
It's pronounced like the "g" in "gigantic"
This is embarrassing, I've been spelling jin wrongly this whole time
JIF *runs away in fear
"Its a victory for the JIFers!" Tom Scott
You git, it's not gif. It's gif, you genius.
It's GIF. Change my mind.
It's pronounced GIF not GIF
No mention of peanut butter?
Both work.
uses gib as an example. very good.
you know how if a code runs into an error it just stops? we should do that when we try to say gif. just stop talking
What about pronouncing it to rhyme with "life"?
Jif is a peanut butter, GIF is a video format.
Excuse me while I go make a call on my t-ee-l-ee p-ho-nee
What is more fun to pronounce wins. To me the jif just limp wristed and awkward.
You brought this up at the wrong time, it is 2020.       You know something is going down.
It's funny how everyone is disputing about "GIF" but no one even cares about "updog"
gif. is going to be a dead format in a couple years anyway.
I pronounce it with a silent 'g'.
I can’t be the only one who pronounces it G . I . F
before millions of views
I don't care if the creator thinks it should be prounced "JIF," he's wrong
I ain't gonna go to a debate. I see an acronym, I read and pronounce it alphabetically(except for some like Laser).  So people, I'm a kind of people who neither says jif, nor says gif, rather says G I F.  Anyone else here ?
Why is it g and d3 and not g and j?
Doesn't it stand for generated image file? Therefore, jif.
anyone else say it both ways? like if someone says gif I'll say it gif, but if someone says gif I'll say it gif.
well, in french if you want to get the G sound with a I, you need to add a U, so GIF, is read JIF, and not GUIF. Every language will have it's way to reading it.
Proof english is the shittiest language ever
1:26 In Spanish laser is pronounced like that :)
It's definitely pronounced gif...I should know, I genuinely grew up in Gillingham (the Norfolk one) 😛👍🏻
Not gonna lie heard both pronunciations so often that my brain's reading both out at once whenever I see "gif".
It was GIF all along.
My name starts with a 'J' and so I have always had a disdain soft 'G's. We already have a letter that make that sound.
Im just gonna call it poison
I'm still gonna pronounce it gif.
Not jif
Gif
Jesus Christ you people love being wrong HARD G-ers
Jiffy pop, was a thing, even as a gift.
what happened at the end there?
The real problem here is the f***d up english spelling... in spanisch or german one letter equals one sound (sometimes maybe 2 but according to very strict rules). A confusion like that would never happen in those languages.
its GIF not JIF also you're dumb if you say JIF everyone is going to think of the peanut butter brand
Actually you should pronounce the letters of the file extension.
I watched this wearing headphones and I thought my cabinets fell off the walls at the end
mif
It's pronounced "gif" as in "gif"
definitely a hard g
I use to be on the g sounded gif, like gift without the t, and I would say that Jif is a brand of peanutbutter. But over time I was persuaded to believe that it is the j sounding gif. The one who made the word, should decide the pronunciation within reason. Just like how parents get to choose the pronunciation of their child's name. But g-gif is like a nickname of j-gif, and a lot of people know you by your nickname ranther than your legal name, but your legal name is still important.
English must be the only language where this is a problem.
Wasn't it named in homage to JIF peanut butter?
Of course these days it's actually pronounced CIF, and not JIF
The fact that it's gif vs jif is all the evidence you need
In Spanish we unanimously call it GIF with a hard G although it should be pronounced the other way (following Spanish pronunciation rules) so your last argument doesn't stand up.
"Gif", "jpheg", and "lahsser"
i've always said jif, and to force myself to safe gif pains me for some reason
I've forgot what I used to call it now
1.21 gigawatts?!
Shoutout to all the people that still remember Zhaif. Canonically, unargueably the better option!
For me it really just comes down to colloquialism. The point being words is to convey their meaning and simply put, more people understand what a 'Gif' is than a 'jif', so its just easier to go with what is more accepted and commonly used.
(G)raphics (I)nterchange (F)ormat.... Gif, NOT Jif.
the 'g' in 'GIF' is pronounced like the 'g' in 'garage'.
actually it's pronounced ģ̶̛̪̲̟̯̪̜͈̻̗̤͚̃̆̅̈̔͑̽̎͋̄̅̕i̵̧̢̼͍̖͕̳̦̲͇̻̦̮̗͈̜̭̟̲͈̿́̊̾̋͗́̔̈́̅̏̌̈͛̾̔͂̉̅̋͊̀̈́͒͆͛͗͗͐͒́̋͘̚̚̚͘͝ͅḟ̵̧̛̛̛̛̹̞͉̮͈̦͎͍̬̪͙̻̮̳͕͉̬̫͎̥̭̳̙̼͕̘̙͙̯̺̥̮̭́͆̑̽͛̋̊̉͂̒̈̐́̊̿̎̍̅̽́̐̊̏̉̈́̀͜͜͠͝ͅ
That ending was just pure gold!
Hey shut up it is Gif with a hard g
I'm glad you finally have tackled the most pressing controversy in software engineering which has never been satisfactorily addressed!
"Gif" is the Afrikaans word for poison, and they pronounce it like "hoof." So that's the pronunciation I always use.
Great video as usual Tim Scott!
OMG dying - Giraffic interchange format and then the mispronounced acronyms
So I'm the only one who says G.I.F???
The bravery it took to produce this video...
I just realized I would say "jif" in my native language, but "gif" in english, how weird is that?
2:00 Tom please don't say those words in that specific conjugation, and in that specific order.
kif
This popping up today coincides with a certain thread based around the Old English pronunciation of a word with the same spelling, it's pronounced /jif/ (yiff) and one could imagine what connotations that pronunciation carries
Am I the only one who pronounces "JPEG" ad "J'PEG"?
I tend to say yiff
I pronounce it with an even harder G. The Dutch G.
The G is silent, duh.
0:13 I recognize the council has made a decision, but given that it’s a stupid ass decision, I’ve elected to ignore it.
Bruhh Jiff is for peanut butter, Gif is for memes
i've also used gif with a j
Glad that’s all cleared up then!🧐😳🤦🏻‍♀️
Next up: PDF is it pronounced as P.D.F or PEDIF
I pronounce it GeoCities. ;-)
I really liked the video, but why did you use the now non-standard/obsolete /ʤ/ ligature instead of /d͡ʒ/, which the IPA now uses? Is there a reason behind that?
As an American, I tend to want to differentiate the file format (hard "g") from the brand of peanut butter (JIF).
Gif just sounds so much better
i pronounce it like jif to differentiate from gift, because a lot of times people don't pronounce the t very clearly
It’s Jif
All that matters is that people know what you're referring to. If someone said "Today I saw a grr-affe at the zoo" you should know they meant giraffe. So it doesn't matter whether someone says "I sent you a gif" or "I sent you a jif".
I read the word Eunuch long before I ever heard it and decided it was pronounced Enuch. My English skills said, Yes emphasise  the E. Then I learned it's ignore the E and go straight to the U. English is weird!
I'm here in the Youtube's comment section
I pronounce GIF with a "J" because I was actually using computers in the pre-Internet days when they were the de facto standard, only geeks and nerds had ever heard of GIFs, and that's the way we all pronounced it. If it weren't for the silly animations, GIF would have been dead and buried the day the PNG specification was released and we wouldn't even be talking about this.
Just to put some weigh behind your well versed and intelligent point... I read the title of this as confirmation that my pronunciation was correct. It was only once I got to the end of the video that I realized my brain was applying its own personal interpretation. Very well done! Though that being said, your pronunciation is entirely correct :D
Jif is a brand of peanut butter...
I live in Gillingham but I pronounce it gif.
Orrrr, is your co-author's name "Jretchen McCulloch?"
It'll always gonna be a hard "J" to me... so JIF off!
I grew up speaking Swiss German. We do never pronounce G as J, therefore i grew up learing it as GIF, not JIF. But since it stands for "Grapgic" i will just roll with that.  But then again, "Great Britain" is often shortened and pronounced as JB. "Good Game" is shortened and pronounced as "JJ"...
I don’t care what anyone say, I’ll use GIF and not GIF!
Up next: Tom Scott dissects the hotdog sandwich debate.
2:30 "unless you're very young" Hmmm, not that young anymore 😅 Depending on how you define "young"
Also when the jiff people go to see a band play, are they going to a jig or a jidge?
I prefer gyf
It’s pronounced like the G in garage.
In what sense is 70% of the popular vote not a landslide?
Tomato.
/ʒɪf/
What I learned from this, Gillingham and Gillingham are two different places. Never knew that.
/xɪf/
I just don't want to have to say "yiff" more than necessary.
Hard G all the way xD
My main takeaway from this is that laser is an acronym
THANK you! i've been arguing this point for years. if english can have multiple equally valid pronunciations for "vase," "foyer," "route," "envelope"...and so on...then everyone should be okay with having two equally valid pronunciations of "gif".
In Catalan language, g + i is always pronounced /ʒi/ (yes, without d), but after hearing it online so much now I also say /gif/, when speaking English
It's Gif, not Jif
Is it me or was it very annoying that the lined paper wasn’t level. Not very Tom....
I'm supprised you didnt go to both Gillingham's
TIL Laser and Scuba are acronyms
Every day we stray further from jod
I actually heard the word GIF before I read it. And the person that I heard it from mentioned both pronunciations.
I say it with a hard G because it’s sound stupid with a J sound
Everyone knows you should use the full name for Graphics Interchange Format, so in conclusion I didn't like this Moving Picture Experts Group 4 Part 14.
I just call it _yiff_ . If it's not good for anything else than to break people's mind when they find out what it is.
Wow, this video changed my mind! I used to say *GIF* everytime before!
Hold up, in what context is 70/30 *not* a landslide?
In languages, where "g" is never pronounced like "j", gif wins by a landslide. I am aware that gif is english tho...
git commit -a -m “it’s pronounced with a hard g because it’s a computer format and git rules the world” && git push
Does it matter? Everyone uses webm nowadays.
My language, as well as the language that I learned in school, always pronounce G the "guh" / "hard ɡ" way (my lanɡ says /ɡʱ/ , Spanish says /ɡ/ ). Because I am accustomed to that consistency in two languages I often speak, English's messiness feels unnatural to me, and I pronounce GIF with the hard G based on the consistent rules I am accustomed to.
Its gif
It's "gift" without the "t" and I'm willing to die on this hill
What about pronouncing words with extra sounds , like saying grass , but putting an "r" in the word , so it sounds like grars .  Glars instead of glass , grars instead of grass and pars instead of pass .  What i'm saying is , Southerners talk wrong ...... areet pet ?
Reupload?
I can't be the only one who says it interchangeably and doesn't even notice till I think about it.
Wait, are you saying that I should pronounce it "gif"? I've always said "gif"!
People that say jif are monsters
I pronounce it with a soft g so that it doesn’t sound like “gift”. Otherwise “I sent her a gif” can be misheard as “I sent her a gift”
And I pronounce it as "geeeef" because I'm Austrian😂
*presses pause* I will literally unsubscribe if you get this wrong. *presses play*
At the very end before Tom was cut off you could hear him whisper Gif, not Gif. That's how it's meant to be pronounced.
Does descriptivism really apply to a name that a creator bestows upon one of his creations? If I named my kid Gonathan, and said it was pronounced like "Jonathan," wouldn't people who call him "Gone-athan" be definitively wrong?
Zhif.
Funny thing is, when I speak German (my native language) I say it with a hard “G”. When I speak English I tend to use the “J” pronunciation, despite every fibre of my body not wanting to pronounce it that way, it just sounds more natural
As someone whose mother tongue has a phonetic alphabet, for the longest time I couldn't fathom someone pronouncing it JIF. Well, at least I'll never have the dilemma!
gonna start pronouncing god as "jod"
Wtf r those symbols? Pls explain
Hey Tom. Have you thought about the influence of other languages on the debate? That dichotomy between 'Gif' and 'Jif' does not exist in other languages and since Internet is an International village which might be reason why 'Gif' is winning. In Polish (as a phonetically written language) you would never pronounce it 'Jif' and Polish is a big 'chonk' of British Linguistic Pie.
Actually it’s pronounced gif
If you pronounce it "JIF" you deserve to be in prison.
Well, the romanian pronunciation for LASER is more closely to the second one :D
Tom's next video will be about the correct spelling of Jeff/Geoff.
Great Scott! 1.21 JiggaWatts!?
And halfway through the video i forgot how i used to pronounce it.
Just alternate pronunciation every time you use it problem solved
G.I.F. gang, where u at??
That video title is quite the bullet dodge
Bit of "Tomfoolery" at the end.
c'mon we know it's gif
I had to regularly apologize for the English language to my daughter when teaching her to read.
Fun fact to make everyone angry: I seem to remember someone having found out it used to be a word some centuries ago and was pronounced “yiff”
JEE EYE EFF G I F GIF
According to Old English pronounciation, shouldn't 'GIF' be pronounced 'yiff'?
English is spelled phonetically, except when it isn't. Thus is the difficulty of having a language assembled from influences from Brittonic, Proto-German, Norman French, Old Norse (both directly and through Norman), Prisian French (both directly and through Norman), Latin (both directly and through French), Greek (both directly and through Latin), Hebrew (both directly and through Greek), and Arabic (both directly and through Greek and Maltese).
Not only am I old and read gif WAY before I ever heard it spoken aloud, I would say that even today, 99% of the time I still only come across it in text. Living where I live, I get to hear a lot of people pronounce words differently than I do. If someone ever attempts to correct your pronunciation of a word, it means that they did indeed understand what you said when you said it your way, meaning that communication has been achieved, therefore, it doesn’t matter. So relax about it.
“JIFE” is my preference after watching Mike Rugnetta...
I always thought it was "get" and not "git".
Seriously though... arguing about how words shoould be pronounced?  Some people need to jet a life.
Lmao this is so freaking weird. I was just wondering this today but figured it was outdated so didn’t ask.
When half the "English-speaking" world is illiterate in English, descriptivism is just codifying all the misunderstandings and incorrect usages.
Good old Jin and Juice
We all know it's pronounced *yiff*
I used to pronounce it as jif till this video. I thought the G stood for generic not graphics. It's pronounced gif, the way the G is pronounced in the word is how it should be pronounced in the acronym. The inventor is wrong, end of story.
But what about the Giff? Is their name pronounced Giff or Giff?
People that say jif just think they're being quirky
I love the title :)
So, if everyone in the world will pronounce wrongly my name, aven if i SPECIFICALLY stated how it must be pronounced, i have to give up?? No, dear sir.. this is not how it works..
Do we really want to jive it to the Furries and call it "yiff"? I dare say not!
turns out it's pronounced "yif"
When you here someone pronounce gif as jif every day we stray further from jod
I've always gone with the 'G', because of 'Graphics', but also because there were already 2 products in England called 'Jif' (even though the cleaning product changed to 'Cif').
if you want to call it JIF then you should do the extra mile and pronounce all the letters like Gee Aye eff
The inventor is wrong
The ‘jif’ pronunciation would be more plausible if it wasn’t for the cleaning product...
Well today I learned that LASER is an acronym
I think when we give things proper names, equivalating them to a noun, we want a hard syllable at the beginning of the word.  Hence Jif vs Gi(f)t.
Am I the one that still to this day pronounces it both ways?
Or, alternatively, English isn't your native language and you always knew it as gif (hard g) simply because every g is hard in your language.  And soft g would look like this: džif.
In Dutch it certainly is a hard Gif. We love our hard G and we still use Jif to clean the kitchen sink although the manufacturer changed the name to Cif years ago 😉
I seriously thought it was gif
This comment by u/ZellZoy is the best I've ever seen on this topic:  God himself could come down from heaven and tell me it's pronounced "jif" and I'd just say "sure thing, whatever you say Jod" and then walk backwards into hell.
As far as I know /gɪf/ is the clear winner in The Netherlands. I didn't even know there was a debate on the pronunciation until a few years ago. Is expect that to be mainly caused by the fact that there is a Dutch word "gif" that means poison. This is pronounced either as /ɣɪf/ (Dutch/Flemish soft G) or /χɪf/ (Dutch hard G). Either one of those is closer to /gɪf/ than to /dʒɪf/ making one of the options more obvious than the other.
GIF GANG. (Dutch G)
The linguistic bus hit him again.
Please watch Living Waters on YouTube
You're both sides entirely out; it's pronounced yif.
In Turkish every letter always sounds the same. Except a few exceptions. I've never understood why English pronunciation is so weird. If you haven't heard it before there is a little chance that you will pronounce it correct.
Is it bass or bass?
Look it's Jif
I just feel like pronouncing the G as a J seems wrong. But that might be biased of me since I come from the Netherlands where that is not a way to use the G
In my dialect its jif like the peanut butter
If I go to the Oxford 5000 list of the most important words you should learn as a student of English, "gi" appears in 28 of them. In 27, they are pronounced with a soft g, and in only 1 (gig), it is pronounced with a hard g. But if the inventor says it is pronounced the same way as the Australian kitchen cleaner, American peanut butter, and British lemon juice; then as far as I'm concerned, that settles the matter.
Nicely done -jraphics- graphics
the guy who created calls is Jif, end of story.
TIL that laser is an acronym.
Sorry, it's always been peanut butter...
My friends who dress up in animal costumes pronounce is as “yif”
GIF
“The correct answer is of course my co-author Gretchen McCulloch”
alright i’m calling it dif from now on
gif not jif and that's a fact.
I used to pronounce it gif but now I'm going to pronounce it gif instead.
Odin is with us!
I say gif just so I wouldn’t get it confused with peanut butter.
Jif
I saw some articles or something that says it's mentioned as yiff.
What if God came back and said its pronounced "jod" and left
i pronounce it as C-eee-f
Thank you!
I like gif with a hard G so I don’t get confused with the peanut butter Jif
In Swedish, no "G-" word is pronounced with a "J" sound anyways so "GIFF" it is here ;)
Who cares?  It's a crap file format anyway.
Well, I mean, there isn’t a filetype known as a .jif, is there? Heh, I’m one to talk. I’ve always said “JIFF”.
That ending was awesome!  I've always pronounced it with a hard g, as did everyone around me.
Look, just cause the creator is stupid when it comes to English, it doesn't mean its jiff, its gif. As in gift.
Well now I understand why I started out as a "JIF"fer as someone who grew up near Jillingham serving a lot of jin (although I'm not old enough to have served it in jills)
Bro its gif. End of the debate
The correct pronunciation is obviously "PNG".
Nah its pronounced webm
Here's the end of story: If you want to tell someone how you pronounce it over text, gif is spelled as gif, but jif is spelled as jif. How can you argue that it's the correct pronunciation if in order to tell someone what you're talking about you have to spell it differently? Saying "it's jif, not gif" is hilarious, because you're literally contradicting yourself. If you need to spell it wrong in order for people to understand how it's supposed to be pronounced, maybe that's just a different word.
im german jif was never an option
i think because jif exists, gif as its spelt is the only logical option to keep the two separate?
It's GIF with a hard G. Full stop. (And I pronounce Tom Scott as Gom Gott)
No it’s actually gif
Wrong, it's actually pronounced Yif
_Who disliked this?_
GIF:- Greatest integer function
The letter 'G' itself is pronounced with the sound 'Jee' not 'Gee', so, for me it's been Jif, not gif.
In Italian we pronounce it "jif" because the letter g and i when together must be pronounced "jee"
GIF
I flip-flop my opinion the right way to pronounce GIF just to annoy people.
Hey Tom, Have you considered collaborating with CGS Grey?
It's pronounced gif, not gif
The simple robust solution is to convert dictionaries for all languages to the Esperanto alphabet and spelling rules(one letter=one sound, one sound=one letter, no digraphs or doubled letters) This solves uncertainty in pronunciation and allows for those wishing to learn another language to focus on the grammar unencumbered by a new set of symbols and spelling rules. It does not have a particularly strong or immediate effect on any spoken language or grammar thus being an easy adaption. There will be some issue with homophones, but this is readily resolved with context(as it already is in spoken language) or with use of Esperanto rules for distinguishing different types and categories of words.(applied only where needed)
Jif is a peanut butter brand, not a file type
Okay, Yiff.
Zhaif for life
Yif
It’s GIF
People who speak different languages will naturally pronounce it differently. There's no such thing as a soft G in Norway, so it's pronounced GIF with a hard G, and it can't be pronounced othewise.
I’m personally in the “pronounced yif” camp
And for Dutch people it's GGGGGif
I seriously dislike descriptivism. it allows silly 'urban speech' to evolve to a point where nobody normal  can understand it
Hello Tom
tom scott best waifu
I'm not a native English speaker but GIF, not JIF, came naturally. The creator is wrong
hard g gif people be like: jymnasium
Today I learned that laser and scuba are acronyms. huh.
And I always use to call it "gee-aii-eff"...
I recommend using the Limburgish soft G.
Hey omg, I came back from the future and I want to tell you all that this video started ww3. The germans and the Russians sided with eachother against the British and Americans... Spanish and Mexico have their own theories and created the GIF-padrès aliance and started a war with China who had the YIF pronouciation aliance with the rest of the far east! We have to come to a mutral agreement before it kicks off December 24th 00:00 gmt
There is an argument that it is pronounced yiff. There is only one word group in English that STARTS with gif. Gift. So gift without the t makes most sense. Yet the creator is a prescriptivist so I hate him.
When I was young I was an instinctive "jiffer" - I was mercilessly mocked by a classmate at the time, and now I say "gif". How cool I'd have looked now if I'd stuck to my juns.
it's ghif
there is only one Jif and you spread it on toast
OK, but you can't..just *can't*...have a "debate" about GIF (and it's "jif") without at least pointing out the entire reason it's pronounced like "jif": so that the tag line would be "choosy programmers chose GIF" (read "jif"). If that doesn't make any sense to you then you weren't an adult in America in the late 1980's-early 1990's when GIF was being developed.
G as in Gif not G as in giblets.
ZHAIF
It's pronounced yiff.
"Ignorance is more powerful than truth, because ignorance has no limits" says Mr. Giraffe.
Why does Tom always record in an echoey room?
C'mon, guys, we all know the true enemy here are the people who say G.I.F.
just switch to german where every g is pronounced the same
I've been pronouncing it JIF ever since Compuserve introduced this image format.
Tom, you should make a video with Gretchen one of these days
This format has so much to gif!
I just say G I F 😂😂
soft g. end of story
Tom could talk about unclogging a toilet and it would still be entertaining af
For me it is GIF. I live in Czech Republic and we only pronounce G as G (as in give) and so it just stuck with me and it is the pronounciation that I use to this day.
Cheeky jit
I've been on camp jif for a while. Gigabyte can be pronounced the same way as well. And of course 1.21 Gigawatts ;)
"The correct answer is of course... "
Thanks for subtitling your videos, even when it's likely a difficult job like this! It makes it way, WAY easier to understand, coming from someone who needs subtitles :)
I use both pronunciations interchangeably so I don’t even know which one I say more.
I like the idea of saying JPheg
Spoken like a true English speaker with their utter disrespect of other peoples by denying them THEIR language and mangling their words. "Jaguar" is one case out of many in point. Sorry, but Brits don't just get to say, "Have you got a flag?" and take possession. Admonition on point: Give back the "Elgin Marbles" your ancestors stole.
it's clearly gif like gift, cause every animated image is a gift
It's actually pronounced Geef
aluminium?
Ah, the return of the Linguistic Mafia at the end there.
In conclusion, latin words are drunk
Haha, Steve. Your word belongs to us now.
For me as a Dutchman the answer is clear. The ‘g’ in Dutch is always pronounced as a hard ‘g’ (nobody mention the south of the country, please). ‘Gif’ is an existing Dutch word, by the way. It means ‘poison’…
its gif trust me
They shoul start WW3 to decide which way is the real pronunciation
I often just use both, dk why
how could someone be so brave
Dude, how to you make this seem like a legitimate argument??
The G in GIF and JPEG should be pronounced the same. That’s why I say “Jay-Pedge”
You completely neglected to mention the rule for hard or soft g.
How about we change it to ghif.
I've been saying it for years: There's four ways to say "pecan" and no one cares. But there are two ways to say "gif" and everyone gets angry.
i avoid saying ~jif~ because it makes me think of .jif file, so ~gif~ seems natural in my case.
ڨيف vs جيف
It's Yiff, end of discussion
Jif gang Jif gang
Your title is genius! It's "right" in our head either way!
But is it dune? Or dune?
Next up: scone or scone?
I'm just curious, how do people pronounce RAR (compressed files)? I say Rar like Car but I've heard people say Rare..
People aren’t just taking into consideration the “gi” though, they’re taking into consideration the “gif” aka the word as a whole. So their brain will gravitate towards what’s most like “gif” what has “gif” sounds. The most common word one would think of? “Gift”, the brain then decides the pronunciation of “gif” would be like a clipping of “gift.” Ergo you get “gif”
Its Jif fight me
Says the guy who also pronounces it “los Angeleez”
Fun fact: in french , -gi is by default pronounced /ji/, you would need to write -gui to get a /gi/. But even if "GIF" in more often pronounced /jif/, there is still a debate about it.
I only hear Yanny.
why are people so stupid? just ask google translate
The G in GIF is the same as the G in Regex.
Isn't the j-sound the default sound and the g-sound the exception in this case? Words such as give and get are only pronounced with a hard g because gave and got are pronounced that way.
Isn't the creator also French, a language that notoriously overuses the soft G (J sound)?
Choosy Toms choose Gif
Why would this even be an argument?
Proper nouns have a correct pronunciation.  Whether you yourself pronounce it correctly is out of respect.
Wait, Laser is an acronym ?!
It’s pronounced yif guys
I feel like that slide gives away the killer argument in my head. Anyone who pronounces it as jif spells it as jif when they're trying to enforce that pronunciation in your head, but when saying "it's jif not ghif", they spell the latter pronunciation as just gif. Like a silent admission that it's the more obvious way to pronounce it. I've yet to see anyone argue for or against the hard g pronunciation while enforcing the hard g reading using 'gh' . Ghoul, ghost, ghast, ghetto, ghibli. There's no point arguing for or against either pronunciation, but that's my observation on the topic.
I don't pronounce it jif because that's the brand of peanut butter we use
Why did you look at just words starting with gi?  Look at all words starting with g imo?  Like God or good or gaff etc.
Now explain "Nuclear = Noo-kyoo-l'r"
We should call it a Geoff.
Haha quite good Swedish pronunciation of laser ;p
And then we have of course people from other countries, with different languages. So let me offer a third option, the Dutch way. If your throat does not hurt after you said "gif" (which by the way means poison), you're pronouncing it incorrectly. Well, maybe that will not catch on at this moment either…
There is no correct answer. Language is in a constant process and correct is whoever speaks it. ☮️✌️🕊🌈
The g is pronounced like the g in garage.
This is why I say jif because the only argument for either side that cannot be disproven is what the creator said.
Here's the answers: 1.: Not soup. 2.: Not a sandwich. 3.: blue and gold. 4.: it's "GIF" not "gif". with a "g".
G.I.F.
It’s gif not jif
I hear the most disagreement about the pronunciation of the word "scone". Does it rhyme with "cone" or "gone"? And why does nobody think it rhymes with "done"?
The virgin gif, the chad jif
The fact that the wrong pronunciation must be written as "d3if" in phonetics wheras the correct pronunciation is spelled "gif" in phonetics speaks for itself.
Who cares???
Anyone else still holding out for zhaif?
Its GIF because we read as Gift less the T ,
THEN SPELL IT JIF.  Americans pronounce everything wrong anyways.
Due to how linguistics evolves, Tom could have decided what the pronunciation was just by endorsing one if the video blew up or became the #1 result when you search for the term
I am here at the giant sheet of paper
G-I-F
“The guy or the juy..?”
People walk around dropping hard Gs, its so gross
Thank you
Thank you for trying to help settle this.
I've been saying it for years now!  It's gif NOT gif.
Goddamnit, Tom, this year's bad enough already! Did you really have to rekindle this age-old feud?
SCUBA'S AN ACRONYM EVERYONE, WHAT THE CHUFF
Jif is a cleaning product
This is funny because I definitely natively said Gif until until I heard enough people around me saying Jif and now it feels weird BOTH ways
i used to say jif but then i got peer pressured into saying gif with a hard g
Language is in the end what we decide it is.
Fantastic video yet again, but, jesus christ... what a complete non-issue
You don't own the pronunciation even if you invent the word. The names Hermione and Voldemort, invented by JK Rowling, were supposed to be pronounced as 'Her-my-oh-knee' and 'Voldemor' respectively but the readers settled on a different pronunciation which is now mainstream.
Tsk.  The "v" is silent!
This is why english is easy to learn and understand, but stupid to pronounce alphabetically  But hey, it's english
I raise you the elusive third pronounciation: "hif" (if you're a Spanish speaking person) 😅
does anybody know how to open the add translation on this one? i want to show it to my poor-english friends
I think it has to do with etymology of the words. Generations is a j sound and gens in French means people hash that dzh sound. So it’s the front of the tongue
Zhaif for life!
As much as people endorse descriptivism, I don't think many people are truly through and through descriptivists in a particular very strong sense of the term (though maybe the sense I'm talking about isn't one that anyone actually means and I'm just misinterpreting how people sometimes describe descriptivism?). Almost everyone has some preferences about how people use different words, especially when it comes to politics (I could give an example, but by the nature of political/partisan disagreements, it would be contentious, and while I could describe it in a neutral manner, I don't trust the comment section to not make the political disagreement the topic, so I will not give the example). Now, in the weaker sense of "doesn't claim that there is an  *objectively correct* use of a term/word", sure, there may be many "descriptivists", but I think most people, or at least most people who are very online, have at least one strong opinion about how they prefer some word to be used.  And that's my justification for "Yes, I *still* prefer that people not use the word 'literally' as emphasis. And I'm not some backwards prescriptivist for having that preference. It is a preference, not a belief. And if I slip up and do so on accident, please call me out in it."
it pronounced *G.I.F*
in my language it's G. I. F, because you cannot shorten words to another word. so say it letter by letter
I'm glad we don't have that problem in Poland with our ultra-phonetic language.
its pronounced jif. End of story.
Why is nobody mentioning "Jif" the peanut butter?
The creator of wiki technology intended it to rhyme with tiki, like "weekee" not "wicky"
In German soft "g" ("j"") are reeeaaally rare. So, the case is clear over here.
TIL that scuba is an acronym
Laser isn't pronounces "Lasser" because it would take two letters s to make that sound according to English Phonics rules. Similarly, SCUBA would need two letters b to be pronounced "Scubba". I say GIF is pronounced with a hard G because it's most like the word "gift", but others are welcome to pronounce it however they like, I still know what they mean. 😅
The reason at the end will be my justification for going back and pronouncing it how I originally pronounced it. My brain already did the math once. 'JIF'
its /dʒif/ and no one can change my mind
so it will forever be a war between the people who pronounce it gif and those that pronounce it gif; that's jiffy ... giffy?
How about [xɪf]?
I love Spanish! this kind of problem is unheard of
GIF should definitely be pronounced with a hard G, because: 1. I am not a native English speaker and that is how I would pronounce it. 2. JIF stands for JPEG Interchange Format, and would be easily confused with GIF. 3. Ai wud sötönli priför a fönetik Inglish.
It's pronounced with a soft g and no one will ever convince me otherwise
Gif
I think the creator should be able to give the pronunciation. Imagine if you called your son Jim but everyone else called him Gim and told you that just because you are his parent does not mean that you are the one to give the pronounciation
GIF is in a superposition, got it.
Thanks Tom, I always knew the correct pronunciation was * beep *, but my stupid friends kept arguing I was wrong.
i interchange them both depending on the context
So you say it's gif
2:32 truth revealed...
It was Called Jif until the inventor met Obama, who said Gif, which means I’ll forever say Jif.
Tom, this reminds me of my PhD thesis some 25 years ago where I managed to covert phonemes to graphemes using HMM in 7 languages (OK, by now I guess it is only you and me here). It would be interested to see what my models would pronounce :)
English pronunciation -  it's just a mess.
You're wrong.
Its pronounced the same way that graphics card is pronounced. The g is hard and right, and the author of the term is wrong. You don't have to like it, but I spoke my truth.
It's actually pronounced VIF
This is why I hate english.
Gift -t. Maybe this should of been a poll?
It's always been (hard G) GIF in my 25 year experience of the format. It's only in the last 12 months (probably even less) that I've come across the soft pronounciation.
"It's pronounced JIF not GIF" That line is just plain stupid.
Screw Jif or Gif all about that Hif Gang
In the GIF pronunciation debate Gillian Jacobs has the most important opinion, and Gillian Anderson's opinion is the least important.
Guys, it's pronounced yif
Just pronounce it geef
I just call them Graphics Interchange Format. "Can you send me that Graphics Interchange Format of that cat?"
Yes! Let's call it JFEG xD
sounds to me like a green needle brainstorm
Why does it matter?
Definitely Gif
It's gyf
Oh he's left us at a cliffhanger. Does that mean we're getting a part two of this?
In my opinion, because gif is short for G.I.F., and since G is pronounced "jee," I think it makes more sense that instead of saying "jee aye eff" it was just shortened to "jif" for simplicity's sake.
Team Gif, hard g. jif should be banned. jifs don't have friends.
>70% >not a landslide Sure.  The creator is a tool btw
Its a hard g. We don’t have jraphics.
To me it will always be ʒaɪf
If I said jif it would take me longer to say. Because I would have to say "jif - not the cleaning fluid, and not the peanut butter. The moving image." If I say gif, there is nothing competing with it. That is a gift.
I’ve noticed that Gif with a hard “g” is only pronounced by people who either didn’t grow up in the 90’s or weren’t old enough to work with computers in the 90’s. We 90’s computer geeks learned and have always used the “jif” pronunciation.
In spanish, it should be GIF but the G sounds like a roaring lion, however it's pronounced like English GIF
I started off pronouncing it with the hard g (due to reading it, not hearing it), and the other pronunciation even occurred to me. Then, several years later, I finally heard the soft g version, decided I liked it better, and switched. Turns out you can just pick!
Guys, it’s obviously pronounced gif.
I've been pushing YIF for years now. Hasn't quite caught on...
It's pronounced /ʤiːaɪef/ and it's spelled ⟨WebP⟩.
I've been pronouncing it as Jif, they laugh at me. Fools
It's gzif not gif. I don't want another gift sounds word. That's just confusing. We already have 'give' and then 'gift' and you tell me you want to add another GIF word? Forget about it. English is already a stupid language. Don't make it more stupid.
I didn't know that scuba was an acronym
i say gjif to avoid confusion
i read the title and was shocked that you came down on a particular side of this debate before realising that was just my brain reading the word
Oh, thy English, you always confuse me
English is a language of convention. French is a regulated language (by some old codgers at l'académie de la langue  française in Paris.)  not all languages allow a majority of people to decide how words are pronounced and used. Though, i do prefer the English system. It used to drive my old French teachers raving mad.
Choosy perverts choose .gif
zhaif 4 life!
If God comes up to me and says its pronounced "jif", I'll say "ok jod" to his face.
Is there no one pronouncing it as G.I.F?👀
not g i f ? :(
Tom Scott is dead no more things you might not have known
I have day jar view.
Why is this still a debate? The guy who invented the word says how to say it, why are we fighting him?
For an innocuous preference in pronunciation, there are far too many heated arguments about the "correct" way to say GIF.
Actually it is pronounced Yiff. don't @ me
jif just sounds lame imagine creating something as wanting it to sound lame. Screw that guy
Everybody shut up. It's G-I-F.
It’s Graphic Image File, not Giraffe-ic Image File. Therefore, it’s Gif not Jif.  Edit: oh you said that about a minute into the video
The only way out is to pronounce it according to Spanish pronunciation rules.
I usually pronounce it yiff just to see people's reactions
I say [gɪf], not because I read it and made a guess which locked inside my brain, but because [gɪf] is what people actually say.
Choosy moms choose gif     (let’s see who’s old enough to get that one 🤣...)
Some pronounced it gif and jif, while I pronounce it as G I F.
In Slovenia laser is pronounced like the second pronounciation Tom did
My argument for it is when you say the letters it’s dot G I F if you say that faster and faster it morphs into jif
For some reason, when in lower case I read as 'jif', and when capitalised I read as 'GIF' ??
Imagine god coming down to earth one day just saying "it's pronounced JOD"
There was once a time (most of the 90s) when it was only pronounced "jiff". If you said "gyff", you were either misunderstood or laughed at for not knowing how to pronounce it right. At this point, both pronunciations are recognized and understood so it doesn't really matter, but I do think that most of the people that feel passionately about it being pronounced "jiff" do so because they've been using the format since it's inception and remember that time. I don't really care, but there's still that bit in my head that immediately reacts in a "heh, noob" sort of way when I hear it pronounced "gyff".
I hate English.
thumbnail: gif or d3if
I'm of the /jif/ camp personally. __How__ I came to that conclusion I don't remember, but I've always said it that way.
0:32 As you say, a principle of linguistics is descriptivism. But "There should be no value judgement..."? This is too sweeping. That principle, as applied to _language_, applies only in the context of _linguistics_. Linguists may, if they choose, stick to describing past usage and not state judgements about it, but that doesn't stop me or anyone else from saying that a particular usage is right or wrong. Or misleading, or absurd, or any other criticism. 1:35 Get out, "gaffer". G can't possibly be soft before "a". 1:51 But doesn't "gift" derive from "give"?
Surely it’s closest to the word ‘gift’ so hard G
American is a very "surprising" language. Why is w double u and not double v?
Bruh I thought this was like 6 years old before I watched it
I say ʤif because my tongue usually rests toward the front of my mouth meaning there is less travel of the tongue, and you have to move more muscles to produce gif from the back of your tongue/throat... ohand ʤif just sounds better... and graphic is no longer in the part of the acronym form, GIF makes itself a new word with a new pronunciation.
2:37 the words are on the wrong side for your gestures.
I read the title correctly. Did you?
I am the only one who calls it g.i.f?
Thanks for uploading today.
One thing for sure.. we all know how "Tom Scott" is pronounced 💪
I say "JIF" just to provoke people.
"Beware of geeks baring GIFs" sounds better than "beware of geeks baring JIFs".
Love it
I hate to say you're wrong, Tom...
This is a problem we wouldn’t have if gifs just stayed in the nineties where they belong.
I wonder if that "gift" is the most similar word has an effect. While gin and git are both very similar, gift actually contains "gif" and so, to me, seems like the most obvious comparison. I'm no expert though and clearly other people make a different connection.
I always read it as G.I.F
The right pronunciation is gif and I will not hear another word about it.
its gif
Definitely pronounced *insert falling noise here*
Really disappointed this wasn't on the 2020 ballot.
G-I-F, take that giffers and jiffers
It's pronounced yiff
just say the letters individually, no one can say that's wrong
no
JIF, Jif and Jif the peanut butter, lemon juice and cleaning product were the J sound so GIF got a G sound at the start, the former was already overused.
I'm not so sure there isn't a northener or two who pronounces scuba like Tom said nobody does...
Wasn’t this a video years ago? I swear I’ve seen this before. This isn’t dejavú is it?
ITS GIF
I have been saying Jee Ai Eff and that's how I always read it
English-speakers: ugh... is it /gif/ or /jif/ Ukrainians: 'HIFKA'
The big thing missed here is that GIF isn't really an exclusively English word. It's not like it's the kind of word you learn in an English class so the pronounciation is going to be very influenced by what native speakers of other languages intuit the English pronounciation of it should be.
my name is jif
It's pronounced with a hard G, because the majority of the world speaks languages other than English, and G is not necessarily a homophone of J in those instances (except some Romance languages). It also does not necessarily have to be pronounced with a hard G as in _gear,_ because some languages have absolutely inconceivable ways of pronouncing the vowel that the letter G is meant to represent. It is also pronounced with a _jelly_ G, because... who says it isn't? Or rather than _says,_ who does _enforce it?_ And _how_ do they enforce it?   Who is the sole enforcer of linguistic rules? Is this question even relevant? Or is it proof that there can indeed be stupid questions?
I like this topic becouse I am spanish, and we have a similar problem with the same word: In spinish, should it be pronounced "GIF" or "HIF"? (never "JIF")
It's dot-gee-eye-eff
Pray to Jod!
/gif/ is actually pronounced porn
It's got to be Gif, right?
The simplest answer for me is that jiff is another file format so it makes more sense to use the hard g to avoid confusion
So you can't count Gifted, you can count logic? Isn't that lo and gic?
Are you sure your co-author's name isn't pronounced 'Jretchen'?
english: "wind" is pronounced different from "re/wind/" also english: "finite" is pronounced differently from "in/finite/" me: 👁️👄👁️
Why not look for total G, I, F combined ? In the video only G and I combination is searched for words.
zhaif 4 lyfe
I am Pole and hard g is the one that my mind picked
It has to be JIF to disambiguate between the other file format that was developed at about the same time: JIF (JPEG Interchange Format); it's not as popular but speaking "JIF" should only refer to one format.
The real question is how do you pronounce d3?
what about the germanic G? third option!
Good thing about being german is that nobody here argues about how a letter is pronounced, because we're all taught that in school.
.gif is pronounced with a hard g. because to me, jif (Jiff) means peanut butter
I have been tired of hearing this argument for a really long time, so for the last few years i have pronounced it yif in protest.
trust me its pronounced gif not gif
Giraffes don't exist
In addition to that, the Internet is international, and there are probably more languages that pronounce it like "GIF" not "JIF", because it's after all a g sound, not a dzch-sound, or however you would type that without the phonetic alphabet.
The G in GIF stands for Graphics and GIF is different to all of those other examples you gave because the letter in question is at the beginning of the word and not in the middle. I will die on this hill.
Like nife with a hard k, knife. Same with knight.
dzif team here
i think its a carrot
It's actually pronounced Gyfe
There's never been a debate.  If your mom names you Tom and someone else decides to pronounce that as Tomb, you would correct them, because they are wrong.  The creator says it has a soft G.  That's the end of it.  Learning something wrong and refusing to say it correctly is a sign of ignorance, not victory.
1:04 its "jives" not "gives"
I’m 13 and I read GIF before hearing it
its hard g cause more ppl already say it
Obviously there can only be one correct pronunciation:  Zhaif.
The correct one is jif, dont care what anybody says   That's not to say gif is incorrect, just a different way of pronouncing, but it's not the "correct" pronunciation
Yiff in hell
YOO  ITS PRONOUNCED GIF!!
The correct answer is gif because it sounds better than jif
It's pronounced [GHIF] because [JIF] is another format.
I call GIFs GIFs, but I call Giffy Giffy
A point you didn't consider: GIF, being an acronym, isn't only an English word anymore.  It doesn't have its own word in other languages. When most people see it they will assume it's "gif" rather than "jif" because g's aren't pronounced as "j" in many languages other than English.
Did the inventor literally say GIF is pronounced JIF and not GIF?? let me repeat....GIF is not pronounced GIF.
It's gif cause jif cleans my sink
It's Gif is because Jif is what Cif (the cleaning product) used to be called and already has a dictionary meaning as short for "jiffy" as in "I'll see you in a jif"
Deep
It's unfortunate to see that 30% of people surveyed need to be burnt at the stake.
Saying it with the hard g is really for me to use since it ends up sounding like Gift. So I use the other pronunciation just so people have some idea of what I'm saying.
In spanish we pronounce it as /gif/ even though we pronounce g before i as /xif/
I always pronounces it Gee Eye Eff
It's pronounced as a yiff. If don't know why, search Google for "On the derivation of YOGH and EZH", and then search the page for "gif".
I think it should be pronounced JEE EYE EF
I always defaulted to soft "g" because I was taught that "i" makes "g" soft.
How about you just pronounce it both ways and change them in every other sentence?
Peanut Butter...
I tend to think about the pronunciation as being like the peanut butter Jif.
I actually have no idea how I pronounced it if I think about it I get self conscious (like manual breathing), I stutter on it and can't decide between the two. I know historically that I have used "jif" more often, but I am not sur for now.
Its simple 'g' stands for 'graphics' not 'jraphics' ... end of story really.
jod
"It's pronounced 'Jif' not 'Gif'" is the biggest facepalm inducing quote I've seen in awhile.
so 1980s.  The real question is PiNG or P-N-G
It's Gif, of course. Jiff is some word furries use, I believe.
It's clearly pronounced JYFE.
All I'm gonna say is that both .JIF and .JIFF are already file types, and they refer to the JPEG Interchange Format which is a different interchange format than a .GIF entirely.
My thesis was about jraffic manipulation.
I normally say GIF with a hard g because Jif is a brand of peanut butter and jiff is an expression for a short amount of time (e.g. “be back in a jiff”) so pronouncing GIF with a soft g would be confusing to me. However, it wouldn’t be that difficult to separate the meanings given context and there are plenty of words (like gift) that sound similar to GIF with a hard g, so I can understand either one.
"Jraphics Interchange Format?" No.
I pronounce it gif  Oh wait 🤔
As a dutch person, gif is the word for poison, and pronounced with a soft g that doesn't exist in english, so I assumed it was pronounced that way
No mention of how Old English would have us pronounce it as "yiff?"
So there, that settles that.
This reminds me of that old audio file, "Hello, this is Linus Torvalds, and I pronounce 'Linux' as 'Linux'".
The "g" in GIF is pronounced like the "g" in "garage".
I use a hard G for the joke potential, soft g just reminds me of peanut butter and if I wanted a peanut butter joke I would talk about Jiff. Other than that, no preference
Unless you are very young...
JEFF
Definitely GIF
English writing is dumb, could use a standardization
What about languages other than English?
I don't pronounce it GIF or GIF, I pronounce it like "gif", the Dutch word for "poison"
and then the lord and saviour returns and says "it's pronounced Jod"
What about pronouncing each letter independently? G I F
gif just sounds so awkward, it sounds like a half word. jif is smooth, and probably easier to say idk.
Have you done a video on the Oxford Comma yet?
I read GIF before I heard it... but I read it in a textbook which was explaining the creator's reference to the Jif peanut butter.
Definitely zhaif ;)
I used to say GIF with a hard G and then heard the author say it's JIF and I respect the author's pronunciation. Now I pronounce it JIF and consider it the correct pronunciation.
I wonder if the popular peanut butter brand "Jif" kept people from associating GIF with the JIF pronunciation.
Гифки
J I F F
Its actually YIF
IMO the only wrong answer is getting bothered by how other people pronounce it. Prescriptive linguistics is a losing game.
The dress is GIF.
Was it necessary to call them "jiffers"?
I think it's pronounced gif
The real problem, English spelling not deciding to spell the "J" sound using just one letter
My takeaway from this is that if you want to write out the hard G pronunciation, you should at least differentiate it, like jif and giff
I pronounce it Jeffrey
How do you mispronounce an acronym?
Best solution: use another file format
A little bit off topic but does anyone know the font Tom is using? I like the minimalistic style
its G I F letter by letter if u say otherwise ur wrong
"JAYPEG" shouldn't it be pronounced "j'peg"? no. It should be JAY PEE GEE just like it was for YEARS before windows escaped the three letter file extension limit. That and a 'J' next to a 'P' would not make that sound. Why bother even adding the E back in after the fact. People just love saying "PEG" for some reason.
yiff
Gif
most useful degree ever
After my "split second of checking all the other comparable words I know and not coming to a conclusion that way", I picked /ɡ/ because that distinguishes it from another image file format called JIF... which seems not to matter now because JIF has gone the way of TIF.
Thanks Tom.
As a native Dutch speaker, it is Gif with a very strong G.. kind of like you clear your throat before you get to the 'i' ;)
Actually, if anyone argues about the pronunciation of the word, I will insist that due to it being based on some old english, it is actually pronounced Yiff!
The correct answer is GIF. End of story.
its pronounced ZHAIF
its GIF, gif, g i f
1:25 Slavic languages: are you sure about that?
Top ten videos I wish I had never seen  Number 1:
I pronounce GIF like “Gee I Ef”
that's nothing, i still pronounce it Hermione.
Gyf Gyph Ghief Gniff
I've always said that it's however you want to pronounce it. I pronounce it with a soft g because it's always come natural to me. I don't judge people that say it with a hard g, and hopefully they don't judge me for using a soft g.
I prefer to take the King Solomon approach: "The good news: we have a solid confirmation on how Gif is supposed to be pronounced. The bad news, the Old English word gif- 'if' is pronounced 'yiff.'"
I'd rather use TIFF
I can’t believe there are still people who say gif instead gif. Who in their right mind would look at the word “gif” and say gif instead of gif.  This post was made by the gif team.
Yiff. It's pronounced yiff. With a p.
Honestly, it’s gif!
In the netherlands there borg soft g
Pronounce it yiff and make everyone miserable.
If you ask me to send you a jif, and not a gif, you'll be getting a static .jiff file.
That's why I've always pronounced GIF
The whole time I've been pronouncing it as   *"Jee ai ef"*
Let's be honest here, no one saw "gif" and thought "oh, it's pronounced jif".  What really happened is that Steve Wilhite is a contrarian and decided to ignore the obvious pronunciation (as evidenced by 0:26), and then a bunch of people that enjoy seeming smart went around saying "ummm axshually the creator said it's pronounced jif".
Descriptivism is a value of linguistics -- it's a value of the scientific study of language. That does not mean that there is something wrong with being a prescriptivist, as I am. Words have meetings, and we should agree on them, standardize them, and enforce that standardization. We can be interested in linguistics, and also think prescriptivism is a better model for language use.
Cool fact: Spanish grammar/vocabulary is not descriptive, we have a "royal academy of the language" that constantly monitors the varieties of the language spoken in the world and periodically publishes a dictionary with accepted words, grammar and pronunciation, pushing aside "corruptions" of the language. Believe it or not a few years ago we suffered a change in name of "B" and "V". My country lost in that one (it seem we used a wrong name for the letters) and I still can't get used to the new names.
Here’s a Jift, it’s a Jif of you.
Thank Jod for that! Gesus, that has really been debated to oblivion by now.  ;)
Actually, it's PNG
In Dutch, "gif" is already a word (poison) and the g is pronounced like it usually is in Dutch. A nice compromise solution for the English speaking world, perhaps?
This is rlly subtle
this reminds me of the scone vs scon debate, which is equally as stupid.  ice cream *CONE* traffic *CONES* bake me a *SCONE!*
This is stupid. The correct pronunciation is obviously "gif"
I've heard that the word "data" was pronounced for the longest time as "dah-ta" until Patrick Stuart single handedly changed the popular pronunciation to "day-ta"
When I see GIF, the next thing I think of is GIFT. Like a present. Also my native tongue only accepts one sound per letter, the dji sound is already given o C  Ceyhan > "djey-hun"
Just wanted to point out 2:32
I always says each letter
In french we prononciate 'djif' because that's how french works
In addition then GIF has a live of its own in other languages than English, decoupled from the original Graphics Interchange Format full name. The 'G' in GIF would always be hard in my native language.
It’s pronounced gif not gif!
The word Graphics is pronounced how?
the funniest thing about this twitter argument is that twitter doesn't even use GIFs, they're just MP4 files.
I call it a gifgif (saying both pronunciations) when speaking, just to make everyone happy.
It's pronounced yiff.
I just rewatched the Youtube copyright video, and then this pops into my notifications
Big missed joke opportunity: Should have said "Giraffics by William Marler" in the end credits.
Language is important indeed, but ultimately, it's the people who care enough about this petty difference to shame others, that are the real losers here. Great video Tom, as always :)
"ghoti" should be pronounced the same as "fish": It has "gh" as in enouGH, "o" as in wOmen, "ti" as in naTIon
Pro-nounc-iations? Later you correctly said pronunciation.
English is my second language, so for me much more natural pronunciation  is /gif/, as you don't get /ji/ sound from letter g in my mother tongue (polish)
Geep grand Cherokee
Thought Mike Rugnetta and the Idea Channel Orchestra ruled it was _zhaif_ a few years back, no?
For most of the foreigners it's gif and not jif, because in German, Spanish, Polish and probably many other languages g is always pronounced as g and never as j.
I call it G.I.F., it's not jiff or giff as .jpg isn't pronounced japag or jepig.
In romance languages a g followed by an e or an i is almost always pronounced /j/ and I think in my head that is why I understand it to be pronounced as so. Many of English’s words go by Franco-Romantic conventions especially, where a g followed by an e or i must be followed by a u to be a hard /g/ (e.g. league, rogue, guide, guild), as with most Romance languages. Even our word for the letter g is pronounced /jif/. To me, it seems only the most basic words pronounced with a hard /g/ spelled only with a g when followed by e or i are our old Germanic words, and most newer words follow Romantic conventions. So if GIF was meant to be pronounced with a hard /g/, it would be spelled GUIF.
Jif
It's funny, when I read someone prescribing how it's pronounced, without any indication of which pronunciation they mean, I hear it as the peanut butter version, but when I read it in a neutral context I read it as the gift version
The funny thing is pre-mid-2000s, there was no real debate, it was a hard "G" like "Jif". It was only in the later 2000s where the unwashed masses got online and people started using the soft "g" sound, along with phrases like "earl" for URL, that everyone in the technology industry knew was an initialism and not an acronym. Being that there are more new people online than the original pool of people who were online in the late 90s, the new soft "g" usage took over.
Honestly i just thought “gif” bc the peanut-butter brand is pronounced “jif”
0:30 It didn't even dawn on me until Tom said "You can see the problem there."  Then I bust out laughing so loud I'm sure my coworkers think I'm insane.  Thank goodness it's everyone  else's lunch hour and there's only like 2 other people here right now.
I've been pronouncing it GIF since it was new in the public sphere.  . . . . It's peanut butter to me
Superb! It's gif, not gif,
Me, who pronounce "Gee-Ai-Eff" : Interesting
In Dutch it’s pronounced poison.
I knew it!
JIF is (or was) a cleaning product?
jif gang rise
Now I know that gif is technically more correct, I'll still say gif. But at least I understand when someone says gif instead of gif from now on :)
Excellent work by Tom and Jretchen on this one
I don’t care who says what it’s gif
A B C D E F Gif!
I had the same idea: downloaded an English word list, did some basic stemming to coalesce "gill" with "gills" etc. and categorised all the words starting with "gi-" into hard and soft G - it was an exact tie with the same number on each side. I took that as a sign the universe doesn't care about how you pronounce it.
I was right all along!
The creator must receives jifts at xmas
according to italian pronunciation rules you should have to pronounce it "jif", but I always heard italian people talking about them in italian gif with the hard g. Technically the "g" before a "i" or a "e" must be written "ghi" or "ghe" for reading them hard: gif should be written "ghif"
Look, let's go with what the inventor said.
You're all wrong, since it's an acronym it's pronounced "Gee Eye Eff"
Do you have the slightest idea of how little that narrows it down to
Jif
Ginger giraffes say gif...
Nah mate i aint gonna pronounce it d3if
I pronounce it "webm",  You don't even really see gifs anymore, people calling webms "gifs" is a far more pressing issue, I say!
Hey Fellow Brits. The Ginsters pasties, are they pronounced Ginsters or Jinsters?
GIFT now drop the T. GIF The only _correct way_ to say it is.... _ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn_
It’s GIF. With a G. End of discussion.
Its pronounced "gif" like "jeff", "joker"... or "goat"
Can you remember when Jif changed its name to Cif coz they had a similar problem!
"It's pronounced 'JIF' not 'GIF'" LMAO
Slavic languages have phonetic spelling and G is always /g/. So there.
My name is Jeff
Simple: Jif is a peanut butter not a looping moving image thing.
Since it's practically a logical tie, I think the tie should be broken by the inventor of the word.  Gif it is!
Good grief, this analysis is sheer brilliance!
It's spelled gif, not jif, so should probably be pronounced that way too :)
2:02 THEN I SAY IT'S "JIF" BECAUSE THAT WAY THAT NUMBER IS BUMPED UP TO 69 END OF DISCUSSION
Than you should have named it Jif if you want to pronounce it like that
I remember building GIFs in the time of Geocities, when you had to decide on how many colours (256 max), interlacing and trying to keep the image as small as possible. Nobody wanted to wait 30 mins for a silly animation to load.
Me, a dutchman: "GCHHCGHIFFF"
Ma name is jefff...
If 70-30 isn't a landslide, we should just throw away democracy.
In french, when a 'g' is placed before a 'i'  it is pronounced 'jif'. So it's a no-brainer in my language. However by dint of earing 'gif' in english I tend to say it like that
Its g if because of the Word Gift
So as other people point out, but I'll just repeat it differently. Since the internet is quite a globalized place, a lot of people are in favor of GIF [ɡɪf] instead of [dʒɪf] due to G not making sound [dʒ] in their native language.
If someone asks me for a gif (hard g), I'll send them a picture.  If they ask for a "jif" they're getting peanut butter.
Tom Scott: you can't really argue which pronunciation is correct because both have different validities and each speaker decides from their own frame of reference.   Comments: argues over which pronunciation is correct
It's pronounced jif
I pronounce it as GHIF  (the h is silent)
A relevant thing to note is that for other widely spoke languages such as spanish "gif" is the only one of the two that makes sense
Why are we even arguing anymore since what most people seem to think to be GIFs are just looping soundless MP4s
Most Italians pronounce it as "jif" because that's the only correct pronunciation based on Italian phonology
merry christmas here are your jifts
its gift - t, so gif.
Wait, you guys don't say lah-ser?
i pronouce the word GIF as george
Most speakers who are not from an anglophone country would pronounce it as GIF.
The gif that keeps on gifing 😁
Germans: *laughing in german*
It's pronounced Tom Shot
Jif pronouncers going to hell for calling God Jod
Didn't even know Laser was an acronym to begin with
What started as a discussion on the correct way to pronounce the acronym "GIF" has turned into a war which has consumed the resources of an entire galaxy. The remnants of the Jarm & the Gore battle it out across worlds each trying to achieve...Total Annihilation.
i'll just chance it into FIG and we wont have this problem.
In conclusion, english sucks
is it weird that I read it as ji ay eff?
Based on the acronyms the G in Gif stands for Graphic... do we say Graphic or Jraphic?
Definity gif.
One note to add on this discussion: Back in the day there was an image format called JIF (Now superseded by JPEG/JPG). I had always pronounced GIF with a hard G to differentiate between GIF and JIF, when both formats were readily in use.
here in italy you are considered a national threat if you say gif with the hard g. we use exclusively jif as pronounciation
The accidental contradiction in the "It's pronounced JIF, not GIF" slide is enough to convince me that it's a hard G.
Or you can be Dutch and say Ggggggggif (google translate ‘poison’ to Dutch and you get the idea)
Everyone who ever wrote "it is jif not gif" lost  the argument
gif will be obsolete before this debate is over
I say "JGIF" similar to how I say "Aeristh"
dodged a bullet here
TBH I've never heard anyone pronounce it with hard G outside of this "debate" so I assumed it was just a handful of linguistic pedants who did that.
Say it however you want, I say it as GIF
A viral cartoon once changed the correct pronunciation of a real dinosaur.  It's a liopleurodon charlie! a magical liopleurodon
It is international word, it is quite arogant  just to look in English dictionary.
What about instead of fighting over G and J lets just take neither and pronounce it Yif
I'm from Poland, and in Polish language *"g" is always a /ɡ/* and /dʒ/ is reserved for "dż" and sometimes "drz". And if I use /ɡɪf/, then obviously it's the correct one.
You can't bypass logic, Steve.
Its JIF
As a non-native English speaker my brain thought /gɪf/ to be the natural choice. I can see myself use it both ways, but /gɪf/ stayed stronger over the years. I'm Hungarian btw, so I maaay have a slight language based bias toward the hard /g/ sound :D Not too many /ʤ/ sounds in our language, even though we have a specific letter for it: "dzs". And yes, that is a letter in our language :D
Its pronounced Graphics Interchange Format, not Jraphics Interchange Format.
And it heavily depends on where you are from as for many other languages either the 'J' or the 'G' make more sense and roll more naturally of the tongue.  BUT - one thing is for certain: while the pronunciation of words that get artificially created can be discussed their spelling and meaning can not. "gif" is a file-extension that describes a specific way of storing picture-data. And the same is true for many other words and it is rather dangerous when political ideologues and zealots try to force a different narrative, very often with the intention to change the meaning of the written law.
wait is gib pronouced "jib" ??? This is horrible starting a new movement
Who just found out that ...  SCUBA is an acronym.... shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhiiii***
300tth comment i guess
"Only" 70%
jizz
All the fileendings i read letter for letter. Is that somehow wrong?
Gift minus t Case closed
GIF: Graphics Interchange Format 'Graphics' starts with  'g' sound, therefore 'GIF' also starts with a 'g' sound. It isn't a debate, it's common-sense.
am i the only one who pronounces it g-jif as a compromise
It should be soft g so it would make the number 69
For me it's /g/ cause in my language we pronounce words the way they're spelled ;D
Laser is actually pronounced like you said but for polish people ;)
My main argument is that the most similar word to it in the English language is "gift". All other words vary by at least one letter rather than having the base "gif" in it.
I feel like that slide is a perfect proof by contradiction.
It Is Gif not djif change my mind
1:12 and 2:30 Good to know you are using the correct pronunciation yourself ;)
I actually exclaimed, “Bastard!” at the end of the video. 😂😂
Jif
/χɪf/
You can’t stand off the fence all you life Tom. You’re either a Giffer or Jiffer, which is it? One of us, one of us, one of us...
You know this is high quality when you see the pinned comment • 1 month ago
True Neutral  Say /dʒi ʌi ef/
Ok, I know it's not a valid, universal, objective criteria, but I looked up on Google Translator. And as it confirmes my previous opinion on this subject, I'll stick with it forever. Cause I understand Google knows its trade!
It's spelled GIF, but it's pronounced "throat-warbler mangrove."
I usually read it with a hard G but when I saw the title my brain defaulted to the soft G and thought you were disagreeing with me lmao
I use /ʤɪf/ when talking about a .gif file, and /ɡɪf/ when talking about a short video clip without audio used on social media.
I always pronounce it gif, but I do like the gill/gill example as an instructive comparison.
Is the 70/30 distribution worldwide? There are probably many languages where a gi* is never pronounced ji* and so the question never occurs
I can't tell, is it GIF or gif
A tom scott language video is what I need rn
GIF you gits
Zhif
Im standing here at minecraft seed 201232159125012
I always called it gif because of its nearness to gift
It's pronounced "djif"
THANK YOU for the JPEG example. I hate the "but it's short for!" argument so much.
I just want to remind people that saying it like "jif" sounds exactly like yiff, which is furry porn. Do with that knowledge what you want.
Don't forget about other languages
It's pronounced webm.
Guys it's pronounced Jreg
French has the sound "J" of course, but as far as I know, every francophone says the hard G for Gif.
Getting a vid error so haven't watched yet but I'm getting a weird sense of Deja Vu, I'm sure Scott's already done a vid on this (saying Tom just feels wrong for my way of talking)
and if you pronounce it with a dutch G, it means poison
Since Spanish is my mother tongue I've read gif as (hee-f) until I heard that it was gif (hard g, ofc).
As an English Major with a minor in Linguistics, this video fascinated me.  I also know that the Hard G words were all Germanic in origin, whereas the more J-sounding words were Romance-language based. So it opens up a whole other can of worms on whether we should treat new English words with Germanic pronunciations or Roman.
A decade ago it seemed like hard GIF had beat out Dzhif. I’m a little bitter because I felt kinda pressured into the hard-G when Dzhif would be more acceptable like a year later.
I understand english but those squiggles in between slashes are incomprehancible
The question that comes to my mind after watching this is... If G sounds like a J more often than it sounds like a G, then why the hell do we still have two letters? Either they ought to make different sounds, or they ought to be the same letter, in my view. We've combined similar letters together before, haven't we?
It's pronounced "guive"
I'm a bit worried for the people that felt the need to invest their time in a scientific research on how to pronounce this.
Those who pronounce it as gif with the rationalization of the acronym must also pronounce the letter G as "GUH" and not "JI".
I'm still on team Gif as in gift. JIF is a brand of peanut butter, not an image format.
I am the 0% who doesn't say either, I say, Gee I Eff. or G I F
Swedes argues if you say "cookie" or "chookie".
Nice argument but I'm sorry, I gotta feed me and my family in this pandemic, I cant care less...
Its pronounced yiff
It is pronounced G.I.F
I pronounce it "obsolete image format."
I pronounce it by spelling it out the letters like “G.I.F.” 😭
Me an intellectual: It's Gee Eye Eff.
Okay ouch im 18 and I definitely heard gif before I read it. Everyone I know pronounces it jif
English with its two-completely-different-sounds-or-combinations-of-sounds-assigned-to-a-single-letter nonsense
Actually, the 'g' is silent, with the 'i' pronounced like "flight". I'm right and refuse to cooperate with anyone who disagrees.   ...why am i so lonely?
Creator of gif "Its pronounced jif"  Well... You're allowed your opinion, you're wrong and most people disagree with you, but, you're allowed your opinion.
The same way some people say data and others say data.
But, WHO THE FA... CARES?
pronounce it like yiff
The creator is wrong. Simple as that.
Most languages pronounce "gi" as in "gif" and not "jif", so maybe, this one time, the rest of the world may have had an influence in English, instead of the other way around.
Am I only one who pronounces gif as G-I-F?
I live near Gillingham and have only ever heard it pronounced GIF so you could be onto something
GIF  Gang  👇
Im still not saying “jif” no matter how much the creator want me to.
Jif will always be peanut butter to me. I think that's the main reason I say "gif".
It's GIF. Not JIF. It's Graphics Interchange Format. Not Jraphics Interchange Format.
“I’m playing both sides, so I always come out on top.”
2:32 so it is gif after all
Why not just pronounce it g-i-f
This could all be solved if English spelling actually corresponded to phonetics
I use the jif pronunciation, but I don't like to get into arguments that there's One True Way To Say It. And if anyone ever tries to start one with me, I'll start pronouncing it like I do the second G in garage. Zhyif. Zzzzzzzzhyif. Until they give up. :p
I'm more inclined to use a hard G sound, the more popular one, but oftentimes I'll say both just to be funny. "Did you get the GIFJIF I sent you?"
Why is everyone going on about this?  It’s time to settle it...   It’s pronounced gif
This is why Finnish has exactly one way to pronounce any given letter (well with one exception). No silly arguments on the internet.
lamo its not gif its gif
my partner pronounced it “gif”-soft g, long i. “jyf” (jife?)
VaGifNa
It's pronounced "if"
I honestly feel like the people who say jif are just trying to be different and wanna side with the underdog. Typical humans trying to put our personal feelings into things so that we can feel like we're a part of something
What I find interesting/funny is that i pronounce it differently based on what language I'm speaking. If I'm speaking English, it's GIF. If I'm speaking Norwegian, it's JIF.
Jod disagrees with the way Tom says Jif
So the problem is the English language again?
Jif gang unite.
Here before 20 million views
C'mon, it is so easy. The g in gif is pronounced like the g in gauge.
how do you feel about quark?
There is or was a popular brand of peanut butter called Jif; the influence of that probably fixed that pronunciation in my head.
Rebrand it Cif and move on is the usual tactic.
I agree it is GIF NOT JIF
Hmm yes Jrafics
The G in Gif is pronounced the same as the G in Gerald ...
It’s pronounced yiff.
I prefer the hard "g" because there's no ambiguity about it's sound. If it is "jif" I think it should've been written with a "j"
GIF with a hard "g". Similar to "gift" because people are always giving them to each other and both words are used in much the same way ("I hope you liked that gift/GIF I sent you"). :)  GIF with a soft "g" just sounds like pr0n.
3:00    THE SACRED TEXTS
JIZZ
Also being German I wonder how it is pronounced in other languanges?
gif cleans my bathroom.  GIF gives me something to send someone when I can't be bothered to text anything.
GIF means poison in Dutch... but that doesn’t have anything to do with this
Another interesting thing is to consider us non native speakers. When i was young I had assume it's Gif not Jif, since the German g is always pronounced that way. But now I'm part of the english speaking inrernet and therefore part of this debate, which muddles the water even more. So if you want to make another video about this beautifully clickbaity topic, analyze the pronunciation of other countries and try to figure out if that may have an impact on online polls and such.
geef
That is why english is stupid
No it's gif, not gif.
GIF GIF GIF GIF GIF GIF GIF GIF GIF!
His name is JIF
Descriptivist is prounounced "Prescriptivist" by the blokes just south of the Channel.
2:48 you rang? (sort of)
Jraphics Interchange Format
I wonder if the 70%-30% survey is only for english language speakers. In Italy I've never heard it pronounced  /gɪf/,  only  /d͡ʒɪf/. It may be the similar in other countries.
Schadenfreude: realising that even native speakers may struggle trying to translate a written word into sounds. :-)
You mentioned my home town, which happens to be pronounced Gillingham... 😁  Also, it's definitely gif. 🤣
why do we have a 1 month old pinned comment?
"I hope you never forget my name! My name is ... " (BL3 reference)
GIF Jeff
I just say GIF because JIF sounds incredibly stupid.
Q: So is it pronounced gif or gif? A: Yes.
Gee eye eff
I pronounce it jē ī ef
All linguistic arguments aside I use the soft G because the hard g gif sounds terrible. It's a purely aesthetic preference, the soft G just sounds better.
Whenever this comes up, not as a means of discussion but as actual argument, I always rally to the banner of "Jah-hife" Also defendable from other English pronunciations, and it unifies everyone else against me.
Guff is the only acceptable pronunciation
haha glad im dutch we only have one g for that. we pronounce it: "gif"
Proper names have a proper pronunciation. My name has a j in it so people decided that it should be pronounces the spanish way.
I pronounce it "GIF" because i'm German.
I know that I used to say "jif" and, at some point that I don't remember, I switched to "gif"... It was probably peer pressure, with everyone around me saying "gif".
So, is it GIF or GIF?
What Gif the 'G' is actually a silent letter?
Damn, I always use gif as my pronouncing but people told me gif is the right one, now gif is the reason if another gif not good cause this video. So thank thanks I will use gif as my new gif pronouns instead gif
I am chaotic neutral. Since i was a child i said G.I.F (Like an acronym, letter bu letter. I don't understand the argument
I pronounce it /x/if, with the dutch g. I think /g/if is more correct but I never say the word aloud anyway so who really cares?
It's just the Guy, G . U . U, Gooey argument again
nah
I just call them "pics" now. They might be .jpg, .gif, .png. They're all "pics" which I pronounce as "picks".  Besides, there is already a trademarked name pronounced, and spelled, as Jif that pre-dates GIF.
No joke, I got a Jif peanut butter ad on this before watching.
But what about "G.U.I" vs "Gooey"?
It is gif in German so i say gif and Not jif
it's a gif not peanut butter
Anyone who says gif "gif" instead of "gif" is wrong and stupid. Sorry, but them's the breaks.
For Americans this is like “car-bean” or “car-bIne” or “Ga-rand” or “Gare-and”
Wait, "scuba" is an acronym??
You left out the most common argument. GIF is GIFT without a T. You don’t give someone a JIFT. The creator is wrong and is actually just trolling everyone. End of story.
Gillingham in Kent here, Jippy GIFs all the way here 😂🤣
A proper solution: we should be using PNGs instead, and let the GIF standard fade away!
Somehow I have never find my self in either camps and wonder if there is a third category of people like me who have always read it as G.I.F (jee aai eff).
I just pronounce it spelled out like: Gee Eye Eff. It's great because no one can say I'm wrong because I'm technically not, and yet everyone hates me because I refuse to pick a side.
What if there is extension called .jif and people start confusing did they mean jif of actually gif?
It's ZHAIF
Good title
Descriptivism: If you understand what I meant then I used the words correctly; if you didn't, I didn't.
Just call it "fig" and be done with it, FFS.
I imagine peeps shortening to JIF are shortening Gee Eye Eff rather than Graphic Interchange Format, and peeps arguing the other are because most commonly used words that start with G have a "guh" sound. My argument is that it's not an actual word, and English is a broken God damn language, so I'm gonna pronounce it Jyf
Indonesian pronounce it lass-uhr
This is why I still say octopi, instead of octopuses or octopodes. It's just better, and who cares whether the suffix matches the origin of the word?
I can understand people feeling uncomfortable when they hear unfamiliar pronunciations, but I cannot understand how so many people get passionate, angry, smug, and superior over the "best" pronunciation for a word. It goes for grammar and spelling, too. People constantly shriek about the degradation of language, and they sneer derisively at idiots whom they think do it the "wrong" way. Often in England, you'll see people blaming Americanization (even when America isn't involved). In America, people blame pop culture or public schools. What is their deal? Ain't they know we been speakin' dif'rent ways since time begun?
Dammit! Jif is a peanut butter!
His "five word speech" had 6 words....
Its not peanut butter smh
its pronounced GIF for god damn sake ;)  But seriously speaking it's pronounced with hard G in polish (and you can't pronounce G differently in my language, unless on end of the word, it's similar to K then) so I am going to pronounce it that way.
Thank you for pronouncing Gib properly, I've had too many arguments with folks about that.
I use both, depending how I feel at that moment.
I can't look at the word gif without saying zhyfe, and it's all because of the pbs ideas channel.
I find it compelling that all English words to have the letters g-i-f in that order are pronounced with a hard g, rather than the j sound.
I just pronounce it with a Dutch g (ɣ in IPA).
oh tom. JIF.
I started talking French before English so I read it as jif
am I the only one who mentally tagged it as G.I.F in my head the firs time I saw the word
this debate was settled by Mike Rugnetta in the Idea Channel 7(?) years ago.
GIF is close to gift or give, JIF is harder to mis-hear
Why am I pronouncing it as   G . I . F    Separately...
Everybody knows its pronounced ಛೆಫೋಡಜಾಖೆಫೊ諛彩鰭山竹廿火大人火水土ಡಞಞಣಡಧಝಙರ䥅廿竹ಷವಫ
As a German I find this debate funny (sorry), we don't have that here because no German word starting with a 'G' is pronounced as 'J'. So, in unity, we pronounce it /ɡɪf/.
LASER is an acronym???
I have asked Oxford and Cambridge and they have said it's surely gif and only gif
It's pronounced Jif! Common sense!
wAiT wHaT lAsEr AnD sCuBa ArE aCrOnYmS??????
If you pronounce it with a hard G, you're an idiot and shouldn't be using a computer. It's truly that simple.
It's actually pronounced "jeff"
From a French guy, I think it's the same with "geek" that we tend to pronounce "jeek" because we saw it before we heard it.
yea' it is "gif" not "gif"
The gif vs jif debate is dumb, so I take a third option: I pronounce it as jyfe.
The 'g' here is pronounced like the 'g' in "gif"
bruh. its jee eye eff 😐
It's pronounced yiff
Actually, the 'g' is silent.
Me: G. I. F.
I can't trust someone that says 'jif'
Who else remembers when "Jif" became "Cif"?
"the correct answer is of course *crash*" I admire your impartiality while at the same time calling you "chicken" for not giving us the answer you came to.
why would we favorite the ones that are in the same position?
Given that language exists to facilitate the exchange of ideas, this debate is redundant.  Neither gif nor gif introduce any ambiguity in meaning, so it's barely different than having two words for the same thing.  Say it however you want.  Everybody knows what you're talking about.  Thus, the word, however pronounced, has accomplished its mission.
Now please do something about the people who still manage to mix up To/Too, There/Their.
YES it is "Jif!"
This is why english sucks. In spanish, for example, there would be only one way to pronounce it.
Thank you so much for this. People always bring up the 'Graphic' pronunciation argument, to which I bring up laser and scuba (among others), but then it just devolves into me explaining that yes, laser and scuba are (or were) actually acronyms.
In french we put u after the g to differentiate them Since its not written guif, its pronounced jif
It's a gift
This is why english sucks. In spanish, for example, there would be only one way to pronounce it.
*sees title* Is that prescriptivism I smell?  *watches to end* ... I guess you're safe for now
Is his shirt even red anymore?
and im here pronouncing it G.I.F
'Gif' is posion in dutch, and its pronounced/gi/, so is GIF for me
The  difference between people using either "gif" or "jif" is a simple matter of who has and who hasn't been chosen by Jod to enter into the Cingdom of Heaven.
imo the correct pronouncation is gif
No, I think it's GIF and not GIF.
I don't care what anyone says. It's pronounced gif.
It's pronounced like the G in Garage
Problem solved in Germanhausen... we can't say JIF ... its GIF done :D
JOD WANTS TO: KNOW YOUR LOCATION
Hello I am Tom Scott at the Temple of Notch.
I don't care, is gif
its "GIF", otherwise "gift" would be pronounced like "jift"
I hate this comment section
I feel like gif is more natural sounding when you say it, unlike gif. That’s why I like gif better than gif.
Ha ha 😀
gift without the t
Good for you, Tom! I'm not picking sides either.
It's Gif, jif is peanut butter.
It should have the Dutch G. The sound a blender makes when you put ice in there.
I was going to make the "It's gif, not gif" joke, but I'm a bit to late XD
I agree, gif is pronounced gif, not jif.
i've accepted that it's pronounced jif because that's how the guy who made it says it's pronounced, it's just not gonna stop my brain from using whichever whenever it feels like
some people say gif. other people say gif. but i, an intellectual, says _g.i.f._
I usually say the letters seperately, like you would in several other file extensions
it is pronounced .gif
in my experience as a native french speaker, whenever "g" is pronounced /g/ is when there is an "u" afterwards, so naturally i pronounced it /dʒɪf/.
G stands for graphics so as soon as graphics is pronounced jraphics i’ll say jif
I like to pronounce it as G-I-F like .exe (dot e - x - e)
Best way to pronounce GIF, and so that everyone knows what you mean, is GIF as in Egg. Where you just say Egg instead of GIF, as in Chicken Egg. That way there is no confusion about it.
I say it both ways just to annoy the kind of people who care how it’s pronounced.
Im neither I say G.I.F.
69
I wonder if people from different countries (and therefore with different native languages) are more likely to pronounce it one way or another.  If there's no word that starts with /dʒɪ/ in a given languange, but lots of words with /ɡɪ/ more people might prononce it /ɡɪf/. And the other way around.
top comment pinned by tom scott , a month ago .. video uploaded 1 hr ago ,  'oh but the algorythm '  meh
After this video I forgot how I used to pronounce GIF
I’m watching this with subtitles and no audio and I still don’t know the correct pronunciation
It's an acronym. How does english pronounce the letter G in the alphabet? Now say "G I F". That's why some say JIF. The people that say GIF come from languages where G has more of a "Guh"-sound.
The way I go about it is: by just looking at the letter if it says gif, is it supposed to be gif.
so people that say jif pronounce God’s name as Jod?
In Dutch we lend a lot of words from English, like hifi and wifi. Interestingly, despite those being very similar, they are pronounced very differently.
GIF needs to go.  The format is low quality and has comparatively large file sizes.  Every popular video format (AVC, HEVC, VP9) is significantly better.  Audioless video files (mp4, mov, webm, mkv) should embed to social platforms the same way as GIF does: a looping video.  GIF does not have any reason to continue to exist.  Get rid of GIF.
Anyone who pronounced it “GIF” is wrong. “GIF” is the only right way to pronounce it.
It is pronounced Graphics Interchange Format. I am a cat on the net, thus I am and I am right.
The correct answer is, of course, "GIF".
It's very simple: if we wanted to pronounce it as "jif", we would write it as "jif".  It's illogical to pronounce "gif" as "jif", because then it's indistinguishable from saying "jif".
it's a victory for the,,,, jiffers
Thank Jod someone shed light on this issue
Imagine this video being released during the most intensely heated period of the GIF/JIF war
I LOVE the title of this video.
Other people - It's gif. No it's dzif. And then there is me who was pronouncing each letter individually G-I-F
Well, it looks like gift so I pronounce gif, am I the only one who follows that logic?
1:13 is Toms way of pronouncing GIF, dont worry he's not a dirty jiffer.
*Everyone during WWII:*  "Oh no!  The Germans are coming." *The Internet:*  "Do you mean the Jermans?"
That is the real gift that keeps GIFing.
Thank you.
As a southamerican and native spanish speaker, I've never really had any problems with the pronounciation, we call them "/ɡɪf/" and no one really calls them "/dʒɪf/" around here because that kind of "/dʒɪ/" doesn't exist in spanish... Although for that to make sense it should be written "guif", otherwise it would be pronounced "hiff" according to spanish grammar, but that's not the issue here now, is it?
it doesn't matter because we should all be using WebM instead.
Hard G no compromises!
Sword!
its obviously pronouced gif, not gif
I'm at file system
I say Jif, not gif.  Like if you agree.
So... How do you pronounce PCX?
Lets just say graphics interchange format. Sure, stacked up it will take far more time than gif or jif, but it's still not as much as the manhours used to settle this argument.
Bringing back Zhaif in memory of Idea Channel
if it's pronounced Jif it should be spelt Jif
No guys, it's actually fgiggiudswxftcfif.
The only correct way to say it is "jife"
GIF = Graphics Interchange Format 'Graphics' has a hard G.  Debate over.  Yes, I know the video addresses this, but when the word can be logically said without adaptation (for example, the JPEG, the P *only* has an F-sound when followed by an H, which it clearly isn't), then K.I.S.S.
Choosy GIFfers choose GIF.
It's all because  of historic view.  Like Gin is from the Dutch/Belgum  Jenever/Genever,  a.k.a. Dutch courage!!!
"Psycholinjuistics"
If English were phonetically consistent, this wouldn’t be an issue, but it would sound so weird.
There is a format called JIF, so GIF should be pronounced differently to differentiate. Simple.
like if its GIF
I pronounce it like either or, depending on my mood.
It depends on who is calling it, either Jeff or Greg.
Moms like you choose Gif
i say “gif,” cause “jif” just sounds dumb to me
Don't know why is it in my recommendations...
It's English. There's no such thing a "correct pronunciation". Just whatever stuck to the wall
You're totally right, it is only correctly pronounced as GIF. Then again, calling it lzwif cuts off any debate before it ever comes up.
old english word "gif" was pronounced "yif", it morphed into the modern "if" later on.
I just pronounce it as graphics interchange format
Most of the non english speaking world pronounces it as gif, not jif, so that's another arguement on gifs side.
You've overlooked the most important consideration: choosy mothers choose Jif.  Jif is peanut butter. A GIF is not peanut butter, therefore it is pronounced with a hard 'G.' And that's the end of that.
Anyone who uses are hard g refuses to acknowledge that g's are softened preceding non-front vowels in English. The problem exists because people use the most commonly used similar-sounding root word 'give' or 'gift' as a means of predicting how to pronounce similarly spelled words. The common occurrence of a word in a language with one spelling does not and has never dictated the way other words in that language are pronounced. If that were the case, we wouldn't have distinct root words with similar spelling - they would all sound the same. It's a soft g, and it's okay for the majority of people to be wrong about something.  Exceptions exist in words with Germanic origin like gift, give, gear, etc. Those exceptions are rare in how they vary, but they are common in their usage. It's wrong and likely not helpful to the growth of a language to homogenize that language's phonetics and grammar based on commonly used words. How can you expect your language to grow without variety and distinctiveness? These phonetic rules exist to ensure distinction, not to erode it. If you love the English language, you will use a soft g in pronouncing gif.
The creator says it’s supposed to be “Jif,” but I call it gif with a hard “g” because I don’t want it confused with the peanut butter brand.
Don't care. I say Gif (hard G).
Tom gifs us amazing content
My problem is that in Danish GIF is pronounced unambiguously with the g sound, so when saying it in English I naturally tend towards that as well.
Y I F F
yiff
Would love to see a similar video on the scone/scon argument
I like my graphics with a giraffe.
People who pronounce it G.I.F be like  " I have no such weakness "
"My name Giff"
It's nucular NU-CU-LAR
oh boy we're here again
I think it's prononounced G-I-F
No. It's GIF.
As a French, I pronounce it [ ʒif], but if I had to pronounce it with in a sentence in English, I'll naturally go towards a [dʒif] pronunciation. The hard G just doesn't make sense to me.
Choosy perverts choose GIF. By parallel with the old ad Choosy mothers choose Jiff (the peanutbutter). That's what made my mind up.
It's pronounced Jif... then call it Jif😂  gif all the way guys
It’s spelled with a g. End of story.
Personally, I pronounce it “zhife” after Mike Rugnetta
I go to school in Gillingham, "gi" not "ji", so cool to see it in a Tom Scott vid
try calling God "Jod" at the  pearly gates :D
it's gif cause i'm german, end of story
I just always pronounced it as it's written.
After a rebrand, it has been changed to Cif
Anyone just like me who pronounces "GIF" as "JEE AY EFF"??  Come on here now, give me my like.👍
Gif as in giraffe
I think that in other languages than English it is naturally pronounced GIF following pronunciation rules in that language (any languages from the Slavic family for example) so that is why most of the world says GIf and not dgif.
I have got to be the only person who doesnt care and sometimes just use either. I have NEVER cared.
Tom Scott could say that the earth is flat and I'd belive him
Just pronounce it /ɣif/, Tom.
If you say "Jif" you might be a sociopath.
Im just saying, everybody Who thinks its pronounced yiff is wrong, im not going to say yiff when refering to a funny internet video that repeats itself and neither should you
Gif. With a hard g. Graphics. That's what the letter stands for, the inventor is just an ass. G like grass.
I miss hard g, I still use it, so I stopped debating
Sc-u-ba is the best word I've ever heard
Oh this is new? I thought it was old
.
It's gif
You invent it, you decide on the pronunciation. Nobody is out arguing Target is really Tarjhay.
English is a funny language...I prefer Hindi. जिफ / गिफ  easy
And then there's giga…
It’s a proper noun so the person who names it DOES get to choose. I can’t just choose to pronounce your name differently without being wrong.
I'm more descriptivist than proscrivist
"yif" cuz apparently it pisses everyone off...
"Jif" in German just isn't really an option to pronounce a _g_ . I haven't heard anyone say it like that.
See why consistency between pronunciation and spelling is important? In my own language (Italian) the letter "G" can have both the hard and soft pronunciation too, but that's clearly indicated in the spelling: GA, GO and GU are always hard; GE and GI are always soft; if you want a hard G with E or I, just add an H in between: GHE and GHI; and if you want a soft G with A, O or U, you add an I in between: GIA, GIO and GIU. Works exactly the same with C.
It's just strange to me that some people pronounce it like the peanut butter brand 'Jif' 😅
It stands for Graphics Interchange Format, not Jraphics Interchange Format.
I used to pronounce it wrong. Not I say gif not jiff.
It's just strange to me that some people pronounce it like the peanut butter brand 'Jif' 😅
Well the bellend who made it should have spelt and created  it "Jif".
ayyy big up where are my Gillingham homies at
"The correct answer is of course........." very funny. Thank you. You are gifted with great sense of humor.
It is gif with a hard G.
Never look a GIF horse in the mouth!
I agree with GIF
Personally, i just go with whichever i think will upset more people at any given time
GIF-T
Scubbah is most definitely the most British way to pronounce scuba
It's pronounced Gibs.
Jif is peanut butter not a graphics interchange format
It’s just “Gift” missing the “t”
Is this a re-upload?
English is a mess
*I mean, if you created something I bet you'd want it pronounced your way.*
Hey Tom, why not just settle the debate with G-I-F?
I always preferred gif.
I just say G I F, no problem
Jif peanut butter?
Obviously "jif", "ghif" and "jee ai ef" are all correct. Why? Wi-Fi: "wai fai", wireless fidelity, not "fai-delity" Sci-fi: "sai fai", science fiction, not "fai-ction"  Btw JPEG is the least logically pronounced acronym ever. People don't say "jay pee ee jee", or "jpeg", they say "jaypeg". Seems like compactness is more important than logic.
Gif vs jif is a classic conflict that only redditors care about
Jif is short for jiffy which is English slang for not long  E.g. “I’ll be there in a jif” Means “I’ll be there soon”
I'm here, in the comments section, of Tom Scott's video.
1:56 it's not gift-ed, but gif-ted as in the pronuncation \ˈgif-təd \ (merriam-webster).  this gives you the pronuncation of GIF. i looked up words that start with gif and they only seem to be forms of gift, reinforcing this even more.  GIF it is !
Laser is pronaunced laser in slavic languages.
So hows it pronounced again? Was it GIF or GIF? Or was it Gif? gif maybye?
I’m going to say GIF and not JIF, just like I will always say (and spell) it Aluminium and not Aluminum - the latter version just makes you sound daft (no offence North American, but it just does).
English is the only language I know where people regularly argue over pronounciations.
As long as you don't pronounce Linux as L-EYE-nux, I won't come for you and your family.
How you pronounce it is a population cohort thing.  I pronounce it with a soft G--because I grew up with computers in the 90s and had a level of technical proficiency. People in the 90s who had some technical proficiency (or who wanted to pretend that they did) pronounced it with a soft G. People who pronounced it with a hard G at that time were scrubs who thought the internet and AOL were the same thing. Soft G meant you were in the know.   After all, the creator of the format himself said that it was intentionally a homophone with the peanut butter brand. So if you wanted other computer people to take you seriously, you used the soft G.
0:22 There's something wrong about inventing something and being told na, you're wrong. Then again I pronounce it Gif and not Jif too.
I recon having consistent spelling rules might have helped
Meanwhile here I am who uses both pronounciation occasionally without realising it.       ┐(￣ヘ￣)┌
Zhif
It's pronounced /ɾif/ don't quote me
So can we just agree that corona is a conspiracy to get more liguistic videos from Tom?
Actually in polish laser is pronounced laser
I'm fond of the Greek pronunciation: "yiff"
This is aluminium v aluminum but more subtle. You either learned that's pronounced aluminium or don't say the word at all. XD
-Hey I invented this thing, I'll call it a gif. Pronounced jif. -Naaah.
It's obviously pronounced yiff
Is it data or data?
I don’t know why this is recommended to me       But I am not disappointed
I pronounce it with the hard g and if anyone kicks up a fuss I go "oh, sorry, I mean yiff/gyfe/zhiph" or whatever other mangling pleases me that day.
I'm on the side that the correct way is Jif, because of the creator, however i'm never going to pronounce it that way because it sounds stupid and i would rather be wrong and happy.
Jif is a peanut butter brand, end of story.
I just say both in succession or I spell it out (ex: "This is a .GIF(Dot-jee-eye-eff) file" or "Look at this Gif-Jif").
The plot-twist is of course that they're both wrong and it's the dutch way with a gutteral 'g'.
It’s obvious what the pronunciation of the abbreviation for jraphics interchange format will be... 🤨
Even the debate that, gif is more commonly accepted rather than jif is debatable as it varies from country to country. In Pakistan, India, and Bangladesh, I've heard "Jif". But in the western countries it's, "gif". NGL, jif just sounds right in my head. Gif sounds awkward
Maybe it also has something to do with the word being used by people from other countries. It spanish and german it's most definitely git.
Fig is pronounced fig. Now say it backwards and you get the only clear and objective correct answer, gif.
The reality is that the acronyms gin, gist, and gel are pronounced with a j sound is because they are actual English words that are pronounced that way. Git and gif aren't English words. Git is close to 'get', so you could maybe make an argument there, but it seems that we default to the hard G if it's not an English word that would otherwise be pronounced with a soft G.
In Italian, the G always has a J sound when it is followed by an I, so I "settled" with saying "jif" in Italian, but Gif in English
What about the infuriating consistent inconsistency in the English language like "why is laughter pronounced _lafter,_ but slaughter is not pronounced _slafter_ ?"
1:27 it is in spanish!
The thing is, almost all non English speakers say gif because usually coming from other languages and reading gif, most people will associate with G as Guh, not Gee
We can just call them animated pictures instead of fighting over jif or gif
Nope it's spelled G.I.F (jee ai ef)
Jrafic
My view on the people that are adamant that GIF should be pronounced with a hard G *BECAUSE* the G stands for Graphic which has a hard G should also be the people that pronounce JPEG with an F sound for the P because it stands Photographic.  But I have never found anyone who falls into the former group but adheres to their own rules and falls into the latter group.  I'm *perfectly* fine with people that say should be pronounced with a hard G because it feels right to them, since that's how language evolves.  Whatever language you speak might be unrecognizable if you heard what it used to sound like centuries ago or will sound like centuries from now.  However, I do feel that if you create a word you should have say in how it should be pronounced.
Tom I need you to look into how people pronounce the beverage "Fanta".
GIF GIf GIF GIF
Soft G just sounds _nasty._
Woah Tom, no need to get political.
I would like to know the reasoning for pronouncing “jig” by its creator. Guess I will have to go down that rabbit hole later.
It's pronounced GIF! If you say otherwise you're wrong!
come on, we all know its gif
"The correct answer is of course, -- Studio 1." 3:00    That's how you actually pronounce GIF, according to Tom.
It's GIF, end of story..
I wanted Mike Rugnetta to crash in at the end and yell djaif
"Jiffers" is scarily close to Yiff for me hehehe
I love this debate. Both sides have examples on why they are right and both ignore the other’s evidence. I personally do both
I always argue that it is pronounced "yiff"
I always said gee-aye-eff
god damnit let's just use apng instead
Graphical Interchange Format kind of seals it for me.   Your jpeg example, nobody pronounces that heypeg just because there are words that use the sound j makes in other languages. It’s always jay-peg.
Can we just find a new name for it?
Am I the only one who calls it Jee-ai-eff
This is kinda like when we read a new Pokemon name, do we read it Arceus or Arceus
Delet this
I’ve never clicked so fast
If I want an opinion other than my own on how it's pronounced I'll ask a giraffe, or maybe a gnu.
I'm here, in between a controversy, and this is something you might not know.
In Italy we say gif as "jif". That's probably cause all italian words that start with "gi" we prounance them with a soft "g".
It’s a hard g as in gift.
its grief... :'(
I pronounce it with a hard 'kh' sound to annoy everyone
In Russian we say гиф - gheef. So for me GIF will always be gheef lmao. Also the fact that Russians say it as gheef instead of JIF shows that the former is more widely accepted
The one takeaway is that English is a bonkers language
WE WON THE WAR!!
I am gonna say gif anyway. Not gonna say jif
If you say a word and I understand what you mean, then congratulations, you languaged correctly.
Idiot me: G I F
It’s GIF. End of story.
Always assumed it as Gif because Gift is the cloest to it and when you drop the 't' at the end its the same text wise so why not pronunciation wise?
jee-ai-ef.  G.I.F.
Gif... Not to be confused with jiff, which is both a file format and a brand
*you have provoked a gang war*
Met a guy once who pronounced it "zhyfe". That's when I knew there is no God.
Hiff
You can hear how Tom pronounces it at 1:13. Thanks tom! It's GIF!
Hard g? *laughs in dutch*
Hi.
Huh, I thought it was "Gee-Ai-Ef".
TIL Scuba is an acronym
This topic is rather -iffy.
me: Ji Ay Ef
yiff for reasons
I pronounce it G I F
It's still jif because this is English and English pronunciation never ever works how the intuition of the majority would expect it to work, therefore, BECAUSE gif would seem like the most 'logical' decision, it's ACTUALLY the most illogical decision, and we should say jif.
Luckily I'm from Finland, so I know exactly how to pronounce it.
Never thought of
It’s Jif, unless you’re a stubborn ignoramus.
Kidding aside, I feel like an outcast all my life for being the only person that I know that pronounces it like you would PNG, G-I-F.
GIF is correctly pronounced _"videos with no audio for kids browsing on their phones"._  Bah humbug, get off my lawn!
I'm sorry but its pronounced GIF
It is pronounced MILF.
manamesgif
How is It on spanish?
In Java, 'char' is short for 'character'. Only a minority pronounces it as 'car'.
Better idea let's call it G I F. Because it's a simple f******** acronym.
its pronounced "   ", the g, i, and f are silent.
Baffles me how videos like this get so many views.
Lets imagine if every inventor just makes up their own pronunciation because they invented it and think that is why they can do whatever.   Bill gates "oh its wyunduuus" Hawking "It is a pflagwhul" Steve Jobs" it is pronounced aeble" The wheel dude "its a wuchel"  So I dont care what the inventor says. I just know if I pronounce it "jiff" here in germany especially, some people will think they need so send a file that ends with .jif
Easy jif is an American peanut butter pronounced with a J and gif doesn't have a J
ZHAIF for Life bby
Awesome video! Packed with in-depth information that is presented in an entertaining and digestible manner! Thanks :) !
Tom Scott comment date: 1 month ago  Tom Scott video upload date: 19 Oct, 2020   Seems legit
Next: Data or data?
You pronounce ‘pronunciation’ incorrectly in this, I’m sorry
I don’t think this will be settled with anything less than a war.  One side kills off everyone on the other side and the debate will be over.  No surrendering or peace treaty.
GIF GIF GIF GIF GIF GIF GIF GIF GIF GIF GIF GIF GIF GIF GIF GIF GIF GIF GIF GIF GIF GIF GIF GIF  See it’s like Django with silent w. Y’all need to lighten up on this made up word.  Some people still pronouncing tomato TOMATO, can’t believe it.
In Afrikaans, the word written as "gif" means "poison" in English :) not pronounced like either English pronunciations though xD In fact, English doesn't have a sound similar to what we use for g.
In french there is a correct way, as a G followed by a consonnant is soft unless the consonnant is U, in which case the G is hard. Therefore, for any francophone, the correct way to say it is "Jif".
I think you'll find it's actually pronounced 'yiff' because in old English word initial /g/ became /j/ (the english 'y' sound)
it's a looping video, not a peanut butter brand  :)
If GIF is G I F then we simply must accept the correction pronunciation is "G I JOOOOOOOOE"
Whenever an English-speaker reads my family name they get confused about how it is pronounced. But "gu" serves a very clear purpose in Portuguese (and Spanish), which is telling where to pronounce a hard g. And English does adopt that rule sporadically in words like guest, guess, and guitar. This should settle the issue in favor of /dʒif/
Im a native spanish speaker, and for us is GIF with hard G, because our language is highly descriptive, and how a word is written tells you anything you need to know on how to pronounce it. G only reads as a hard g sound, while the "soft g" sound is represented as a double L, (for us J sounds like the h in hand, so we laugh as jajaja), so the second pronuciation should be written in spanish as "LLIF", and I don't see cat.llif in my _Imágenes_ folder.
Watching this a Spanish person is crazy  Just get some rules or smth for pronunciation
The real reason it should be pronounced "jif" is because there are currently 68 one-morpheme words pronounced like that, and adding gif would make it a nice round number.
Why Am I here
In Polish 'g' is pronunced only one way (like in GIF) and j in JIF is written as 'dż'. So for all of Polish speakers most likely it's GIF ;)
I remember this argument on the triforce podcast, poor sips_
Savage AF
The original tagline from the specification was "choosy developers choose GIF," a play on the old "choosy moms choose JIF" peanut butter commercials from the 70s and 80s. I remember seeing it when I implemented GIF87 support in my graphical BBS system in the late 80s.
This same mispronunciation applies to giga- gigabytes, gigahertz, etc.  Tom should have used it also as an example.  The ISO and BIPM and NIST and other standards organizations have all said for decades that it's pronounced Jiga- but people have refused to pronounce it the correct way.
I think its at 2:31 when Tom slips on his way of saying it.
The "G" in "English" is a hard "G", so I think that's why most people go there. Maybe it's time for an English reform. All words which are pronounced with a hard "G", keep the G. All words that sound like "J" will be replaced with it. Why do we even have multiple letters that have similar or the same sound anyway?
Yiff
The fact that there's both a Gillingham and a Gillingham killed me. Oh the fights they must have with foreigners. They've been living the JIF/GIF struggle for centuries!
i pronounce it as GEE AII AYFF
Dutch people reading gif: Ghif
Nope, won't change my mind.. It's gif.
So is it gif or gif?
Гиф
I knew it! Everybody tries to correct me on this. But, I knew it!
For me, it's easy. GIFs are simple (usually repeating) videos, not peanut butter.
It's pronounced "if", the "g" is silent.
It's pronounced /ɣif/
as of this moment I'm not a subscriber of Mr Tom Scot onlyfans I can not financially support someone who is just Wrong and not on my side I thought you were better than this Tom
I've always used that scuba argument
I pronounce all of that individually, G. I. F What should I do now?
Jeff.
I have not watched the video but I agree with you, it's pronounced GIF.
Listen, Pewdiepie said that gif was pronounced "gif," end of story
It's not jif, it's Gif
Before I start watching this, whatever you say you are doomed.  Best of luck Tom Scott!
The simple answer is that it’s up to you, the user, since no linguistic trend answers it solidly. Acronyms don’t do it — and do they follow the same rules as words anyway? Words don’t cut it, as shown, too easily argued either way. Gift, gist, gin, give...  So you could defer to the person who made it, since you can’t argue either way successfully. But people refuse to (because they’re RIGHT!!) so the only actual solution is to just use the opposite of whoever you’re talking to, to annoy them as much as possible.
I would have been interesting for the study to evaluate all words starting with gi followed by an f-sounding sound afterward
Just call it G. I. F.
I thought it was G.I.F   G....I....F
wait is it pronounced gif or gif
If you have to use other letters to explain how it's supposed to be pronounced and actual letters to say how it isn't, you're doing something wrong :)
Actually, to all the people who call it 'Jhiff' or 'Ghiff', the *G* is silent. By which I mean if you start an argument about it, I will silence you
jif sounds hella dumb
0:33 "one of the most fundamental principles in linguistics is descriptivism" Yes, and another is prescriptivism....  I love your videos Tom, but this weird campaign you have the act like one principles is significant and the other is dumb and outdated really makes you seem like a youtube armchair linguist.
My name Jif
Y'all are wrong, it's pronounced "gif"
I'd guess that GIF with a hard G is more popular worldwide (as the survey says) because a lot of not native English speaking people have G pronounced as hard G always in their native language. I think at least some Swedes would say that both versions of GIF are wrong, and that it should be pronounced /jɪf/ (yif)
no its not its pronounced gif
GIF. It's GIF. All the people saying GIF is pronounced GIF instead of GIF are stupid.
I commit a crime to the person using "jit" instead of "git"
Being Danish, it's not an issue - always hard G!
You make cool videos
-->     GIF as in Gee Eye Eff                              G     I      F    No?  ok ;-;
jee ay eff
and then theres a few that just say gee ie eff
"I am inside the mind of Steve Wilhite, creator of the gif format."
I don’t yet know what you’re going to say but you’re wrong
GIF + JIF = GIF So its GIF
Jif the peanut butter
it is so stupid if you can't pronounce your own language.
Spoilers: It's pronounced GIF.
*M O V I N G P I C T U R E*
It's GIF alright!
I've always been on team jif, and I feel like my reasoning is due to a mixture of local culture and the English language.  Over here, the oldest, most important highway in the country is called the Pan Island Expressway, abbreviated to PIE. No, you don't pronounce it like the pastry. You spell out the acronym letter by letter. P - I - E.   Locals around here have the habit of reading acronyms letter by letter, so every time I hear new three-letter acronyms, I naturally develop the habit of reading them letter by letter. Once I got to the acronym GIF, which when read letter by letter reads jee - eye - eff (because in English, the letter "G" itself is already a soft G), my brain just abbreviated to jif. Jee - eye - eff : jif. Rolls off the tongue a lot better than jee - eye - eff : gif.  I can't speak for everyone, but this is my justification on why I pronounce it as "jif".
No it isn't.
Well clearly it should be pronounced gif not gif
The correct pronounciation is KIF!
I'm gonna say this before I watch the video - I'm sure Tom's argument is very well reasoned and researched, but if you pronounce it with a soft G, you are a nonce.
So what about GILF?
The debate has it all wrong. There is one objective reason that Hard-G should win as the defacto true pronunciation, which is how insistent its creator is about JIFF.
But who the fock actually cares?
After all this I am still on gif side.
This is why I say dat-ah and not day-tah.
smh people are going insane, its obviously pronounced gif
Wait, it's either GIF or GIF? But I've been saying GIF all this time. I didn't even know about GIF and GIF.
Wait what? Laser is an acronym
Jiraffics interchange format
Okay, so I came here to learn how to pronounce GIF, and ended up learning that laser is an acronym... I am shook.
They should just remove the letter  ' i '  ... that way I can finally have a Gf ........ ಥ_ಥ      ಥ‿ಥ
It's pronounced *Dutch voice* GIF
Sorry Tom I don't speak wrong
nobody: me: *If it ain’t peanut butter it ain’t Jif*
Anyone who says jiff is dumb and the creator is wrong. Someone else would have created them anyway
A long-standing religious war, in other words. The internet has a long history of beating the damp spot where the dead horse used to be. :-)  I remember a Numberphile video where the name Skewes caused some issues since they had only ever seen it in print and had never heard it pronounced...
Glad hear it’s finally settled.
It is, in fact, pronounced like JIVE No, I will not be taking questions
tom i dont care what you say ill keep saying gif
i say gif but my parents say gif but i think its gif but im not sure that its gif
I don't care which side you're on, but FINALLY someone brings up how stupid the "YoU dOn'T sAy JrApHiCs" argument is, thank you tom
you say jif, I disrecpect you.
It's pronounced like the g in gigantic.
If you’re from the UK and of a certain age; gif is a file format, jif is a cleaning product.
The most controversial video on the Internet
Now do this for “gibs”
There are people discussing gif
In france there are 2 possible pronunciations : gif and ge+if (ge like the end of garage). The debate could be settled easily because all french words in gi are pronounced like ge+i. However, some troublemakers mimick english to sound cooler. So in the end the debate is even more tense than in english.
Hard G "gif" just sounds like people trying to say "gift" and leaving off the "t". Soft G "gif" makes the most sense, it's the way the originator of the word said it SHOULD be, it's easier to say AND it causes the least amount of confusion unless you have a lot of peanut butter enthusiasts.
Joke's on you, I pronounce it χɪf
Hard G, there's a .jif file format, it's a type of jpeg.
Or GgïîíīììfF works too
It's Jhyff
_Gif_ is a *Dutch* word and it means poison/toxin
If anyone remembers idea channel, it's pronounced "zhaif".
I am a Jeffrey rather the alternative Geoffrey so I support Jif
The ‘G’ is silent
Is it bass or bass?
2:30 "Unless you are very young GIF is a word that you have almost certainly read before you heard"   We got him bois
Bottom line: The other side was wrong.
jiff feels right,gif doesnt
IT'S GIF NOT GIF
Jiff is peanut butter. End of story.
It is pronounced zhaif
My name is GIF
Shawn: [Yawns and opens a GIF] Shaun: [Yauns and opens a JIF] Sean: [Yeans and opens a YIFF]
Peanut butter
In Polish, G is never pronounced like in gin or gist, it's always like in gift or gaffer, so you can make a guess on how we all pronounce "GIF" here. Not sure how it is in other languages.  To me, jiff just sounds awkward, I don't like it.
I had no idea SCUBA was an acronym :D
70% Gif  30% Jif  "I love democracy"
Furries: it's pronounced yiff
...if a pronunciation could smell rancid and mushy,  "dhjiff" would block your nose from a mile away with its stench, it truly triggers my fuckoffapeia. Forever in the red corner.
Only when god comes down to Earth and says his name is pronounced Jod will I pronounce Gif as Jif. Also there’s a peanut butter brand that’s called Jif so that word is off the table.
"Laser isn't pronounced LASER" Me: *confused in Polish*
GIF stands for Graphics Interchange Format, you say Graphics with a hard G, so it's GIF with a hard G in my humble opinion.
giff > jiff
It's not jif it will never be jif
Laser is an acronym???
It's jif.
Getting on my fuckin nerves... Tom
THANK YOU I've been making that acronym pronunciation argument for years
If you heard gif with a hard g, then looked in the dictionary and couldn't find it, you'd say the dictionary had failed you. Dictionaries, by their nature, describe how language is used, so will be descriptivist. But style guides, which describe how you should use it, are prescriptivist. If you intentionally use a meaning of a word like 'literally' that you know is ambiguous, you're ignoring the primary purpose of communication: making others understand you.  I completely disagree that creators of something don't get to choose it's pronunciation, it's like someone telling you you're pronouncing your own name wrong. People outside of Vietnam typically pronounce 'Nguyễn' differently to those within Vietnam. So does that mean the pronunciation in other countries, by virtue of being more popular, is right? No. Are NVIDIA wrong to tell us how to pronounce their name in their brand guidelines (which they do)? No. Names and brands aren't bound by the rules of the English language.
90's Kids: Let's just call it the "Pikachu balancing on a Pokeball" format.
That slide is contradicting itself by conceding gif is pronounced as gif.
You say gif, but I say gif. Agree to disagree.
I'm Asian and prior to learning about this debate, I've been reading gif as if it's an acronym. As in "G", "I", "F" from TGIF lolol
It's actually pronounced G.I.F, just like how the FBI and NSA isn't pronounced as fē-bi and nē-sah respectively.
The hard-G pronunciation makes practical sense:  .gif and .jif are _both_ file extensions used for pictures.  If I had to give technical advice to a graphics designer over the phone, and they needed to know which format was readable by a certain program...not distiguishing a .gif file from a .jif file might cost that designer their job.
I'm German I pronounced it GIF.
Tom, you got the brain part wrong. The brain doesn't look through each and every word similar to gif it remembers, rather it uses the correlations it has learned from its experiences to make a prediction. So it is not looking at the history of the words directly, but rather using the effects that the history has had on the structure of the brain.
To a Dutchman this  discussion is really silly..G's are are always pronounced as  "G"  never as "J" ...also in Ducth "Gif"  means Poison.
“j” was the last letter added to the alphabet, wasn’t it? So why use a legacy system like “sOfT g” when the newer technology has already taken care of this issue for us?
You are all wrong. It's pronounced gif.
I always just say it is an initialism, not an acronym for the sole reason of avoiding this debate. G.I.F.  The reason it should be an initialism is solely because no one can agree on how it would be pronounced as an acronym. Thank you for coming to my TED Talk.
removw e JIF pronounciation  from dictionary
I use "hard G" pronounciation because it' closer to my native language (Spanish), that's why my mind never associated that word with the sound "JIF" until I heard someone use it. Also, "GIF" looks a lot like "GIFT" without the T.
Jif is also an american peanut butter brand started in 1958, while GIF wasnt a standard until 1987, so every American is far more likely to say Gif with a hard "G", and it's also my argument for it's proper saying since we already had a word "jif"
i pronounce it as GIF and not JIF, for me its closer to GIFT but without the T obviously make up your own mind
And then Cif, Ulay & Daim entered this game.
Gif it is then 😅
It's hard G no questions asked. Jif is peanut butter.
It's deffinetly not jif. I mean gif stands for Graphics Interchange Format and you wouldn't pronoung Graphics jraphics now would you?
I just say vif.. With a hard v
Up next... Tabs vs Spaces
the djif pronunciation sounds more to ge ne va then the ghif which is closer to gi ft ..  so i go with GIF
This is too much hassle, I'll just switch to using webm
Why not G-I-F?
Plot twist it’s always been Gif
wow turns out laser is actually an acronym 😮😲
I am glad that Tom didn't run the risk of being run over by the descriptivist bus again.
It's gif... It's gonna be gif and always be gif
You already have Jif, why would you also pronounce Gif the same way? Fix your spelling pls.
This is why Czech is better than English. Czech always pronounces g as g. We use „dž“ to write the voiced palato-alveolar sibilant affricate dʒ
Stop fighting.... its GIF
JIF sounds weird ass
People who have to read the captions but can't listen. 🙄🤔😵
damn, you are getting *B O L D*
Hey, are we still arguing about Giraffecs Interchange Format in 2020? What a crazy time we live in.
Well played  :D  Of course, if I hear someone say "JIF" then I'm gonna piss on their keyboard....they probably also say "LIE-NUCKS" like a heathen bastard
GIF > JIF
The best pronunciation:  Yif uwu
I think what also plays the role in why the majority of voters said "gif" is that apart from english, G is pronounced as in "give" in way more languages, so many people didn't even think about "jif" when reading the word, since it doesn't even exist.
The correct answer is "there are zero English words or names that begin G-I-F that are pronounced 'jiff'".  Also there's already a JIFF file format.
I love GIF Peanut Butter
if you have to spell it "JIF" to make people pronounce it how you think it should be pronounced then your pronounciation is wrong
Well, in Poland it's red team because we have separate sign for blue team sound - dż or drz. So around 38 millions votes for red team
As a dutch person, I pronounce GIF as /χɪf/
/ɡʔdʒɪf/
Based on this argument that tom proposed at the end, I think we should do a study where a kid who has never heard or read the word GIF before, says the word. Then do that 100 more times and see what is more favored.
1:26 for laser to be pronounced with a short a, it would need double s after the a - lasser.
So am I the only one that pronounces it as G-I-F? As in Jee-Eye-Ef?
Gif is dead, long live png!
Since the peanut butter “Jif” is pronounced with a J, it would odd to pronounce “Gif” the same way
I wouldn't care if there wasn't already a peanut butter brand called Jif.
0:56 you sound like Ted from HIMYM.
I, for one, will always be here for Mike Rugnetta's "zhaif"
Fun fact: in Italy everyone pronounces if the soft way, because Italian phonetic rules dictate that a "g" followed by a "i" is soft.
I'll stick with G-I-F
Why are you G? :D
Can we just put the punctuation back in that acronyms are supposed to have and call it G.I.F. and stop this stupid bloody argument?
I say GIF as jiff because the G is followed by a vowel. *edit*....hmmmm that's a non-existent rule. anyway, I grew up saying jiff.
I like Idea Channel's "Zhaif". It's definitely incorrect, but since it's so obviously intentionally incorrect yet still retains its information, it avoids the argument entirely.
a bit disappointed, that it's 37 : 68 and not 37 : 69, tho. 🤔
It's gif as in George.
I did my own study about this where I looked up every single morpheme word that started with <gif>, specifically looking at /ɪ/ as well, and i got some interesting results. The words that used /g/ tended to be words from germanic origin, and the words that used /ʤ/ tended to come from French or Latin based words. I can't conclude anything from that, but it was just an interesting tidbit that i decided to share.
What did i just watch i had a stroke
I use soft g out of respect for the creator.  I don't have a problem with people saying hard g, but I do have a problem when people argue it is the only correct way of saying it.  The arguments they use could be applied to any english word to change the pronunciation.
You presented a lot of information, and I think you can go to hell. It's pronounced gif!
I suspect most people associated it with "gift" and say it that way because it's only one letter off. The people who say "Jif" probably had a lot of that brand of peanut butter as kids.
i've been using the JPEG comparison to shut down bad arguments about this for a while, glad to see i can just link people here instead
In English you have to use statistics just to figure out how to pronounce a word and even then you can't be sure. If this is not proof for how badly this language needs a major spelling reform, I do not know what is.  For those interested: in German (which has actual rules for pronunciation!) "gif" is most definitely and without any doubt pronounced with a hard g, like gift (funny tidbit: Gift, which is spoken the same way as the English word, is German for poison).
its pronounced groof
Sorry I don't speak wrong
2:30 Tom's slip-up
It's pronounced "web-em"
I usually say [d3if] but will on occasion use [gif]. I'm not sure if I have certain circumstances in which I use one over the other, but there must be one.
my name is gif
Imagine pronouncing it as GIF.      Made by GIF gang
There is a right way to say GIF - just as there's a right way to hang the toilet paper. And you know it.
Video's loading, but I have a feeling that the standard understanding of acronyms and their formation from the source words will not win out this time...
Y'all are wrong It's pronounced YIF
Looks like Tom is out of topics!
"It's a victory for the yiffers" God Tom, you have no idea what you just said there
The correct answer is gif
It's "gif", like the g in "gigantic". Easy.
i know
I'd like to see how it's pronounced in different languages, and do they have similar divide. At least in Finnish there is no "soft G" sound, so the choice is easy (at least in my mind), and I expect that the situation might be similar also for other languages.
unsurprisingly, being italian I used to read it as jif, it's the only reasonable way to read it in my language, but as I started to learn english and interact in english spaces I decided to adopt gif, but it's still weird to pronounce if I'm talking with other italians
ok
"It's a victory for the jiffers" Oh what an unfortunate choice of words
I've always said it the same way the inventor said it  IT IS JIF
Gif not jiff.
I thought it was pronounced "GIPH"
IT IS NOT PEANUT BUTTER!
The correct answer is Yes
It's GIF not GIF
I just... Can't bring myself to make it a homophone with something you put on pancakes. If someone says it with a soft g? I'm going to be expecting crepes served with lemon juice and sugar rather than what is probably an animated PNG these days. (So why do we even still have this debate does anyone even use the GIF file format and it's 256 colour limitation anymore?)
ITS GIF NOT JIF, IDC WHAT U SAY, IM RIGHT, YOUR ALL WRONG
It's gif. Why people be so dumb nowadays 🤔
Say it however you want, but Giphy making the claim that it's pronounced with hard "g" is the stupidest thing I've heard about the word yet. The site's literally called "jiffy" but they insist it's "giffy", and that much I cannot accept. Same goes for .gifv files.
oh, i thought we were talking about dot jee eye effs
Like the comment if you say GIF and dislike the comment if you say GIF.
As a Finnish person I find the word to be obvious and self-clarifying what comes to the pronounciation. Although, I also understand why English people would argue about the correct pronounciation.
I think the only thing that this proves is that written English is f**king terrible and is long overdue for an overhaul where there are better rules over the spelling of words!!!! No wonder its so bloody difficult to learn.
It’s pronounced jif.
No it's gif
"Gif Micro Liquid Where Are You?"
remember. GIF is Graphics Interchange Format. JIFF is peanut butter brand
And then you stumble upon "Gerard Nolst Trenité - The Chaos" and pronunciation turns into the "programmers vs. time zones" of linguists :-)
And the answer is behave like a descriptivist.
YIFF
i knew exactly how this vid would end. Tom just doesnt want to hurt anybody.
i just pronounce it however the way the person i’m currently talking to doesn’t
Ai äm German ai zäj Gif wiz a hart G
How helpful.
I'm german, where how you write and what it sounds like match and make sense. It's gif with a hard g. Everything is hard in german
Tfw you're from Italy and there's no debate because gi is always [dʒi] unless if followed by a vowel in which case it's just [dʒ]
It's gif
All my life i read it as just G-I-F
It's JIF fight me
Personally I say G-Jif.
I'm saying SCUHBA Diving from now on.
I'm personally on the GIF side of this argument
I think it's pronounced "yif" and no one can change that
I've always pronounced it (and all other filename extensions) as individual letters: G-I-F
i took this like how i took the pronunciation for letter z: i have been forced to learn that it's pronounced "zee", but i came to accept that " zey" or even "zed" are also correct (though deep inside me, i still fight for "zee")  i have been thought that it was pronounced "jif", also the i side with the creator of the word so there's that. but i also have accepted "gif" as the right one.
i pronounce it with a soft g because of the jif peanut butter brand, thats the only reason
I say GIF cause JIF sounds too close tp Yiff
I'm here in Tom Scott's comment section
It's much easier in French, "gi" is always pronounced with a soft G (ʒɪ)
Relax, guys, we just need to wait until all the "jif" people die and we're set.
this destroyed my life
What if God came down one day and said "It's pronounced 'Jod' then left?
But it's not a word. It's an acronym.
Interesting fact: in Russian it's pronounced with a hard G ONLY. I've never seen a russian who would say /dʒɪf/ instead of /ɡɪf/. I mean, everybody here says /ɡɪf/, there aren't even any debates on the topic.
It's pronounced like the 'g' in 'garage'!
i knew i was right! xD
its pronounced JIF. end of story.
nah fam the correct way to pronounce it is *GEE EYE EFF* so you dont piss anyone off
Choosy nerds choose GIF.
I usually pronounce it with a soft G out of habit, but if anyone corrects me, I make it a point to refuse to pronounce it any other way but "J-Eye-ff" around them. If getting it "wrong" pisses them off then I'll make it a point to be extra wrong around them. :-P
Generally I'd agree, but since we are talking about technical jargon, and the creator has specified a pronunciation, I don't see why it's a debate. It's like telling Tolkien that he's wrong on how to pronounce his made up languages. Also, see words like timbre. It's not pronounced how it looks, yet there is most certainly a correct pronunciation.  So, in my opinion, there is no debate. Only people who are wrong, and those who are "less wrong." I don't really feel like right is the, uh, right word, because it's not really a big deal, and I don't really give a crap.
I was right!
Honestly, anyone who really cares enough to 'correct' another person on how they pronounce it is an ass.  Thanks Tom for this breakdown.
In Spanish some prople pronounce it hiff
I say it with a hard G when speaking English and with a soft G when speaking Italian.
Why not just pronounce it gee-ai-eff and stop debating about this and move on to more important issues
I like that you tried to slip that “pronounce-iation” past us, but I caught it
GIF will always be said gif and not the dummy stupid lame-o way
Pronounce the "g" like the swedish city Göteborg, make everyone mad and uncomfortable.
Yip it's most definitely GIF 🤭
every day, we stray further away from Jod
Could someone finally explain me the correct pronunciation for SCSI? Es.Ci.Es.I or Scazy?
My native language is German so i read it as /ɡɪf/.
You people of fine english language, you think only your kind rules the world. The word GIF if kinda international and I think more non-english speakers say it GIF rather than JIF.  (Somebody should make a study out of this ...)
So if the majority is wrong, which I am satisfied about, then why is Linux still pronounce wrong by just about everyone?   Linus Torvalds made Linux.
Gif in a Jiffy
I'll propose this again...let's eliminate the "soft g" entirely from the English language. If it sounds like a "J", it uses J. If it sounds like a "G", it uses G. People with G names get a choice of changing the spelling of their name, or changing the pronunciation. Then it won't matter what the creator of a word thinks. If they want it pronounced a certain way, they can spell it as such.  (Obviously it's pronounced "GIF" not "JIF")
Perfect
also, pronouncing it "jif" makes just another homophone, and we already have too many of those.
So many arguing between gif and jif and im here pronouncing it jee ay ef
I have been pronouncing it with a hard G for 33 years and I am not about to change now. Frankly, I had never heard any native English speakers use a soft G (J) sound until a few years ago, so they are obviously wrong ;).
ii don't jive a damn. its Guh IF .. GIF
Can you call these entries part of a "Word Wars" series? Also, Dayta or Dahta?
juys, you should really listen to jretchens podcast! they are jreat!
Italians: G I F "Where's the H?"
Tom Scott's videos keep teaching not what I want to know... but need to.
In the netherlands we say gif with the g in your troat
How did Tom know I was thinking about gillingham and gillingham when I saw gif
I thought GIF was pronounced like GIF. Turns out it's actually pronounced GIF.
To paraphrase xkcd, the G is silent
0:23 *It’s pronounced “jif” not “gif”* Absolutely brilliant 😂😂
This coming for the guy who says pro-"now"-ciation pro-"nun"-ciation /s
The correct pronunciation is moving picture
so, djif?
I'm still going to call it gif
Next do scone and scon.
My mother tongue is luxembourgish, very close to German and Dutch, so it's more in line to pronounce it gif. I wonder how many other non-english native speakers also prefer gif over jif.  Moreso, in order to explain "jif", you have to write jif.... which is not gif. One more point to gif.
Agreed it's definitely GIF
Jif is an American peanut butter company, so for Americans it probably doesn’t sound right to pronounce gif like jif.
Um, actually, it's pronounced "heef."
It has to be pronounced GIF because there's another file extension called .JIF and the pronunciation for GIF has to be different.
I think the best thing to do is pronounce each letter individually like G I F
I always pronounced it GIF and dont know anyone who pronounced it GIF.
Color or Colour ? Gray or Grey ? Vote
Dot Gee Aye Eff
Its actually pronounced: mMm
In portuguese, G always sounds like J if it isn't accompanied by a U and I immediately read as GIF anyways
I always used hard G as in gift until that webby awards acceptance and I trained myself to switch to the "jif" as in gin.
This has been today's edition of "English is F*cked AF"
Me who pronounced it as ji-ay-ef: 👁️👄👁️
It's sad when the person who created something has to argue for that name. I think of it like a name... like "Aaron" XD
My name's gif!
I use both version actually. When I'm speaking English I say "jif" and when I speak German I say "gif".
I think it's a sharp g. Most people say it that way and language changes. So as 30% say its the other one both are equally correct, but gif with a sharp g is... more equal
A lot of internet users aren't native English speakers, so it's natural, that [gif] won, it's the way we read it.
Im Dutch, so I can just say gif with a hard g like you do when you’ve got something stuck in your throat. Always escaped the debate so far 🤪
According to Firefox and some furries on Twitter, it’s pronounced “yif”
It’s jif
All of this would not happen if english is not such a moronic language..
Could we just rename it to  "IF" problem solved
I say it both ways.
In french the letter g is pronounced "j" whenever it's next to the vowels e and i, and is pronounced "g" next to the rest of the vowels. So this is all pointless for me
You could always go with the PBS Idea Channel pronunciation: “zhyph”
Imagine God came down and just said...its pronounced Jod.
I personally like to call them "short heavily indiscreet talkie"
I thought Tom was on my side and then I realised...
Moral of the story:  It's pronounced GIF
Proposition:  "if" the G is silent.
Ok now do gib VS gib
Well I'm living in a land of pure bliss, namely Germany. We call it gif.
Aha we win! GIF IT IS, pronounced JIF
Sorry, if the inventor says it's gif, then it's gif, not gif. Gif wins.
So it's okay if i call it GIF, thanks!!
0:27 this guy murdered himself with that slide
In all seriousness tho, i think "graphical" being pronounced with a "g" instead of a "j" is a good enought reason for it being pronounced that way.
God, English pronunciation is such a mess, I still love it though
I clean with Jif, I upload Gifs.  Its all hyperbole, or hyper bowl.....
It is JIF. I don’t understand why you would argue with the creator.
In Dutch this difference even has a regional twist. In the south the 'g' is pronouced as a 'soft g' (een zachte g [gé]. In the north a 'hard g'. And than there is of course the 'ch'... in Dutch usually also pronounced as 'g'. Nice video, thank you.
JIF (JPEG Interchange Format) is pronounced JIF,  that's why I prefer the more widely used pronunciation of GIF over JIF.
This made me jijjle
I don't get why the format still exists. Animated PNG does exist...
Imagine not having a phonetic language as your mother tongue
I say "gif", because in my language, "jif" is written as dzsif. (:
But in old english, its pronounced 'yiff'...
You also need to consider that English is an international language, specially on the internet where GIFs are used. For me, as a non native English speaker, reading GIF as in 'gift' comes more natural, and so that's how I, and everyone around me, pronounce it. Maybe you could look a bit more into that.
Here in Argentina (spanish) almost everyone pronounces it like the 70% mentioned in the video, even though it is not like that how you would read it in spanish (for that, it would have to be written as "guif"). That's weird, because it kind of contradicts what is mentioned at the end of the video.
You have provoked a Gangwar.
I say G-I-F, that is, each character separately.
No-one cares, who said what, majority agree its gif with soft G not J
I think the most telling thing to say it's a hard G: to clarify you mean to pronounce it the other way, you have to spell it wrong.
I pronounce it jīf, just to make sure no one is happy.
Bruh people who say jif just want to be extra
Okay with that settled, is gigabyte pronounced gigabyte aur jigabyte
I try to say gif but i really want to say jif.
Ahh yes, choosy Toms choose /d3ɪf/.
Here's the breakdown gif is the type of image Jif is peanut butter
it's pronounced yiff
Jeff
I abstain from using any words that start with the letter G in order to avoid conflict.
what even is gif?
all would be clear if english had properly working alphabet
I didn't need to know about Gillingham and Gillingham. I could've lived fine where I don't know about this fact.  Now my life is ruined forever.
***Laughs in Serbian where every letter is assigned to a single vocal
It's pronounced "Jennifer"
I saw “giraffe” and contracted from there..
Maybe agree on jee-i-ef
How do you pronounce "gimp"?     Checkmate atheists.
Lmao imagine pronouncing it GIF instead of GIF
*Which Side Are You ?*     *GIF     or     GIF*
Zhaif for lyfe
gee eye eff
Giraffe
It's easier to say 'jif' instead of 'gif'. Yall are extra
Maybe we should rename it to something more universal! Like NGIF. NG, as in "king".  "Nicer Graphics Interchange Format". Sounds fair!
What about the folk that say Mysequel instead of My Ess Que Ell :( what makes people say Mysequel
"gift" literally contains the word. It can't get more obvious than that
English pronunciations are so arbitrary that, yes, the person who invents a word DOES get to decide how it's pronounced. Is there any logical reason for the difference in how "ood" is pronounced in "food" and "good"? No. It was literally just arbitrarily decided that was how those words were going to be pronounced. So if the creator of GIF decides it's pronounced like "JIF", that is literally the only qualifier you need. It's "JIF", end of story. You don't get the to change it just because you disagree. It may seem stupid, but this is something that makes English stand out from other languages and why English has limitless possibilities for possible phonetics.
Oh, gust jiv it up!
I'm sorry Tom, more acronym tear down please.  I know your name is a name, meant to be a singular pronunciation and not letter wise and normally read with a starting ⟨th⟩.  So seeing T, O, M does not automatically translate to Tee-Ohm.  Seeing and knowing G, I, F is not a word, that it is an acronym of three letters then the go to start is just saying the letters individually out loud then running them together: Gee, I, Ef. /ˈdʒiː/ /aɪ/ /ˈɛf/ sounds wrong, /ˈdʒiː/ /iː/  /ˈɛf/ now that sounds about right.
"Jee-Eye-Eff".  I always saw it as an acronym and most acronyms I pronounce each letter. Not all the time but that's why I pronounce each letter.
Omg I feel like I am obligated to feel thankful to you and I am not mad about it
Everyone knows it's YIFF
I say gif (jif). Always have. hard g sounds harsh and incorrect to my ears
It's pronounced Jeff, my name is Jeff
If gift is gift, then gif is gif.  Simple as that.
them: Dzif, Gif me: Jee Ay Ef
Considering GI followed by an F is in a starting position it should by default use the same pronunciation as the word gift. The only way where I can see it be pronounced with J is if the three letters are part of a longer word where they are not in the starting position.
It's pronounced GIF. End of story.
In Dutch there is already a word gif which means poison. So the abbreviation for Graphics Interchange Format is pronounced the same as that word. 😊
No, its jeff for sure 100%
what's about Stargate Atlantis where McKay says ZPM like Z(et)PM not C-PM like the most other Charakters. Can this really be because McKay is Canadian and not American ?
The slide at 0:29 is exactly the reason why it is pronounced with a hard G
Honestly the thing that blew my mind most in this video is the fact that laser and scuba have been acronyms this whole time.
Well I do pronounce it as G.I.F LMAO XD
GIF for sure
It is what it issssssss...    and that is GIF not JIF
I can't and I won't say that djif is wrong. But I can and I WILL say that it sounds ridiculous 😅
It’s with a soft g like gin
If you say Jif then you better be praying to Jod and using a jun to shoot a flock of jeese
I'm a German native speaker, where it most definitely is "GIF". But then I think how you would pronounce it in English. So I say "Jif".
I don't care if its pronounced GIF or JIF, but it does anger me when people call a video clip a "gif". Stop it. Those are videos, not gifs.
gif.
peanut butter
I cannot possibly be the only one that says it like an acronym gee-ai-ef
"Dgin" should be "Gin"
I've always pronounced it GIF. Never GIF. And I'm definitely sure that's 100% the correct way to pronounce it.
Am I the only person who pronounce g/i/f???
It's GIF not GIF, stupid.
jif gang rise up
We can all agree here that it's pronounced gif
It's gif, not gif!
This feels too complex for something so trivial, but i guess thats the point
GIF is for animated pictures, JIF is for peanut butter.  Change my mind.
I think it’s Jeff.  If you disagree, you’re wrong.
Let's just pronounce it as "jee ai eff"
Both wrong, I pronounce it gif.
*Odin is with us*
The title: No need to thank me
It's actually pronounced /gʒif/.
It’s like the G in GIGANTIC.
Its GIF because jif is spray and wipe
it's pronounced jif, not gif lmao
ADCs.
Hard G simply because Jif is the old name for a brand of bleach in the UK (now called cif... which could also be pronounded siff and kiff I guess, I say the former fwiw).
My name's gif
ew scuwba
It's G.I.F
[dʒ]raphicartists love GIF
It is pronounced "gif" as in "gigantic".
I pronounce it with a hard-g, but I also pronounce graphics "jgraphics."
You can also take into account the hardness of the consonant following the 'i'. In "gin" and "gigantic" it's followed by softer consonants where as "give" and "gift" are followed by hard consonants (since the 'f' and 't' are pronounced in the same breath, I'm saying the 'ft' sound is hard, not the f). An 'f' is definitely is a soft vowel, so it must be pronounced "gif" not "ghiff".
To summarize this video in one sentence: The English language is a broken language..
Maybe I’ll just start calling it “GEEF” just so I’m obviously wrong
Im not Jillman, Im Gillman
People are still arguing about the pronunciation of an obsolete image format? Just use PiNG like the rest of the world.  Or is it pronounced PoNG?
Descriptivism is one of those things that corrupt  academic  people invent to promote their otherwise failed careers. Entropy is hailed as progress.
Tom is a GIFfer! Get the pitchforks!
Only gays say JIF.
I think the existence of furries made pronouncing it as yiff to unconformable to use, hard G won.
Gif sounds too much like gift. Also, "Jif" won in this video.
ZHAIF 4 LAIF
I actually pronounce gif as gif rather than gif because gif is more correct than gif /s
I'm slightly dyslexic and I find linguistics very interesting, are there any studies in to how it affects people with things like this?
I've always pronounced it like (j-I-f) with the I sound being like it is in the word "Hi"
The correct answer, of course, is "Yiff".
English's pronunciations are sometimes weird! But hey not every language is perfect.
Isn't it also about the origin of the word that decides how it should be pronounced? For example in French, "gi" would be pronunced "ji", whereas "ga" would be pronunced with the g sound. That is why the French word "girafe" is pronouced like "jirafe", which is why also the English word is now pronounced this way. In contrast, Germanic words don't follow this rule, e.g., "gift". "gif" originated in English, therefore it should be compared to other English-origin "gi..." words, not to those that originated in another language (French, Spanish, Latin, ...).
I've always pronounced it gif
Oh I am so very glad to see one of these. Thank you Tom!
I see you've declared war
I just say gjgj-if or jgjg-if (so I don’t piss off either pronunciations)
Indeed it is spelled GIF.
"God himself could come down and say its jif and I would say: ok jod" -anonymous
The fact that the pronunciation was deliberately chosen to mirror that of Jif peanut butter in order to spoof their commercials ("Choosy developers choose GIF") is the clincher for me. In general, I do defer to the people who come up with words when it is clear cut, especially if there is a specific purpose behind them. It certainly helps that I'm old enough, and nerdy enough, to appreciate the joke.
English is really a bad language to determine anything in.  We have too many words that break the rules.
Gif or Jif. The only wrong answer is to obsess over which one it is.
Spanish be like *h i f*
Wait, who spells Jill with a G?
The only acceptable pronounciation is "zhaif" obviously
Djyfe for lyfe!
It's with a hard G. End of story.   GIF is a worldwide phenomenon and most languages don't have that soft G nonsense.
Comon guys it is *g* i f
Please. Never call them jiffers again. I hate it.
very of the not confusing yes
If you tell me you need Jif, I'll assume you want peanut butter.
"gee-eye-eff" or "graphical interchange format"
I thought they'd changed it to 'CIF'. Or is that just the floor cleaner...
Who else just switches between the two pronunciations at random?
I think the other issue stems from a popular peanut butter brand in America called Jiff which is pronounced the "proper way you're supposed to pronounce GIF says the creator of it"
2:40 gesturing in the wrong direction the two meanings of Gill (more precisely, the post-production animation should have put gib/gin on the left, and gift/git/give on the right so gill/gill would be with their correct groups).
Kind of odd to compare it to words that contain or start with "GI" and not words that start with "GIF."  How do we pronounce that particular combination of letters at the start of a word?  There's your answer.
It's pronounced "yiff" ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I will continue to call it gif because it's gif
Gus and Gavin are having a stroke while Burnie Burns is just laughing in the background throughout this whole video let's be fair
Isn't the reason for language to be understood, so no matter which way you say it most people will understand you anyway.  So why spend so much time arguing over someone else having different opinion than you?
well, what about G I F? it's an acronym, after all
It's Gif not Gif
it's hard G, and if you think otherwise then you are objectively incorrect.
Lets give Tom the award for starting the most fights among people with such videos!
God dammit its gif not jjf
Wow! I agree that the word is pronounced gif instead of gif
Okay, so it's pronounced "gif".  Now may we discuss SQL?
no nope wait hold up   gillingham and gillingham???
I pronounce it both ways
the pinned comment was written a month ago and this video isn't even an hour old when I'm writing this
To turn your argument around, the creator of a word has the final say in how it's pronounced. And just because the public doesn't like it doesn't mean pronouncing it with a G is correct.
Dumb humans.
LASER is pronounced like that in spanish 😎
So the definitive answer we can all agree on is it's pronounced Gif, as in Gillingham.
MySQL official camp: "It's always pronounced 'My-S-Q-L'" Half of MySQL videos including its own developers: "So, if we look at MySequel..."
I just spell it out when i say it to avoid the stupid argument
J-ife
Well well well
My name gif
I’m taking Mike Rugnetta’s side on this:  Zhyfe.
I used to pronounce it "jif" but recently I've gotten on the "gif" with a hard g train
JiFf
I use either one to delightful (for me) annoyance of both sides...
Thanks for adding up the “gi” words for us.  I recently came across the gif argument so I tried to tally the words for each team but gave up because the number of words exceeded my interest.  I was only a little curious, not THAT curious. Good to know others think the same way.
I prefer DGIF, the d is silent.
What about Zhaif?
I used to think it was short for gift because they were little boxes full of joy
Who in their right mind would say GIF?  It's clearly GIF not GIF.
your channel is a big joke that isnt supposed to have a meaning
I call it  G           I            F
Personally I pronounce it as gif.
This been going on as long as the argument about disk and disc
Someone please make a clip , with the Ugandan presenter saying "why are you" and tom saying "geh"
laser isn't pronounced lahser... spanish: am I a joke to you?
It pronounced as” I don’t give a freak” guys!!...          It’s gif not jif.
wow, I didn't pay attention in English
Gif is pronounced Ghyfe. Solved.
Yiff
I pronounce it the Dutch way: xɪf
Literally nobody gave 2 shits until some mf language expert decided to ruin the fun
G-I-F
It's pronounced "GIF". End of story.
Did you consider the whole sequence of gi and an f like sound, to include words with v, hence gif-t and giv-e, i know that's not how you would separate give since it's a single syllable?
The negative comments are from people that know they pronounce it wrong, but they keep doing it to be difficult.
On my list of things to care about, the pronunciation of GIF is right next to the optimal arrangement of a sock drawer and knowing whether lips and nipples are made of the same type of skin.  However, I did enjoy the video.
i pronounce it fig
It's pronounced gif not gif
That's why they say that englis is not a language, it's three languages wearing a trench coat, pretending to be one.
Jif
I call it G. I. F
The creator is wrong
Oh no, Tom was hit by the descriptivist mafia bus again.
Jif Lemon - Argument settled!
I've always just pronounced it by saying the words in the acronym
Unsubscribed.
That's why I speak G I F
Don't forget that many that saw it before they heard it were non-english natives. Depending on their language, they would interpret it in different ways. In Swedish we also have a hard and a soft G, but the soft G is more of an english "y". I've never heard anyone use the soft G in Sweden, even if many words that start with gi- are pronounced as such (gilla, givmild etc), I'm not sure why.
And then there's me, a couple of people, and that guy who apparently can pronounce every english word who call it "G. I. F."
1:28 Yes they are. Sincerely, Finnish
I actually never heard how to pronounce git as a kid (thanks Harry Potter books) and assumed it used a j sound. Same thing for gif, except I can continue pronouncing it the way I find fits best, as it is an acceptable pronunciation.
I just prononce the latter indivisually, gee ai ef.
Descriptivism ftw
What if people starts to pronounce "Gay" as "Jay"?
As a German, we don't have words (as far as I am aware), that start with a "g" and are not pronounced with a "g", so I am firmly in the "gif" not "jif" camp.
The problem with allowing the most common pronunciation to prevail, is that the notion presupposes all users of a language are about equal in their ability to generate plausible usage. If this premise is false, then a majority of users can conceivably employ a usage or pronunciation which is simply not colorable. Where that occurs, remains a valid role for scholarship.
I see the problem, there are 6 words.
ITS GIF.
Am I the only one that pronounces it by letter? like G.I.F.
I just couldn't care less about this subject. But Tom is so good I watched until the very end.
it's /ʒaɪf/    I miss the PBS idea channel :(
The way something is changed or added to the dictionary is by the popular usage of a word, so Gif with a hard G sound wins
For the final time ... its pronounced GIF!!!! xDDDDD
i've always pronounced it how it looks (gif)
It's pronounced so it sounds the least like yiff
It's gif (with a j) and you're wrong if you think otherwise
Ok but you haven't answered if the moon is made out of cheese or not
Same goes for Octopodes (the correct plural), whereas because Octopi and Octopusses have been used in the English lexicon so much they have made it into the dictionary as a correct form of more than one octopus.
Almost as stupid as calling AT-AT's at ats As in the word 'at' twice and the second is plural... Thats just plain stupid and I won't stand for it
My brain always pronounces it g-jif. The way I say it depends who I'm with.
...I just can't believe that there are two english towns whose names are written in the exact same way, and yet they are pronounced differently.
_Graphics_ Interchange Format
Good thing I'm German so I feel no conflict whatsoever when I pronounce it /ɡɪf/.
“Thank you so much for this jift!”
WRONG. It's OBVIOUSLY pronounced GIF.
Day ??? of telling the inventor that he's wrong
Jrafical Image Format.  Get lost.
I think we connect the pronunciation of a new word to that of a known word that shares the most common letters in the same order, which for "gif" is "gift". It is not just about the consonant and its immediately following vowel.
TBH, I just call it gif
The level of research, media coverage and the amount of people who give a damn tells me this may be one of the hardest nerd battles ever.
I say it with a hard G because "gif" reminds me of the word "gift" :)
I just see G-IF
In portuguese we don't have that problemem. "Gi" always sounds like J. To change to the other sound you have "gui", and the "u" is not pronounced. But now we have the problem to distinguish when the "u" must be pronounced. We used to write "güi" when the "u" must make a sound, but the last ortographic reform killed it, so now we have ambiguity on the "gui".
It's actually pronounced as "yiff"
We all know that the G is silent.
Aah yes YouTube recommends me a new video this is what i really need.
G-I-F
when you go to heaven and God opens the gates - "thank you, Jod" you say. you then get sent straight to hell
I think the case is rested when one side of the debate writes another word to illustrate their pronounciation.
This is the only important question that the American public could answer during this season
In spanish it should be pronounced hiff, but as an anglicism most people opt for Guif, no one ever says jif, but the debate stands. Do we use the spanish pronunciation or the "correct" english one?   Nobody knows, but as a bilingual person who uses that word in english more often than not, I can't pronounce it as hiff or jiff no matter how hard I try.
It's gif, shut up about it
If you're wondering about the timestamp of the pinned comment, it's at 2:32
I pronounce G.I.F....
Potato potato 🥔... Right.
If some day I ever make a file type I WILL name it ".Jif" just to settle this
There will be physical wars over this, possibly World War G (pronounced either 'gee' or 'juh' depending on the side)
I just pronounced it like the dutch word for poison: gif, the 'g' is pronounced the dutch way
gif/jif aside, i feel dumb cause i dont know laser is an acronym
i pronounce it [xɪf], wich is the dutch word for poisen, it uses the dutch G wich most non dutch people can't really pronounce
Wow the pronunciation of 99%  south Korean's (dʒi:aɪéf) was totally wrong!  So should I be pronouncing this [gif] from now on?
jokes on you in Turkish g is always g
English is not really a language suited for arguing pronounciation.
I always pronounced it as “jif” until some friends in my media class told me it should be “gif” like “gift”. Then I found out the creator actually pronounced it the way I originally did. I still pronounce it like “gif” now because it’s the more commonly recognized pronunciation, which as you state in the video, is how we determine the “correct” pronunciation of words.
I think its gif not gif but ok
JIF is a peanut butter. GIF is the only correct answer.
I blame Jif Peanut Butter and the car maintainence chain Jiffy Lube for me pronouncing it as "GIF" not "Jif"
Where my Tom Scott shitposters at?
Where I live Jif is a brand of cleaning products. There's probably no actual risk of getting the two confused but it's still nice to have them pronounced differently.
Also consiider all the non english speakers and their pronounciation of the g^^
its my birthday!
Not the hero we deserve but the one we need right now!
Jif? Like the peanut butter?
Gretchen McCulloch, not Jretchen
I like to say GIF (like "gift") because that's how it would be pronounced in German.
Its *GIF* you FOOLS
Its GIF Jif is a cleaning brand
1:53 hi that's me.
I pronounce it as GIF because i am used to it....
please explain why NG pronounced ng
I say jif because it annoys a certain kind of nerd
That's one of the few moments where I can be proud as a german.  When a german pronouces GIF it's simply GIF. We don't have the JIF problem 😅
*Laughs in Dutch with a "harde G"*
THANK YOU!!!!! I’ve been saying it’s pronounced GIF for years.
Why werent you on mrbeasts show?
people who pronounce it jif will be punished by jod
Tom Tom Tom how can you say “pronounciation” while (whilst) discussing descriptivism? Very meta or very karmic...
Alright guys, it's settled it's pronounced "my co-author gretchen mcculloch has a great podcast called"
I say the letters out loud. Am I alone?
So 'scuba' is an acronym...  Sheesh 😳
That asbestos town you went to voted to change their name
I mean it's clearly 'yif' because the Anglo-Saxon word 'gif' (meaning 'if') was pronounced like that /lh
I've seen this video before today. Is that possible?
I read the title:  "It’s pronounced GIF."  "Oh hey, so Tom is on my side"  ...oh wait
I've always said GIF.
"You learn new things everyday" Apparently I learned that laser and scuba are shortned versions 1:27
Oh yes... jiff. Jiraffics Interchange Format.
I would be interested in finding out which words have the most divisive pronunciations
Imagine not knowing how to pronounce a word based on how it's written.  This comment was made by phonetically consistent languages
Really want peanut butter now.  - American
LMAOOOO I heard "It's a victory for the yiffers" 2:00
Even the creator himself used "gif" to represent the variation without the "giraffe" sound. So i reckon its gif, with a soft g sound like in guitar.
actually, it's zhaif
I think it might be worth mentioning that "Jif" is a popular brand of peanut butter in parts of the world, and it's pronounced exactly how you'd expect it to be.  There are also phrases like "in a jiff" or "jiffy".   In my opinion, it feels weird to pronounce "GIF" as "jif" because of that. That pronunciation already exists, whereas "gif" is brand new.  Obviously, there are countless words that are pronounced the same with different spellings, but I feel like nobody ever talks about "Jif" in any of these discussions.
2:30 "Unless you're very young [...] your brain instantly tries to match them to words you already know. [...] GIN"  A little insight to growing up in the Scott household...
I prefer g'if
Just because there's a most common way to pronounce a word doesn't mean that you have to use it.  A lot of words are pronounced in a variety of ways, and most of the time we don't even notice (notably because of allophones, but also for other reasons such as context or focalization effects). Some words are pronounced in different ways depending on your region, your age, your profession etc.  And anyway, the fact that both pronounciations are acceptable in English (even with a 70% dominance of one) probably means that both are good. What's interesting is that it's mostly people working with computers who are very opinoned about things like "gif". I believe it tells us something about how the "computer jargon" works. It's not really unlike how linguists used to be like when they were still called grammarians.
ZHAIF 4 LAIF BABY
The author saying is "jif" and not "gif" is actually really funny, kind of a paradox
English is v.bad language. Do=Duu To=Tuu Go=Goh why not Guu?
I hate when people say "GIF' It's clearly GIF ya dumbos
I read it as G I F for safety
In my language there is only one way to pronounce a word
I am waiting for the war in the comments which is stupid I should get out of here as fast as possible
What if we call it G.I.F as it is an abbreviation.
jif sayers be like GRRRRRRR
I was on the side saying "it's graphics interchange format", but Tom's examples convinced me to drop that argument. I'm still gonna use the soft g, cause that's how momma raised me.
People: "Gif" or "Jif"?     Meanwhile, furries: *"Yiff"*
Imma just go with gif because that's how it's in my mother language. We have none of this jif nonsense... unless they're inundated with Finglish, which is, sadly, occasionally the case.
I pronounce it G-I-F
I had always said it as jog.
Teenage me always pronounced it with the hard 'g' because it was capitalised 🤷🏼‍♂️ Just seemed like it should have its letters pronounced the way you would say their capital counterparts.
It's pronounced "it's a terrible format and we should stop using it anyway".
it's pronounced GIF with a hard dutch G.
Cthulhu: seethooloo or kathooloo
Zhaif for Laif!
Jif sounds like a lemon to me ;)
It's actually pronounced yiff.
It's GIF not GIFF
I think more people say GIF with a G, because make more sense for non native speakers. They read the word how it is written(me included)
Any Brits remember the advert from about 2000 for newly-renamed Cif cleaning product with Europeans trying and failing to pronounce 'Jif' (the old name in the UK)?
It's clearly GIF with a hard G
Loved this video :)
Third option here, with the <G> that is written like [x] or [χ] in IPA. For English speakers: it's how a Scotsman pronounces the <ch> in Loch Ness (you know, the one that is similar to the scraping sound a sailor makes at the back of throat just before spitting on the floor). That's how the majority of people in my country pronounce Gif anyways.
I honestly don't care much about how it's pronounced, because I'm too busy arguing instead that GIF is a dated format that should have been succeeded long ago
Next up, it not jaypeg its gaypeg
Yiff yiff :3
jeef
It's Gif not Jif  end of I have Spoken!
I'm gonna say _guyunt_ for anything extraordinarily large, starting today.
I pronounce it MAGA
JIF is a cleaning liquid. GIF is not that.
Joddammit!
The letter "J": Am I a joke to you?
We all know deep inside it's a type of file format so you pronounce the letters like ".JPG" Because no one says (jdge-puh-guh)
I asked Google and it said... Do I look like Joogle to you? It's Google.
When you ask Google Hey google is it pronounced Gif or gif ?  Answer: It is pronounced as gif  Hey google what does G-I-F stand for?  Answer: Gif stands for Graphics Interchange Format.
It seems that the end of the clip was cut of in editing not reviling how the word is pronounced. You should re-upload Tom. Please take a stand.
I pronounce it "obsolete" - use animated PNG instead.  Up yours Steve! 😝
There is no J so it is pronounced GIF
For some reason I think if it were spelt "GIFF" I would pronounce it "JIF" but without an extra "F" it's "GIF"
Is it bad that Toms subscriber level is just too high to be Pi?
team gif all the way
There is a precedent, unfortunately. In old English, there was a word "gif" but the "g" was pronounced as a "y". It's pronounced yiff. You're welcome.
The correct answer is of course to not argue to begin with... Who cares if it is pronounced Gif or Gif...
Graphics Interchange FormaT == GIFT, but we drop the T.  An no-one says JIFT.  Simple ;)   Also, JIF was a cleaning product, so it can't be that. There' I've solved it.
I still switch between both even mid-sentence
Its Gif.
It's a sad day. Tom Scott was assassinated on the day of the Gif Jif Treaty
Yee
Wow, I can't believe 70% of people are still pronouncing it wrong..
My friend pronounces it "Jife"
No one searched for this, right ?
It's pronounced /juɹɪnæshol/
I say it like the “g” in “garage”
I m on the JIF train. Wait.. That's JPEG Interchange Format 😜
I always find it confusing when people say "Hard G", because I have always felt the G in Gin to be harder than the G in Gall Bladder, but I'm sure I've heard the opposite described at some point. Can we use a better descriptor, like the G with high frequencies and the G with only low frequencies.
Here's my argument: If it's pronounced "jif", how would you spell the phoneme "gif"?
Jraphics interchange format
For me it was easy. In the Dutch language you can only pronounce Gif with a hard Dutch 'G'. Which most closely resembles the hard english 'g' used to pronounce it in the most popular way.
I don't ask Hard-G ghiffers to change the way they pronounce the word, just that they accept Soft-G gif as an acceptable alternative pronunciation. But NO, they need to be right and I need to be wrong!
[Insert Jim Carry 'Oh, come on!' GIF (/gif) here]
Yes I agree it's gif
I go with the hard g so people don't confuse it for peanut butter
Zhaif for laif
I think my brain went to the hard G because the pronunciation "jif" was already spelled in my brain as "Jif"... due to the peanut butter. I'm not saying it's the only reason, but it in part had to do with the other seat being already occupied.  Also, I'm disappointed the word wasn't pronounced psycholinjuistics. ;)  Anywho, off to fight with people on how "drow" is pronounced.
It's pronounced "hif"
I always knew it was GIF all along. p.s great presentation
You're all wrong, it's gif
I think it's funny that we're having this arguement over the pronunciation of a letter of the alphabet that is pronounced "jee".
I feel like gif is more international and "jif" is more exclusive to english
definitely "GIF"
I was always a fan of Mike Rugnetta's [ʒaif]
I alternate between ghif and jif because I'm a cowboy, I like to sow chaos and/or I'm indecisive.
Smh... it’s gif, not gif 🙄
i say gjiff to piss off everyone
Tom, I think a lot of it has to do with Americans and the popular peanut butter brand Jif. People don't like calling a GIF that since it sounds like a peanut butter.
English is such a stupid language you guys can't even define how to read a word.
Sure, it's spelled gif, but it's actually pronounced throat wobbler mangrove.
I always say it as GIF, but in my mind I thought it was like: "I'll do it in a JIFfy"
I propose we drop the G and just call them "ifs". Problem solved!
It's Nikolaj
Maybe if we let this outdated format die then it wouldn’t be such a big problem
2:31 Tom is on our side
This is a hill that I will fight and die on, it is pronounced GIF
I can't be the only one who just spells out g i f ,instead of gif.
If you can describe the pronunciation of one with another spelling then why would you chose that one and not the one that can only be spelled the way the actual word is spelled?
it becomes even more interesting, if you are not an nativ English speaking person
One thing I think we can all agree on is that at the end of the video neither pronunciation sounds real
Gif for sure.
Ma name gif
it's gif, people who pronounce it as gif is an idiot.
It's pronounced JFEG!
Did I just lost 2 brain cells or gained 2 brain cells
It's pronounced GIF, not GIF.
You're saying GIF wrong
g being pronounced as j and c being pronounced as s should be eliminated from the english language because they're redundant.
1:26 Well...in polish we pronounce it like lass-uhr I guess other Slavic languages too.
Humans are stupid anyways.  "Dartmouth" is pronounced "Dartmoth", "Gower" is pronounced "Go-er", etc...
0:23 and that's pronounced "GAF"
Idk, I just call it jee eye eff
I just use whichever one the person I'm talking to doesn't use if I want to annoy them. But Giraffics Interchange Format FTW
/zhaif/ to /laif/
I do yif with a soft j
Is this a reupload. Somehow I feel like I have seen you talk about this in some other video a few years ago
Just pronounce it the Dutch way, /ɣɪf/. Problem solved.
I say gif, is that weird?
It’s supposed to be a peanut butter pun! “Choosy programmers choose gif.” Like that old Jif commercial. XD
I am ESL so i see g as j as abomination like the rest of english language.
If you factor in other languages with latin alphabet like french, /dʒif/ becomes more of an international consensus.
Does anyone else pronounce it as  G I F (Gee, Eye, Eff) Saying the letters?
I simply call  is G-I-F  End of Story
Its pronounced gif.
It's pronounced g-eye-f , obviously
I was today years old when I learned that scuba was an acronym
Team /g/
its pronounced ghoti
It was only a matter of time
Not today, descriptivist bus.
Yes, but is it dune or dunc?
Before i interacted with the English language i intentionally used to pronounce it with a hard G, since that is how you would in German. But ever since I've been on the Internet "jif" started to grow on me.   The explanation at the end really has something.
This debate's never going to end  Let's just gif up
I reckon it works like the "i before e except after c" rule, given that the most common words follow it, rather than the majority. More commonly used words in the g+vowel+consonant format are closer to gif than jif
Tom Scott has spoken, it is GIF
my name gif
Wait, do people actually not pronounce it “guyf” My entire family is a lie. Even my grandfather, who worked on the original train.
I’ve always liked the proposed pronunciation ‘yif’. It pisses everyone off and gets some very fun reactions out of those individuals who have been exposed to certain parts of the internet.
Huh, I genuinely didn't know Scuba stood for something until now.
It's pronounced like the g in garage, end of story.
I used to call it G I F JEEEEE  AIIIIIIII FFFFFFF
I still unironically use /ʒaɪf/ and I blame Mike Rugnetta and PBS Idea Channel for that.
gif is venom in my language so i just said that
As a descriptivist I'm ok with however you want to pronounce it but as a "jif" person thanks for refuting the "it's not jraphical interchange format!" argument, I've always been frustrated by people who smugly say that and act like there's no room for discussion after that
Imma help you out here Tom, it's - гиф .
wonder if there was any study on non english speakers pronouncing it with a hard G just from reading it
Ever heard of something called a "Dialect"?
Some things are unknowable and so we have to have the humility to accept that only Jod knows the answer to that question.
It's the g in gigantic
Thanks Tom
1:24 Tom: "In the same way, laser isn't pronounced _LASER_ " Me, who happens to speak phonetical native language: 👀
Me:  (*while solving MCQ on latest drugs) "it's so difficult to pronounce names of most of the clonal anticancer drugs." Tom scott: it's pronounced gif (not gif)
I knew it ! Jif even sounds stupid . At least to me, having english as a second language.
2020 has jotten to Mr Scott.
what if you pronounced each letter separately, wouldn't that be universally understood
Gif. It's Gif.
It’s pronounced g-sishshakabsjdodkqnwpskxhsjaldhsjkjshd-(uwoapsvsvwkxhsjJgaia)-if
It's pronounced gif.      I mean, ji-ai-ef
Hiff
Wait laser is an acronym???
cowards. its "yiff"
Can we all just move to APNG, WEBP or some video format?
In my language, I'd say it's gif with a g because we pronounce every letter and they don't change depending which word they appear in. (Finnish). But if I was speaking english, I'd say jif, because it sounds more fitting to the english language. But, well, both are correct.
Everyone: Ghiff! No, it's Jhiff! People who say "yiff": ('  -'  ) (  '-  ')
I thought it was pronounced jef
why do I feel like I've seen this before?
I misheard the word "measurement" and spent ten minutes trying to find the meaning of the word "bedjamen."
I would sign a petition to pronounce “scuba” as “Scuhba” instead of “scooba” who’s with me
Choosey nerds chose GIF.
Mini loop soundless video
ARrHHHg Its clickbait ;-;”
Wait so is it IKEA or IKEA? I mean I pronounce it as IKEA but I have definitely heard people pronouncing it as IKEA
It's pronounced χif you idiots. uvular fricative gang rise up!
I don't know about others but I pronounce it as GIF, not GIF.
Let's be real here jif just doesn't sound as good
70% - giff 30% - Jiff     Me, an intellectual: *G. I. F.*
It's pronounced gif idiots, why is it so hard to understand
I was always taught the JIF sound. It is difficult to change, but I try.
why do people care if people pronounce it diffrently
Ok but like who actually pronounces it “GIF”, like they must be the same annoying people who pronounce data as “data”
Gif or gif?
In spanish it's pronounced "gif" almost universally. Weird thing is: when a G is followed to an I in spanish the G becomes an "hispanic J" (like a very very hard H). Following spanish rules the word "gif" should be pronounced as "jif (esp)/Hif (eng)", but no one has done so. We all say "gif" (no "d3if" either).
This seems Gifey
Gif, not to be confused with Yiff.
This only goes to prove a lot of professors and English students are wasting their time and our money.
I always say G-I-F (spelling each letter separately)
"The correct answer is of course *beep*" Ah. That's settled. Though GIFV and short MP4 files have since started replacing Beep as a format
HARD G
Fixed comment put there a month ago. Video just published. Ok.
Do you know any other languages Tom?
All your reasoning is from an english native, but this acronym is used in the whole world now. As a French, it as always been jif for me, as in french, "g" in front of "i" is always pronounced JI. (For it to sound hard G, it has to be written GUI, as in guitare)
I'm going to continue saying "Gif" not "Jif" because it sounds far better.
following Spanish rules, this should be pronounced /xif/
To me, it's not that surprising its pronounced gif more than jif. The closest word to it is gift. So you pronounce gift but without the t at the end.
You should have set up a poll to see how many percent of the viewers think it's jif and how many are normal 😂
While many have already proven it's pronounced gif, I think this is THE video that will turn the tide.  Thanks Tom. I can now stop fighting random people on the internet 😜
Soft 'g' gang where we at?
Doesn't it depend if you're English or a yank?
It's pronounced "djod"
In Romania everyone use the second pronunciation (Jıf) because we pronounce "gi" and "ghi" as single sounds. The "gıf" pronunciation would be write "ghif". Btw gif also has the same meaning as in English
It's decided: Gee f
It's pronounced gif not gif
Me, an intellectual :  Jee-Ai-Ef
Me "GIF" IS A GIFT
I don't like saying jif, gif forever. I don't care
What about non native speakers? I think I'm biased by my language, where we pronounce majority of the letters exactly how we write them, so the letter "G" always has the same sound like in "Gift".
If a JIF doesn’t already exist we should create it and say it’s pronounced gif(t) just to mess with people
It used to be pronounced GIF, but the company changed it to CIF...
The 'i' in gif is actually pronounced the same way as in library: g-ai-f.
Jif is peanut butter.
to avoid the argument altogether I just pronounce the letters individually as G-I-F
GIF
consider: the g is silent
1:00 Pronunciation may be up to linguistics, but the definition is wrong.
It's pronounced Geoff
Graphic Interchange Format? Not Jraphic
Guys, it’s obviously /xɪf/
WWIII will most certainly be a war of whether it's pronounced gif or gif
As a centrist, I propose /ɟɪf/.
Either way. It's really not important.
Me, an intellect - G I F
Here in Spain I think nobody says GIF as in gin. As far as I can remember, I've always heard GIF as in give, and that is the way it should be pronounced.  Oddly enough, and since it's an acronym and not "a real word", if it were to be pronounced by Spanish standards it would be completely different from those two options, as a "g" immediatly before an "i" (or an "e") is pronounced like an English "h", so kind of "hif". So we pronounce it correctly by not playing by our own rules.
Maybe I'm a bit biased as a student of linguistics, but I think your linguistic content is the most interesting. Please do more.
personally I pronounce it the same way I pronounce the "g" in "garage"
This is why I pronounce it “jaif”
DILF
It’s HIF, with phlegm on the H.
Someone count the number of times tom Scott has said gif with a hard g or soft g.
For me it depends on the language im speaking
you know what you did here.....
Lets get started with the "JEFF" train. It's obviously Jeff I totally agree with the others       jeff
then how do people pronounce data
it's pronounced gif not gif duh
*A N G E R E Y*
Honestly, depending on how you would put it, GIF is much smoother coming out as (J)IF than (G)IF. (G)IF slows down a sentence slightly but noticeably. Hence IMO pronouncing it (J)IF would be more efficient when socializing.
The g in GIF is pronounced just like the g in "garage"
I argue the origin of the word. The word graphics originates from the Greek word graphikos. The greek pronounciation would the "guh" sounds. The "juh" sound is from Germanic origins. Ironically, German pronunciation of the word graphic is with the "guh" sound. (Grafik)
The g is silent
Being from Czech republic, gif is just natural. Jif sounds silly since we don't really have that sound of "ji" in our language, aside of few exceptions.
What a complicated language, thank goodness I didn't have to encounter such problems in my language.
I think the way people pronounce gif is also majorly dependent on their native language. As a native Norwegian speaker, at no point did it occur to me to refer to it as 'jif' rather than 'gif' simply because G is only tied to the hard g sound in Norwegian, whereas the j in jif doesn't exist in the language at all. I think the same applies to a lot of other languages.
It's jif
What if God came down one day, said, "It's pronounced "Jod". And then left.
Zhaif 4 laif
Zhyf 4 Lyf
gif
It's pronounced gif, not gif
I say gif
English isn't real, the Easter Bunny told us, and this is a sample of it
Every single person that I know pronounces it "jif". So I don't know where that 70% is coming from. And yes, the "people that I know" is an extremely small sample size compared to the "world", but you'd think at least one would be on the other team. And the only people that I've heard pronounce it "Gif" (hard G) are the people who ask/argue which is the right way to pronounce it. Like in this video.
Jraphics
It's odd. In Russian, I naturally say gif (гиф/гифка). In English, I say jif, just as naturally. I've given up trying to understand why it works the way it does in my head but I did not make that choice, it happened by itself.
In the Netherlands we butcher the g in gif on a whole different level😅 But it most definitely doesn't become a j!
For the love of Jod, it's pronouced gif.
You're wrong. It's gif ,not gif.
I say we get rid of all words spelt with a soft 'g' and just replace it with a 'j' altogether.
If it was to be pronounced jif, it'd be spelled jif.
If the creator decided how things should be, then we wouldnt be able to stack +2 cards in UNO
Jif forever
Its yiff guys
No, it's GIF!
There are seriously two towns with the same name, just pronouncing the G differently? (I'm still wrapping my head around how "shire" is pronounced.)
I say gif in german and jif in english
Never heard of 'death of the author'? He's wrong.  It's a hard G and anyone that says otherwise is a psychopath.
But isnt there another file ending thing/name called Jif ? We need a clear seperation. GIF ist GIF and JIF is JIF.
it's GIF, duh.
yiff
How about: G.I.F (pronounced Ge) and Jif
Well I think we more commonly pronouce each letter when there is an abbreviation, so I think it should be pronouced gif, not jif.
didn't u post this like 6 years ago
_It's pronounced as "yiff"_
The thing that makes me sad is most text to speech programs require me to write ghif in order to pronounce it right :(
My name GIF
I'm Dutch, both are wrong 😂
You don't get to decide how a word is pronounced even if you invented it, does that still count for words created to name specific items? I mean you can't say that Harry Potter is pronounced Hairy Potter because Rowling doesn't decide, surely?
The logic of English be like:  Kansas and Arkansas
I didn't know that laser and scuba are acronyms 👀
there is no g
Here is the thing, every word that starts with "gif" such as gift is pronounced gif not jif. So gif.
0:13 the format's creator would side with jif as it makes easy headlines for an already blowing up medium. And gif vs jif doesn't mean much on the technical side of things
me: Still not over that time you said REJEX (REJular EXpression)
Anyone else refreshed the video multiple times to see if the title changes?
I think you'll find her name is pronounced 'Jretchen McCulloch'.
My name's gif
Zhaif for life
I like that the thumbnail is Tom holding up his hands to say "let me explain myself" before the audience mobs him.
The way I came to the conclusion it’s pronounced is just lazily saying “gift” without the hard ‘t’ at the end
I think it's pronounced /pəˈteɪtəʊ/
Influence of the romance lexicon. Romance languages soften consonants before fronted vowels.
My family and I have decided to compromise and call it "Yiff"
I don’t know if anyone else shares this thinking, but I always pronounced it “gif” and not “jif” so that I didn’t confuse it with the peanut putter brand “Jif”
Linguathusiasm gang rise up
Gilf or jilf? 🤣
I think it's pronounced GIF instead of GIF
The pronunciation of 'GIF' still remains a mystery.
Steve Wilhite: It's pronounced 'JIF', not 'GIF' The entire planet: I recognise that the council has made a decision, but given that it's a stupid ass decision, I have elected to ignore it.
Giraffics
70% isn't a landslide? It's a bloody supermajority.
JIF is a different file format
Guys correct me if I'm wrong, but I think it's pronounced "Graphical Interchange Format"
The (so far) 84 down votes are from the idiots who pronounce it "GIF".
You imbecilic plonkers! In reality, it is pronounced "GIEFF".
It's pronounced YIFF and that's the end of it
In Dutch, we pronounce it as /çɪf/ or /xɪf/
And... we somehow have the same debate in France
i tend to interchange between the two
The slide from his speech is the argument I use for pronouncing it with a hard G.  If you need to misspell your word to explain how it's pronounced (phonetic symbols aside) then you are the one pronouncing it incorrectly.
Well, I did see this rant once from a guy about how to pronounce it. It was part of a bigger video surrounding copyright. Why don't we ask him?
if you pronounce it "jif" ill send you straight to jod
IT'S PRONOUNCED “GIF” NOT “JIF”
G
there is no correct answer the same words can have different pronunciations
just be French and pronounce it zhif to annoy everyone.
The creator is dumb
Steve Wilhite the J.K. Rowling of the world wide web
I will be back here after 8 years
It's Gee Ai Eff
It's pronounced Yiff.
Ah Tom Scott the Jift that keeps on Jifting.
Itd gif with no hard g
It is pronounced as "Jif"  If you have a son and and you give him a name, you are supposed to called him as his name. 70% of people can be wrong.
There is only one answer: GIFs are not meant to be pronounced, they are meant to be watched.
I say jel not d3el
You're so stupid, everyone pronounces it gif, not gif.
"IT'S PRONOUNCED 'JIF' NOT 'GIF'"  I'll take "arguments that prove your opponents' point for them" for $400, Alex
There's more to support a "J" sound in linguistical logic and rules, but more people pronounce it with a hard "G." So it comes down to if you think the majority dictates what's correct or if you think the rules dictate what's correct. For me, I'll go with the rules and the creator's intention over the majority (as saying the majority determines something is a huge logical fallacy in itself). GIF is pronounced like JIF. :-P
Clearly the G is silent.
Now I'm curious if any Spanish speakers pronounce it with a soft h sound like in gimnasio. Something like 'hif'.
A Who has Alot of Spelling bee Awards and is Now part of Judges in a International Spelling bee said That it's Not supposed to be Pronounce instead Spelled out as G.I.F.
The correct answer is, neither, because, unlike Georgian or Galician 😉, English has no authority that regulates it. Therefore, like it has always been, if there are more than one popular way to either pronounce or spell a word both are accepted, neither one is incorrect
GIF it.
It's pronounce with hard G, fight me!.
This is my very favourite type of video topic
dont care, its gif not jif.
Come here homies    I know you bunked online classes to view this video
I always try to argue with logic but I guess that's been cancelled long ago in English pronunciation
English words pronunciation is subjective. Hindi, Marathi, Sanskrit: We don't have such weaknesses 😎
Reading Pterodactyl Me: Peterodactyle How others read it: terodactyl
y
Giffrey Epstein didn't kill himself.
I used to call it Jee Ii Eff.
Fist encountering GIF, I did not bother trying to pronounce it as a single word, and thus am in a third camp: pronouncing it in my head as the three individual letters, Gee Eye Ef, and so "Jif" sounds more correct
The correct prononciation is obviously G I F
Hi Tom, Dropped Frame At 3:04 speaking, it’s a hard G, have a nice day
But realt talk. It is pronounced data not data right?
I don't care, I'm still saying Jif. There are plenty of words like oregano or aluminum where wildly different pronunciations are accepted based on geography or other factors.
Right... As if you can trust a Brit to determine the pronunciation of an English word.  I suppose you pronounce giga with a hard G, too.
It's gif, guys
Easy it's pronounced like the "g" in "gigantic". GIF.
There exists a .JIF file format. Ergo, for the sake of disambiguation, the official pronunciation of .GIF is hard-G GIF. Period. End of discussion.
I used to pronounce it like an abbreviation,  "JEE - AYE - EFF" in my mind for like so many years 'til i learned i was wrong last yr.
Its gif you idiots :-P
Guys it’s pronounced Gif not Gif
Everybody gangsta until someone pronounces it as /hif/
Its pronounced "nobodycaresweallknowwhatsweretalkingabout" 😉
I blame the English language
It's pronounced GIF and not GIF
As a Dutch speaker it's a done deal, as gif is an existing word and pronounced with a hard g, also the moment creators put their work out in the wild it's not theirs to control anymore not even the pronunciation
After hearing endless American's say it's N.E.S and S.N.E.S, I assume they all say G.I.F
I actually remember that moment, wondering how this new word was pronounced. I went with the hard G because the 'j' sounded one is the name of a cleaning product, which is just weird.
I'll start pronouncing it as gæf to annoy both sides.
Pfft casuals.  I pronounce it as GEAODUFMEUTJMREIJFJFFFH
It should not be pronounced as GIF or GIF, but as GIF
I prefer "gif" but "gif" is still valid imo.
Imagine not knowing how to pronounce a word in your own language *this* *post* *was* *made* *by* *phonetically* *consistent* *language* *gang*
Not all of linguistics works the way Tom desribes. There are codified languages (slovak being one of them) for which a central institution decides what is correct and what is not. When the folk-language changes they sometimes decide to incorporate the changes into the language proper.
I was just watching the linguistics playlist...Cool timing.
Hey, english nation, i would trade ALPHABET for LAWS CODE and 108 gold
The title really helps
GIF IS GIF!!!
Interesting, apparently I've been mispronouncing "gill" (the fish part), probably because I interact more with written than spoken English, and because my reference vocabulary for figuring out the pronunciation apparently also includes my German vocabulary... cool to know, and a good reminder to be careful of where my pronunciation comes from.    (and by the way, the correct pronunciation is *clearly* "/{dʒ,g}ɪf/", aka "either one is fine")
I love Christmas, because of all the jifts
My favourite is "gis", from "gis a kiss"  😘
I used to say gif but then my friends made fun of me for that so I started saying jif and now I can't go back
Is this re-uploaded?
When someone writes the question, they almost always write “is it GIF or JIF?”, and I think that’s a good argument by itself :)
Next time scOnes or scones
I like to hop back and forth between both pronunciations interchangeably, even in the same sentence. If I've gotta be stuck in this Truman Show, I might as well tap at the glass a bit.
You can pry my soft g pronunciation from my cold, dead hands.
It’s pronounced GIF, not GIF
This is a guy with way too much free time. And it's definitely pronounced JIF.
Since most of the "looping clips without sound" people keep generically  calling "gifs" aren't actually in the gif image format anymore, there  could just be a distinction of using the hard g for the generic term and  the "j" for the dated format, to make the creator happy.  ...At least on paper, I'll never pronounce either it with a "j".
its finnaly settled
Tom, I regret to inform you that I've just learned that Gillingham and Gillingham are two different places and, on that note,  how did you lot ever have a successful empire?
Jif is reserved for peanut butter and New Zealanders named Jeff
Fun fact: gif means poison in Dutch
It is actually pronounced "crappy video picture"
I pronounce it as "Gift" with a silent "T"
How about zhif?
How dumb could you be to think it's GIF? !  It's clearly GIF?!??
It will always be gif and never jif, you can just tell by the way it is. To pronounce it jif you have to be mentally ill and removed from reality.
If you want to pronounce it as "jif", you must spell it as "jif." End of discussion.
Maybe the problem is the English language itself, and maybe it needs a complete overhaul with words spelled 100% phonetic. There are already languages that do it so much better than English, like Japan's phonetic system (hiragana/katakana).
Hard G is the correct pronunciation. If it was meant to be jif it would be peanut butter.
I'm personally going with Mike Rugnetta's /ʒaif/.
JIF who?
In russian GIF is called Гифка (pronounced Gifka) there is no way to say "Jifka" - it just doesn't sound right.   So that settles it for us...
I always thought it was pronounced gif.
I pronounce it as oh god not that file format again
The creator is a troll.
70% of English speakers pronounce it as KIF. 30% of English speakers pronounce it as JIF. 100% of Dutch speakers pronounce it as GIF.  Sorry English speakers, there is hardly any difference between your hard g and k. I have difficulty hearing the differences.
It's pronounced Yiff, obviously.
GeeEyeEff
English makes no sense. How is this complex, notoriously inconsistent language become the international standard?
Oh I totally agree it's gif and not gif How could I be so blind
If it’s pronounced “jif”, then why is “gift” not pronounced “jift”? Also, the G in it stands for “graphics”, not “jraphics”
Maybe it unravels the pronunciation issues of the english language? If you know more than just a germanic language like English, you would agree. If english would be more sane, they would add a new alphabet symbol to their language. Many other languages have done that and it makes sense, its actually less confusing.
Gif is one letter away from gift. I rest my case.
I agree gif seems More legit than gif
all of you are wrong I pronounce it  geniatlyyproducedinterchangablepictureofformats or gpipof for short
damn, the cliffhanger
"Jive"
[dʒɪf] could be interpreted as yiff. I rest my case.
Long live Jif But also no because we have far better standards like animated pngs or by using a simple embedded video.
Is it only me, but if we consider similar word pronunciations, it is not only 'gi' but also that 'f' that alters psycholinguistic association, so there is much, much more weight given towards the similarity with 'gift' than any other examples. Also, to go outside of anglocentric perspective, in many languages 'g' is read solely as a 'hard g', so only one pronunciation is obvious, and is imported to purely english pronunciation. I am interested how is it for speakers of languages where 'g' is commonly rendered in a way that does not fit either of those pronunciations exactly - e.g. french ('ʒ') or spanish/greek ('ɣ').
People: IT'S GIF, no it's JIF Me; ay u got one of those gee ai effs?
Ma namma gif.
0:29 those are 6 words, technically
title:  "its pronounced GIF"  me: well yes but no
Who else didnt even know that 'laser'  'scuba' and 'gif' were acronyms?
I've settled on the hard g not for any "logical" reason, but simply because I think it sounds better and I prefer saying it that way, which is a good reason on its own
I dont trust people who pronounce JIF
If it was supposed to be pronounced JIF it would be named JIF.
Im saying GIF instead of JIF because JIF just sounds inappropriate. Everytime someone says it, it weirds me out.
Bad language standards. If only G and J stayed consistent with their sounds... If we know how to pronounce JIF, then surely GIF should be pronounced differently.
Nice ending
The worst part is that I always pronounce it with [g]. Even in my native languages, Spanish and Catalan, where the orthography is regular enough so that it's undoubtedly pronounced as /xif/ or /ʒif/, respectively (/gif/ would be spelled <guif>), I still pronounce it as [gif].
Am I the only one who says it as letters g i f , not gif or jif
I'll ask you one better! Why is gif?
always pronounced it gif
A masterpiece!
so anyway, i read is as jif in english and as gif in polish
Why not create a new word with the same meaning....  For the “Jiff” sayers
My belief is fairly straightforward - you have to spell it differently to communicate that you mean "jif" - for hard G, you simply clarify that you mean the hard G, or you don't mean the J.
the most controversial video ever
I pronounce it jit not git so there are 69 words pronounce j
gif
Its gif you div 😂  Its fun that english speakers use the german word (gif) and not how i would think of it spoken in english (jiff)
In Spanish, could it be pronounced "HIF" since either J or G can be H?
In my language (romanian), if I were to read this word there's only one way of reading it: with the sound that "J" makes in english. If I wanted to read it with the sound that G makes in english, I would have to write it "ghif".
Just switch to italian, what you read is how it's pronounced :-D
What if God came down one day and tells us "it's pronounced "JOD" "
wait wtf i thought f was silent
As a German, I always pronounce a G hard.
I've never understood this debate. I don't say gif or gif. I think pronouncing it gif is far better.
Inventing a work doesn't give you dominion over how language works. It's gif with a hard g
2:00 its a victory for the yiffer had me cracking XD
It's Psycholinjuistics
2:30 "Unless you are very young, GIF is a word you most certainly read before you heard"
It's G...I...F
To piss off both sides of this debate, I pronounce GIF as if it's a French word that rhymes with "leaf".
It's obviously Jraphics Image Format :roll:
This is the major reason i only use PNG now
its gif not jif because the jiff format exists
You have provoked a gang war
Isn't this almost the same argument you make for why saying less when its grammatically correct to say fewer shouldn't matter to anyone and the rules are just suggestions?
I just pronounce it G-I-F
Oh shiz, here we go
Indonesian be like: *GIF is GIF, nothing else*  (hard G) every letters is pronounced literally the same.
who else waited with baited breath for the last 6 seconds of the end card for Tom to pop back up and give an answer?
i still prefer the abbrivation
This really jrinds my jears...
it cut out right when you were going to say the right answer:  gif!!
i pronounce it like "a bunch of JPG or PNG images which are put to there to make infinity loop" easy no problem with that
We are so jifted with this channel
Well that was a waste of  3 minutes
2:31 /gɪf/, it's settled
It's pronounced Gif, not Gif!
I hate this.
Me after watching this video 0:01
In old English, it's pronounced Yiff
My mother language has only one way to pronounce the character 'G' or 'g', so...
It's an interesting theory at the end, about your brain deciding if it should pronounce it as gin or as gift... In that case however I think that hard G pronounciation will always have the upper hand, since especially with kids words like gift, give, etc. are much more common than gin. Unles their parents have some high class drinking issues...
It finally happened
I have a solution. Stop using the GIF format altogether. Just use mp4 for animated content. It takes up much less space than GIF. All phones, tablets, and computers of the last decade can read the format. Also, if you really want crappy colors and low frame rates for comedic effect, it can do that too.
Its pronounced yiff duh
To be fair, any pronunciation from a group of people is technically a right pronunciation, since the pronunciation of words is based on who is saying the word and if a group of people says it one way, it is right, and if a group of people says it another way, it is also right.
No, it's gif.
Ah yes, "/GIf/"
𝑮 𝑹 𝑨 𝑷 𝑯 𝑰 𝑪 𝑺  𝑰 𝑵 𝑻 𝑬 𝑹 𝑪 𝑯 𝑨 𝑵 𝑮 𝑬  𝑭 𝑶 𝑹 𝑴 𝑨 𝑻
we dont care about the creator
I mean, I pronounce it gif (not jif) because I'm not a native English speaker. In my own mother tongue, Hungarian, "g" is never pronounced similar to the English "j", so I had no primer to ever think about it being any different.
If the inventor say "JIF", then it is "JIF". End of argument!
I always call it G.I.F. If I want it short, I'd call it "gift"
its pronounced yiff?
Of course it's pronounced GIF, not GIF! That would be silly.
Um, it’s actually pronounced “Images of the moving Variety”.
in dutch gif means poison
Also it's data not data
NO YOU"RE WRONG!!!! It's pronounced GIF!  Not GIF!
Aaaaaany minute now, the comment debate will start.
If you're looking for a sign, this is it.  You should indeed listen to Lingthusiasm.
We Italians only say Jif as well that is what "Gi" is pronounced for us  English speakers are used to the hard Gi (called Ghi in Italian)
The correct answer is of course.... "J-eye-F"
The main problem I have with Gif being pronounced Jif is the cleaning products now known as Cif.
I really felt that when there were only 68 words instead of 69.
I always pronounced it (gee-eye-ef)
Its up to you
He's the hero we need right now...
My favorite "ji" word is definitely "giblets"
Tom Scott is ahead of his time
I just pronounce it the way the person I'm talking to doesn't pronounce it.
Written by Molly Ruhl, Tom Scott and Jretchen McCulloch  Jraphics by William Marler  Audio Mix by Jraham Haerther
For me, I automatically pronounced GIF with a hard g since JIF was already a thing (the peanut butter brand). It might be a case of priming, but it seems too confusing to say “JIF, but not the edible kind.”
I wouldnt pronounce it Yiff even if I was at gunpoint
Didn't realise how important to the world this was.
Jit to the choppa. Doesn't have to same ring to it, does it?
alternatively, theres the old english pronunciation, yiff
Okay revolutionary idea but, what if both are correct? Spanish is typically not descriptive (an institution, the Real Academia Española - Royal Spanish Academy, dictates what words are proper in Spanish, how they are pronounced, written, used, etc.) and it still allows some words to be pronounced/written in two or more ways at once. A classic example is the word for bat (the animal) which can be spelled (and pronounced) both as Murciélago or Murciégalo
I don’t know...I think it’s gIf
na its definetly jiraffgraphy
actually, the g is pronounced as a y
I prefer the Idea channel pronunciation
That's a good one for me - I grew up near "Gillingham" in Dorset, but had a girlfriend who lived near "Gillingham" in kent - I got ridiculed for saying it with a Dorset accent :P That said, there are two pronounciations of "Sherborne" too - if you're a "local" then it's "Sher-born", if your schooling there, or very rich, or a member of the Digby family - it's "Sher-burn".
Til: scuba is short for self contained underwater breathing apperatus
Betelgeuse - geuse (juice /dʒ/) or geuse (think how you would start with the word geyser, /g/) *leaves quickly without correcting any misunderstandings*
No, it’s pronounced Gif.
the main thing this debate illustrates is how tribalistic people are
I've been a professional graphic artist for 40 years, and transitioned into digital graphic design 32 years ago... It is *GIF, **_NOT_** JIF!*
yes
lets all agree to call it Gee-Eye-Eff
Choosy programmers choose GIF.
In Spanish everybody call it "gif" and not "jif" and "jpeg" is called something like "hotapehe" (jotapegé: Jota - Pe - Ge)
Uh, it's gee-eye-eff.
The existance of both Gillingham and Gillingham makes me wonder... Do those towns have corresponding pronunciations of the Word GIF? Like, do they pronounce it "gif" in Gillingham, and then "gif" in Gillingham? Curious...
Today I learnt that some people pronounce GIF like gift
tbh i read it gif, but logically it *should be* gif
there is also the whole how do people with English as their second language perceive it, i do think its going to be different for different language backgrounds.
Well, in Romania we read it GIF (with a J) so..Jif. Because as a general rule, in Romanian language we write "GI"  and pronounce as in "Gin"  and  we write "GHI"  pronounce as in "Gift". It is one of those things which is drilled into our brains in primary school.  So to be read as GIF (as in Gift) for us it would have to be written as GHIF. Which is not. So we don't. The same rule applies with "GE" and "GHE".
All the jokes aside, I think it should be pronouced GIF. (like GIVE) Because there's also a .JIF format... Doesn't make sense we have 2 formats with same pronouciation.
gif is gif
Tom's Language Files is bacc
Thank youuuuuuuuuu!
I think it's "geeayeff"
I once read that it’s pronounced “yiff”
Galaxy brain: /jɪf/
|---------------| | 🙂 | GIF | |---------------| | 😎 | GIF | |---------------|
obviously gif
but why are chris and christ pronounced differently. Strange language indeed...
Seems it only bothers people with rigid thinking and whose brains have "set" after forming an opinion. Doesn't bother me which is used, both pronunciations mean the same thing, which is the point. Bit like "a" or "the", where they can be pronounced long or short depending on context, emphasis or ease of pronunciation relative to adjacent words. GIF or JIF, it really should be a non issue!
its GIF not GIF
Realistically, it's either or... although JIF just sounds stupid.
Bruh I just say g-i-f with spaces
Y'all are wrong. It's G-I-F. Gee-Ai-Eff.
I have phonological dyslexia and don't understand the debate
tom is now dead
i pronounced it G-I-F
Hecc ye
As Spanish, there is no debate. We pronounce something like "guif".
Zhaif every day
I think it's pronounced white and gold
JIF. end of story
It's gif with a hard g.
I know the correct way! It is  Gee I Eff.
Feels like deja vu. I could swear I’ve already seen this video.
tl, dr: jive up on arguing. Both answers are valid
25 years ago when I was 7, my dad told me it was pronounced with a J sound (like "in a jiffy") and that is the way I have pronounced it ever since. I don't really care how it's pronounced and no one else did until Facebook and Twitter meant more people with no computer backgrounds starting using them. If you can't tell me what .exe stands for I don't care what your opinion is.
Now graphics is jraphics.
When a new Pokemon is revealed  2:00
As a non native English speaker, I have always found Jif to be more logical and the easiest to pronounce.
But gif just doesn't sound correct
Actually, we do pronounce it laser with a long aaah. ;)
Finally... someone owes me money.
It's a little telling that GIF is just Gift  without the T
Gif
I actually pronounce it xif so get your math right
OK now you've done it... It's pronounced "gif" you idiot.  hehehehehehhee...     but seriously it's a hard G from me.
I have personally not used .GIF files in a very long time, though, I pronounce it with a hard G the few times I do stumble over it in speech. Though, having dealt with TIFF, PNG and BMP files, all of them have hard letters, then it is just natural to continue in the same fashion with GIF. But I personally don't care much about how people pronounce things, as long as people put effort into getting understood and don't use wildly different sounds. Like if one pronounces it "Aiy"  then few people will know one meant ".EXE"....
soft g all the way
It's pronounced giif
What are you guys thinking? Of course it's GIF
if you have to spell it differently to get people to pronounce it right, then you're not pronouncing it right
Also, important to note, almost all non-english speaker use the hard G
It's actually pronounced GIF. Fix your title.
In the most anticipated Tom Scott video we talk about a animated photo or a peanut butter brand
No no, you've got it all wrong. The REAL correct pronunciation is "yif", like in old English.
Hardly an issue for non-english speakers. I doubt we pronounce G in more than one way in polish. If you are curious it would be the same pronounciation as the G as in "gill" in english.
GIF, NOT JIF
I pronounce it /ʒaɪf/
It's not a jar of peanut butter. Simple as that.
I pronounce it d3if mentally and Gif out loud. (No, I can't find the phonetic symbols, so I went with the next best thing).
It’s JIF. G & I & F.
Guys it’s gif not gif😡
I'm going to continue saying it as G-I-F
not sure what all the fuss is about, i gust pronounce it gif
dont be a freak its jif
So it's Jif
thx
the real argument should be for using APNGs
GIF the killer
Question: How is it pronounced in other languages?
There's also the matter of how it's pronounced in otter languages. In Dutch it's a loanword and I have only ever heard it pronounced with a G and not a J.
Гиф або смєрть😅 Джифка звучит как женское имя из древней Британии
1:58 "It's a victory for the yiffers!"
Ohh And All These Years I Thought It Pronounce “Nut"
So does Jretchen McCulloch know the correct pronunciation?
Oh no...
Didnt even mention give lmao
I feel like the guy who invented GIF must be trolling us saying it's "JIF".
Using the hard “G” prevents a cease and desist from a peanut butter company
Hard 'G' camp represent!
i use both
also zhife
Laser, Gif and Scuba are pronaunced just as you said they aren't pronaunced in English
data vs data pls
*Another one of of this video , love it*
GIF. Like Giraffe 🦒 fuckers.
yes its gif not jif :)
It's pronounced like the "g" in "gigantic."
I've always considered it a sort of death of the author type thing
the old english pronunciation of <g> was often /y/, we as a culture should really move onto "yiff" as the pronunciation
I mean, how I've said it has changed based on the people I've met telling me I'm wrong sooo
Am I the only one that says G-I-F?
Jiffers are a significant part of what's wrong with the world and I cannot be moved on this
dont care. i, rebel
And I used to say G.I.F.
I approve of this video.
I love your videos on language.
Wait wait wait...all arguments accepted and valid , but gill is hard G in my experience whether it’s a measurement or a part of a fish. I have never heard either use with a soft G.  When has either been said with a soft G?
"The correct answer, is of course .... " - did the linguistic mafia come after you again?
Imagine pronounce "GIF"  JIF gang 4 lyfe 😎
Gif is pronounced gif
I'd argue logic doesn't even apply half the time - for example most of the US don't even pronounce the second 'i' Aluminium, despite pronouncing it in almost every other element.
It’s pronounced “djiff”
When you have to spell it as Jif to prove your point. You've already lost
The correct pronunciation is **crash** **beep** That doesn't sound correct i still think it's gif.
It's Gif as in Gi-f, not Give
geh
1:27, in Romanian, it IS actually pronounced "laser" :D
Ecks Ell Ess.  Pee Dee Eff.  Pee Ess Dee. Eee Pee Ess.  Gee Eye Eff. Geyeff. GIF.
This is *exactly* who I needed to explain this
There's only one 'f' so, according to the usual manner of pronounciation it's _Jiv_
Now try to explain this to people who have to learn to speak English...
Steve Wilhite admitted that it was an inside joke, calling it soft g gif, because while it was being created they joked about the peanut butter of the same pronunciation. I stand by hard g gif
Never met anyone that pronouces it JIf and I'm 44 and I've worked in IT for years.  Also the argument about the P in JPEG doesn't really stand up as Photography starts with a P but Graphics doesn't start with a J
I like how the creator contradicted himself by saying gif should be pronounced "jif" despite being spelled "gif"
We also call it GIF in spanish, although by the rules of spanish it should be pronounced "JIF" because the "G" acts as "J" with the vowels "e" and "i". The only way to write it phonetically consistent would be "GUIF". But we ain't changing the good old GIF
Can we all just agree that English is messed up and could use a gradual reform?
It is Nither gif nor gif... Its gif
I think it's telling that people in written language refer to it as Jif if they favour that pronunciation
in India its gee I f
I pronounce it Gif not jif, because I'm German and pronounce it german
I'm glad you brought up that the graphics argument doesn't make any sense. I always hated that being used.  That being said I pronounce it GIF.
If we're really going to fight over this, I'm going to start calling it "yiff". Or maybe be really annoying and use "jhieff".
To me, people who say "jif" are very suspicious
I once convinced someone it's pronounced Yiff :>
And all german... wtf? G!!
I agree with this so much. People always say "Just because you invented it, it doesn't mean you can decide how it's pronounced, so it cannot be 'jif'." But FINALLY I see someone who sees that words like gym, gin, giraffe, gel and gimbal also exist.
Surely it goes deeper than just gi-? Gift is the only word I can currently think of that goes gif- (I'm sure there are others, just not at the top of my mind), so maybe we take its pronunciation by default?
Bruh why is this even a debate it's obviously pronounced GIF.
It's obviously pronounced _'yiff'_
Funnily enough, Gift is pronounced with a hard g but in Swedish it means married (or poison, but maybe don't read into that too much) so the closest word to gif was, for me, completely unhelpful in terms of pronunciation.
My theory on it is that it is derived from the slang term Jiffy meaning a short amount of time, a GIF is a way of displaying an otherwise larger message in a short amount of time. So I say “Jiff”
Definitely, what the title says.
Giraffe, Gymnasium, Ginormous, Gigantic, Giant, George, oh, and the originator of the word said it was Djiff. Your fault for not listening.
Oh lord, here we go
Jokes on you, i'm german and we pronounce it gif, we never had that debate
Thanks for clearing that up you gastard.  Figure out how to say that.
I've always pronounced it like 'pizza' 🤔
Its mostly Americans that pronounce it wrong. As usual.
This is clickbait and you should feel bad
No, its  G - I - F
In Swedish, we pronounce it Gif with a hard G.
If you don't pronounce it as GIF you're lost. Same for people who can't pronounce data.
People that pronounce Gif as 'Jif' are only contributing to the stupidity of the English language.
For Jod's sake!
In Germany, everyone says GIF with a strong G.
As a Spanish speaker, by brain kicks me in the balls everytime someone says /dʒɪf/
Interesting....I also remember .BMP files were bump maps, not bit maps.....is this true?
Anybody out there use zhif?  The g is the sound it makes in geardagum, if we are being correct.
I just pronounce it “GIF”. That’s it “GIF”!
personally, i pronounce it like /gif/ but it's wrong bc in spanish both gif and jif sound identical
Jif is taken - its a kitchen cleaner -  however you spell it - the sound already means something
Cop out. It's clearly pronounced Webm.
I think it should be pronounced gif.
You gotta do a video about how computer handle Gillingham!
i pronounce gif as gif, not gif.
It's pronounced scone too
Alright now is it yanny or laurel?
"ONLY" 70 %
Hyeef.
Short G. I mean, obviously...
yiff.
English is a mess with its inconsistencies and descriptivism. I prefer more prescribed languages with consistent and reliable rules for pronunciation.
Jif sounds stupid, that's it, that's my entire argument
See you guys/gals at 20M views
Gee-eye-eff.
Yup definitely GIF as in "git" and also pineapple is perfectly acceptable on a pizza.🍍+ 🍕=😋
So asking "how is GIF pronounced" is a bit like asking "Is cereal a soup"
It's pronounced "G. I. F." :P
it is pronounce as the Portuguese G  "ZHIF"
It's pronounced yiff uwu
Everybody is wrong, the correct pronunciation is gif
I always say GIF instead of GIF
There's no debate in our county, since 'gif' [xɪf] is a Dutch word that everyone knows, we pronounce GIF the same way. That being said, our pronunciation wouldn't make anyone else happy.  So, when speaking english, we just pronounce it GIF, like everyone else.
When you hear someone pronounce GIF as 'JIF': *Every day, we stray further from Jod.*
So? What was the point of this video? Is it GIF or GIF?
In romanian, we should pronounce it "jif" but most actually pronounce it "ghif"
It's also pronounced gigabyte
I favour [ɟɪf]. A non-attentive listener is likely to hear it as their preference regardless of what their preference is due to [ɟ] having something of an intermediate sound and not being phonemic in any dialect of English (we see this in for example people who speak dialects without the pin pen merger listening to speakers who do have the merger; their brains just pick whichever sound it thinks it should be closer to rather than actually hearing the intermediate sound). And typographically it's rotationally symmetric and that's just neat.    Credit to Randall Monroe of xkcd for coming up with this solution.
I think with the talk about psycholinguistics Tom chose GIFt for a reason.
Ahh its gif, I was correct  all along
Tom bought a new can opener for the can of worms he's about to open
All I know is that you pronounce it gif with a g
Its pronounced „Jeff“
What about God?
I'll gif a like for that. Also, only listen to your jut feeling
JIF is clearly wrong
Just pronounce it like the Dutch word for poison, with Mongolian throat noises instead of a g. Poison is also a nice way to describe online discussion about pronounciation haha
I was right im a genius :)
if you pronounce gif like some fuckin peanut butter, we cant be friends
GIF!!!  YES!!!!
Gifted to see a Gift from Thomas.
The correct answer is of course Jyfe
I'm happy to be Italian, one of the languages with a close relationship between pronunciation and written words 🙈
Idc what anyone says, its pronounced gif
It's really spelt PNG.
Am I the only one that calls it G.I.F, like every word separately?
FINALLY, someone said it
The correct answer is to use PNG. And it's pronounced "Pong".
IT IS GIF YOU HAVE A BRAIN
I think it's gif
I was today years old when I found out Laser and Scuba were acronyms.....
This is only a debate in the english speaking world. For the rest of the world it's always been a hard G.
YOU'RE WRONG!!! ok, now I'm gonna go watch the video 🙈😅
i'm a proud Jiffer
I just spell it out, just like I do PNG  G I F
Your more likely to encounter it on the Internet
I was thinking of what would have happened to the other participants if Tom were in the Youtube Creators' trivia game by Mr Beast!
"Your brain instantly tried to match them to patterns you already knew"  Anyone else remember the "Her-me-won" Grainger debate?!
"What about the word give?" Sips: "I would say jive."
So, I have to ask: were you gesturing towards the "wrong" versions of Gill and Gillingham on purpose as an easter egg of sorts, or was that an editing mixup or something similar?
I prefer the Mike Rugnetta /zhaif/
This is like a modern day tomato-tomato, potato-potato phrase and I love it
It's easier to say g(uh)if.
Amateurs. I pronounce it as G.I.F
Ok guys in short ,GIF is pronounced as GIF and not GIF.
solution: pronounce it "zhif" (like sh but voiced), annoy both parties equally
2:30 unless you're very young GIF is a word you almost certainly read before you heard.... that settles it then thank you
Good Gif.  Not Djood Gif.
The correct pronounciation is Gif
Seriously?! I had to rewind to make sure I heard/saw that right: There are two towns in England that are spelled exactly the same, but pronounced completely differently? Geez... You guys don't have the equivalent of US "states" in England, do you? I mean, we've got Portland, ME, and Portland, OR, but you have the states to tell them apart... (I know that originally "states" were a sovereign nation, and that England would be more equivalent to Virginia, and the whole EU the equivalent of the United States, but we've morphed a bit since then).
Always though it were pronounced gif
I just announce the letters separately
Jaif for Life!
No... It's pronounced GILF
Beanut Butter gang gang
finally it's sett- ...oh ffs.
Yay, the linguistics vids are back!
Funny story. Technically "LASER" (Light Amplification by Stimulated Emission) should be "LOSER" (Light Oscillation by Stimulated Emission), but nobody wanted to get a patent for a "loser".
It's pronounced "IDGAF"     wait Wait WAI–
s
The correct is answer is ... <bleep>. This reminded me of Hugh Laurie's song "All We Gotta Do" :)
can't believe the creator of the gif is wrong
ITS PRONOUNCED YIFF
IT'S G-I-F.
If they pronounce graphics with a j they can call gif jif.
Jif is a peanut butter brand.
100% of words that start with the three letters "gif" use the G, and not the J sound.
It's actually G-I-F
Back in the old ages, it was Yiff.
I know GIF is correct, but my brain decided its gonna be JIF as soon as it saw it years ago. Its too much waster mental energy for me to correct it every time. I am going over to the Dark Side, once and for all.
is it me or gif is looking kinda T H I C C
Its obviously [redacted]
Me who says GIF (GEE I Ef)
From Oxford having far too much authority to the whole debate on pronouncing acronyms (which I'm really grateful I don't have to deal with in my native language), this video highlights a few major gripes that I have with the English language as a whole and why I feel that reaching fluency is much harder than it needs to be.
Y'all are so dumb, it's pronounced GIF not GIF!
Meanwhile, in the Polish language you read everything exactly as it is written, letter by letter.
Still gonna say gif
Obviously it’s pronounced “gee-ai-eff”
You need to credit TheoJoe here.
I started saying it as G-I-F
Jiff is freakin peanut butter.
Also since GIF is an acronym used in the whole world other languages start to add to the debate.  In spanish GIF would be pronounced as "hiff". But once people tell you that it's an english word it would convert to gif with a hard G because that's how english words sound to spanish speakers
Exactly what I wanted but 10 years late
It's GIF because JIF sounds like _Yiff_ and that's Gay
yiff
I am so confused, i thought this has been uploaded before, also Tom has pinned a comment from a month a go but the video was uploaded today... Matrix mess up here?
i always pronounced it jif. i'm french though, so the English studies don't really apply to me. i also fiund funny the fact that naturally pronounce it jif when i am talking in french, but gif when i alm talking in english, mabe because the words that are pronounced like that are more commonly used, so I knew more of them as english isn't my birth language
I think the key takeaway is that SCUBA should definitely be pronounced “skub-uh”, not “scoo-ba”. So much better.
I pronounce the GI the same way as in Gift because that is how we'd do it in my native language.
Also, you are ignoring all non-English native speakers. In romantic languages, the soft G is automatic.
Ahhh, English.
Imagine having various pronunciations for the same word - This comment was made by Turkish gang
It's pronounced gif not gif idiot
I always called it Jif without even hearing it from anyone.
Glad to hear Tom is finally getting to the root of the hard-hitting issues!
Lmfao words don’t make sense to me anymore
It's language. There's no right or wrong. There are just variations. As a linguist myself I can say that until I'm blue in the face and nobody will listen. But I obviously still comment it here anyway
Here's an idea: it's pronounced "zhaif" :-D
You can read it as gif or gif. Just don't read it as G I F.
This is exactly why the cleaning product Jif changed their name to Cif for those in the UK.
im german, so for me [gɪf] looked better, truer
There are also a lot of non english speakers who are using that word. I have yet to find someone German who pronounced it jiff on his own.
Ah, another facet in the endless discussion about weird features of the most important language in the world that everyone continues to use.
Been saying GIF like gin since the mid 2000s, its weird how many times Im told its not the right way to say it
English pronounciation is a mess so I continue not caring about what the inventor thinks.  Greetings from Germany where people actually give a damn about consistency.
I think I usually pronounce gif with hard g when speaking out loud, but in my mind, jif almost makes more sense cos I think of the letters G-I-F shortened
Any gifers in chat?
It's pronounced "yiff."
the corret way is "BOB"
My logic is simple: I’m willing to pronounce it either way interchangeably...but if you’re hell bent on pronouncing it one way, I will deliberately pronounce it the other way just for the chaos.
There’s not one iota of difference... uh oh.
My dad taught me to pronounce it with a /x/ sound, like most words in my native language (Dutch). This whole debate has always felt like people arguing over Pepsi vs. Coke, while being a Dr Pepper guy.
Idk about you guys, but I say gif
If 100% of people said it's jiff, that wouldn't make it jiff. If the creator of the computer called it a cajcbsehjcbhjsgbvfhfrs, that doesn't mean it is pronounced cajcbsehjcbhjsgbvfhfrs.
I don't jiff a damn.
0:01 top right of the screen ... I'd pronounce that "dee three if".
The fact that GIF and JIF are supposed to sound the same when spoken shows how stupid the English language actually is.
His acceptance speach had 6 words, not 5. Great job.  🙄
Don't let the polls create a false sense of security.  It's not over until it's over. Call it gif until it's final.
Its like the G in garage
1:12 2:30  -  THE TRUTH IS OUT, it's GIF not JIF and even Tom agrees.
Everyone knows  MOVING PICTURES
It’s NOT gif, it’s gif!
TLDR:  Its pronounced GIF
So it all comes down to the english language's made up rules..... Who would have thought?
We all just read the title differently
I swear Steve Willheid says it's Jif just to troll
it's pronounced fif
When I read the title my own mind was at war and pronounced it JGIF
Loved the ending
Jif (as a pronunciation) just sounds nicer.
I just like the sound of "jif" compared to the sound of "gif".
I pronounce it as Gee Eye Eff to not offend anybody, but on a day to day basis i say GIF
Coming from a country with German as it's language, the pronunciation of GIF was never really a debate.
In Germany there just isn't really a sound like "J" in "JIF" so everyone just says "GIF". Really funny watching that whole debate from outside xD
NO
Everyone: GIF Me: WEBM
I don't pronounce it as GIF or GIF. I pronounce it as G-I-F. Fight me.
Jif reminds me of peanut butter tho
it's pronounced Gif because Jif is a registered trademark of a brand of peanut butter.
I'm not sure what you guys think, but I believe that it's pronounced GIF.
When I first read it, it was GIF like gin in my head. Over the years since, it's adapted and now i read it as gif like gift.
Shive!
I pronounce it "jif" because of what the creator has said. You can make the argument for descriptivism and that people form language, sure, but you also need to consider all the other creators who we do allow to make up words and set their pronunciation, authors for example. You wouldn't tell Rowling that Quidditch is pronounced Q-why-dotch or C.S. Lewis that Narnia is actually Nair-nye-ahhhhhh. If we allow "artists" to  decide the names of their work, why do programmers not get the same?
Jif just sounds ridiculous, the hard g gif is better
Today I learned that english is a stupid language.  Just kidding, I already knew that.
wdyall mean its pronounced GIF
lets just call it IF
30%? Should I make a list of the things that 30% of people in the US believe? Nah. It’s not worth it.
It's zhaif
Thank God he knows that its gif and not gif
its 'gif' not 'gif', get over it.
correct me if i'm wrong, but i think it's GIF not GIF
What about pronouncing it in other languages? Do most languages pronounce it "GIF", or "GIF"?
I use a hard G because otherwise I think of peanut butter pictures.
Other point: Yiff is also a word and "a victory for the yiffers" is pretty hilarious to hear
It's pronounced "web-em". The argument over gif will be ended by obsoletion not linguists.
just spell it out. G. I. F.
Can you please please please make a video about editing your videos? Maybe a Behind the scenes but mainly on editing- I really want to become an editor and I think your video edits are absolutely amazing.
That's it I am just gonna pronounce gif as haif like in the word Haifa.
nice
The only important video on youtube nowadays
So I can pronounce Apple as Scam?
Red and Blue? Did tom just politicize the pronunciation wars?
Zhaif 4 Laif!
Pronounce it however the ghek you like.
Ingliesh spelling is u mes en it shuud be rieformed
This word was a gift to the English language.
*You have provoked a gang war.*
It's "GIF" with the Dutch "soft g" and I don't accept anything else!!!
I never would of thought that ‘GIF’ is correctly pronounced ‘my co-author Gretchen McCulloch has a great podcast called Lingthusiam that covers all sorts of things like this, i recommend it and the link is in the description.’
In Finnish this is easy. We pronounce 99,9 % of the words as they are written. Giuseppe is really pronounced like that.  But many times we would say that /kif/, because we have traditionally only non-voiced stops /k t p/ and voiced ones /b d g/ exist in loan words like "banaani", "dingo" and "greippi".  So I think that I say /gif/, but probably many times I say /kif/. This is the first lesson of Rally English.
The only wrong opinion is saying that one of them is wrong. You can hate one of them as much as you want (gif I hate gif it sucks and is bad dgif is better) but if you're one of those people who will literally scream at another human for how they pronounce it, get a hobby and calm down. I'm fine with people using either but if someone starts getting angry about it I lose 85% of my respect for them
It's pronounced Gif not Gif!
I've been using the pronunciation  "Ji Ay Ef" for a very long time.
its gif. period.
congratulations, you almost pronounced laser in norwegian.
the g is silent
Yeah, it's Gif not Gif.
And thus began the Third World War.
It's pronounced G̸̫̪̹̲̒̀͆̓̓̏̄͂̆̿͛͜i̴̟̭̟̥̰̮̇̓̏̑̒̕f̵̨̛̟̘̹̺͚̯̱̯̜̀̍̉͐̌̀́̈͘̚
in dutch is pronounced gif, funny thing is there was already a meaning to gif before the gif was invented, gif also means poison in dutch.
Me: Both are same
Steve Wilhite: "It's "JIF" NOT "GIF"!!!"  Me: I recognize the council has made a decision, but given that it’s a stupid-ass decision, I’ve elected to ignore it.
I'm from Hungary and we always  pronunc the letter "g" as "g" and never as "j" so I think every Hungarian says GIF and not JIF
It is a pronunched GIF because it is a written GIF. The fact English has some completely arbitrary ways of pronouncing some letters and combinations of letters doesn't mean that we should use arbitrary pronunciation with new words.
Jod as my witness, I'd never gest that the jirlfriends of anyone who pronounces it jif all jiggle when tickled...
tom next returns to non-controversial topics ; which is the one true religion
It's definitely Jyfe
OH MY GOD I LIVE IN GILLINGHAM (the one with a soft 'G', in Kent)
Am I the only one who pronounce it "jee-eye-eff"?
I read the title, and immediately thought; "Yes that's right"
It's pronounced /jɪf/
I would rather no consensus be reached for GIF JIF. Of all the pedantic things to stir up random communities, gif jif is one of the more wholesome things to argue about.
me: says g.i.f. to not make everyone fight
if it is jif, than it is also gaypeg
Gee Ai Ef
Its Gif not Gif
I saw the video names and thought: “YES!  It’s pronounced ‘GIF’!”.  Then I got to the end of the video and was like: “Oh.”
Its GIF with a G because we pronounce acronyms letter by letter together, as it is not a word, this is true for every single acronym, we seperate the individual letter sounds then form it into a word, we take G, I and F and mash them together for GIF when said its said with a G sound as it is not a J, you can't apply the rules for how to said words to things which are not words and follow their own rules...
I've always pronounced it as short form and call it G I F, yes I am weird.
The only wrong opinion is saying that one of them is wrong. You can hate one of them as much as you want (gif I hate gif it sucks and is bad dgif is better) but if you're one of those people who will literally scream at another human for how they pronounce it, get a hobby and calm down. I'm fine with people using either but if someone starts getting angry about it I lose 85% of my respect for them
30% of people pronounce it JIF? That's much hijher than i thoujht
"Your brain instantly tried to match then to patterns you already knew." I mean it did but neither of these. For several years, until it became more commonly spoken, I pronounced it like an acronym. Gee eye eff. Then I switched to hard g gif because that was the first pronunciation I heard.
In spanish people say gif with the hard g
You see, the reason why I pronounce gif with a J sound is cause when i first saw a gif of some internet clip, I didn't know it was the name of the file type. I just thought, "Oh, that was kind of short and it repeats itself over and over again. I guess it's pronounced jif cause it ends in a jiffy."  So yeah, that's how I came to that pronunciation. Cause gifs end in a jiff.
We’ve solved the worlds hardest mystery, scientifically.
it's obviously pronounced *Gif,* Get it right people..
you fools, of course it's pronounced *ZHGZDHZGDHZGDZHGZDHZGDZHGDZHGZDHZGDZHGZD* if  can't believe you would think it's anything else
This actually came to mind last night, and Old English samples found a word “gif” that was actually pronounced “yif”
Graphic = Hard G Sorry. No exceptions. Your explanation was not sufficient. Laser is not pronounced "Lassere" because english has no word that sounds like that.
Hahahahaha it’s Jif
In Dutch gif is poison, pronounced with a G.. So that's easy for us Dutchies.
I just recently realized that margerine is actually spelled "margarine". You have no idea how upset this makes me.
I love Tom sneaking in pronounciation instead of pronunciation - at least I hope that’s what he was doing
Reminds of the "Its Data not Data"
If anyone is genuinely wondering how to say GIF,  be literal. It's pronounced jee - eye - ef.
Some say its gif, others say its gif. But I personally say its gif.
THANK YOU!
I say JIF cause no matter how many times I try to say GIF it just makes me uncomfortable
The G is silent, it's pronounced if.
...anyone else who just calls it G I F...?
now you need to do a usage heat map with both Gillinghams marked on the map!
Hey Tom, the video broke at the end.  What's the correct answer?
I don't care what is correct. I choose hard g. If you don't I simply think less of you. 😁
If I had to gander, the word "gift" is extremely close to gif, which is why so many people say gif and not jif.  Now is it studio Ghibli or Ghibli? There's the real question.
No
Jiff
I think that the biggest thing that influenced my pronounciation of GIF with a soft "g" was the cleaning product Jif (which has subsequently become known as Cif in certain countries, including mine).
As a native german speaker, the left one was the way I pronounced it when I first saw it. Since then I've kept using it.
i pronounce it with a hard G, because i'm dutch and gif is a dutch word meaning poison.
I prefer dʒɪf.
Actually, I think that GIF sounds a lot better
I just asked my google home. It answered with a hard g. And Joojle knows everything.
The “i” is pronounced “e”, it’s actually Jeff
I pronounce it GEee Iiiii Efff
huh cool
Good job Tom, now make a video on whether a scone is pronounced like "scone" or "scone".
1:59 don't say that Tom, the world is not prepared, nor are we
The title: *"It's pronounced GIF"*   Understandable, have a nice day...
It should be pronounced like the g in gigantic
*It's both.*
People who pronounce it as gif are very mad right now
The word is spelled "GIF" and you have a choice to pronounce it "gif" or "jiff"
I'm sorry, the only true correct way to pronounce GIF is - ʒaif.
This video needs to be a neutral video
I just say gjif. No need to argue.
Gif... End of
As a Brazilian I pronunciate it GIF.
I don’t care how you pronounce it. It’s GIF!
Now I have something new I can use to annoy friends
I wholly agree with Tom here. The correct pronunciation is: *car crash noise*
if you say jiff, you're either a boomer or born less than 15 yrs ago
I think that this word should not be pronounced out loud ever. Cause we can all agree its simply GIF when written down.
Oh god fucking damnit its pronounced as Jeff.
It’s actually pronounced Jeff
It's all fun and games until you realise gif is also a Dutch word, pronounced of course with a Dutch G
If you say it other way why don't you just change the rule for that word?
I am from Scotland and say jif
GIF with a hard G; soft G is just a J in disguise
The video that we ALL needed
I pronounce it 'yiff'
I hope Apple, Google or Microsoft come out with a really popular and completely unrelated .jif -format. Then there is no choice anymore, if you don't want mixups.
It's pronounced gif not gif
Some people: It's GIF. Other people: It's JIF. Me: Oh, I thought it was G-I-F.
Uh oh Tom be careful we don't want you to be run over by the bus of the linguists mafia.
you can't mispronounce AVIF
Yep, definitely gif.
In politics a 70/30 vote split would definitely be a landslide
Idea Channel solved this argument years ago with their pronunciation of gif: ʒaɪf
My God, I'm glad I'm Danish where "g" is always hard at the start of a word.
It's gif, because in my mother tonge we haven't got the /dz/ sound, so every g is a g, not a j.
The idea that the creator of a word could be wrong about the pronunciation is idiotic. The 'fact' that the correvt pronunciation is decided 'by the people' is merely an opinion most linguists agree on, it's not a 'natural law'. So telling someone 'that's not how this works' when they call people out for their incorrect pronunciation is presumptuous and pretentious.
it's pronounced gif and jif  why can't we all just get along
"I recognise the Council has made a decision, but given that it's a stupid-ass decision, I've elected to ignore it" - Nick Fury  It's /ɡɪf/, get over it.
The g in GIF is pronounced like the g in garage
Now I want to call it Gif just to annoy the inventor >:D
Would be interesting to know if, taking the full phrase of GIF, and finding words that 1) start with it and 2) have it in them to see how they work. The only word I've ever thought of was gift.(un?)fortunately, with at least a quick google search, it seems like everything else has gift as a base, so it may not be a hyper-informed method of choosing, but to me, that lends credence that it should be GI(t)
I despise the soft G because that's what the letter J is for, while the hard G is a unique sound that you can't use anything else to make, so when people push to use a soft G everywhere, that's exterminating a phoneme.  Also nobody cares about the dumb peanut butter brand pun.
I always say gif. Its weird others say gif.
Gif or gif? Just as I could pronounce either as either or either, most of the time I say either.
It's gif because gift isn't pronounced jift.
My native language is French and I encountered .gif files in my life before I had learned how the English language had different pronunciations for gi- and in french gi- is always pronounced like 'jif' (without initial d-) so I pronounce it either 'jif' when speaking French or 'djif' when speaking English.
Why does English even have two ways of pronouncing 'G'?
It’s pronounced GIFE.
also it's +1 letter in my native tongue for "jif", so sticking with "gif" thanks
Clever title
bruh I always spelled the entire word G.I.F
scubba
Am I the only one who pronounces it as G. I. F. (i.e all letters individually)
I don't even know Laser is an acronym, I love this guy
Very easy debate: show GIF to a bunch of Amish people, and however they pronounce it is the way you'd naturally pronounce it with no foreknowledge.  What do you mean, different linguistic background, that sounds like an excuse
Am I the only one who says "Jee Ai Eff"?
I’m right. Is that the point?
The G stands for Graphics so it's a hard G.. there done
Jaffical Interchange Format?
Just call it G,I,F
I prefer to pronounce it "IF."
i actually live in one of the Gillinghams!!!(can you guess which?) We have a nice field about 30 metres away from my house :)
remove this video. it upsets me.
Unfortunately, it's pronounced like yiff
It’s definitely Gif
nO
"Graphics, not Girrafics"  lmaoooo 😂😂
I swear to god, let's accept that the only way to win this is to out live the other pronunciation. It's a war of attrition, not a race.
If you pronounce GIF as GIF and not as GIF, you're a psychopath.
I pronounce it ‘Jee-Aye-Eff’ Rip me to shreds in the replies I guess but that’s how I say it
it's pronounced "yiff"
Excuse me, laser and scuba is an acronym? wtf my life has been a lie...
Swedish solves this problem. Consonants followed by a soft vowel (EYIÄÖ) are pronounced with a soft consonant (gif=Jif). Unfortunately we have a lot of exceptions and words borrowed from other languages usually don’t follow this rule.
Chif.
If it were the Giraffe Interchange Format then Jif is fine, but it’s not, it’s the Graphics Interchange Format.
You troll! 😁
1:27 - this is actually because the English language is stupid.  In Serbia, we write things as we say it - ex. 'j' has the same sound no matter where or in what word it is located
Is this what you're going to do today, Tom scott? You're going to start fights?
How about we just say it by each letters like G I F
Guys do you say data or data?
Tom scott has stop the war
As a Dutch speaker, I say 'gif'
It's fig.
Gif is to Gift as Gin is to Ginmormous.
In my opinion Gif is most like gift which is why it is pronounced as Gif not jif.
It's Jeff.    ...or Geff?
Anyone who says GIF is dumb. It's clearly GIF.
For some reason the thumbnail reminds me of the bad green screen video
I was aware of Gillingham, but I'd never heard of Gillingham before.
I pronounce it as G.I.F.
Let's settle this once and for all. Is it pronounced gif or gif? a. gif b. gif
The title really solved the problem for me
I went with Mike Rugnetta on this one. Whenever someone corrects me (however I say GIF) I start saying zhaif instead.
I just wish people wouldn't laugh or say I was wrong when I pronounce gif 😥
Just call it G-I-F instead of GIF OR "JIF"
This is like the debate between data and data. Personally, i prefer to say data, and I'm just as tolerant of people who say data instead.
Remember when every gif had that message on the bottom "Make GIFs at GIFSOUP.COM" I misread it as "gift-soup" so I just said it like gift ever since
In conclusion: The english language is stupid. gif and gif are both the wrong pronounciations, because the whole language makes no sense. Just use another language
Why can’t both be correct? The only people who are wrong are the people saying the other people are wrong.
Schrodinger's GIF. It's pronounced both Gif and Jif at the same time until someone starts an argument about it.
I pronounce it as GIF and always will do, I just don't like 'jif' just sounds bad
And here I am pronouncing it as G.I.F
everybody knows it's pronounced /jɪf/
It’s pronounced gif. Point.
For crap's sake people, GIF is a pun. "Choosy developers choose GIF." How can you not respect the pun.
I literally call it Jee Ai Ef. I feel like an alien now.
I always thought it was Gif with a G because in America we use the GI words not Ji sounding words like like gift give gill etc
I didn’t even know that laser was an acronym
Not everyone is a native English speaker. Us Germans say Gif obviously.
Inventor of a word get's to determine how it's pronounced. That's kinda the idea of inventing a word.
well, the debates will continue
I know the creator of the format says "Jiff".  I don't care.  I will always say Gif.
Here is the end of the debate on ALL WORDS. The creator of a word literally has no say in its pronunciation. Really none. Reality is words are not made by one person, but a collection of people who agree to call something a set of letters and sounds. So when the majority say it is Gif as in Gift. Then that is how it is pronounced. Period. Because language has 1 true rule and 1 true rule only. Majority rules.
I pronounce it with a hard g in English, but with a soft g in French, so…
lets just use apng instead
I didn't know that this debate was so important
Tis indeed gif
It’s not peanut butter
OF COURSE it's .gif - only trolls pronounce it gif.
'hard g' sounds to me like it would be pronounced 'juh' because I would describe the j sound as more jagged or rough but it's actually the opposite.
I pronounce it Gif these days and it makes me slightly guilty that I've changed sides.
I'm Tom Scott, and I'm here teaching you about the ways to say GIF.
In german it's just gif, cause there is no g's that are pronounced like a j
Chad gif gs virgin gif
Anyone else crossed their fingers hoping they were correct?
Jif?
No lie I pronounce it GIF because of the “Gi” in Gilligan’s Island.
I’m so glad the linguistics videos are back!
*Jeff
Can we, as the internet, just decide a word is pronounced completely differently from it's spelling? Like can we say GIF is pronounced Pigeon and then if enough of us use this pronunciation it will make it's way into the dictionary?
copout
I mean, we all know how everyone's favourite long-necked image format the gifaffe is pronounced.  But that's wrong.
obviously it's pronounced jive
Gif
Did anybody else get distracted trying to pronounce it 'psycholinjuistics'?
I'm sorry , but all the tech noobs that came around 20 years after us tech nerds were very familiar with the word dont get to define how its spoken.  do we really want all the idiots that didnt have a clue about tech until the iphone to be the ones defining tech words?  what else do the unwashed masses get to take away from us nerds?
i like to annoy both camps equally, by pronouncing it yiff
"They guy who invented it also saysd that it's pronounced "jif"" -"You mean the Jouy said that?"
Finally got that sorted.... I'm German, so it's a hard »g« for me either way 😅
dustin from smarter everyday should watch this video
Meanwhile me who spelt it as "gee-ai-eff" 😭😭😭
It's pronounced JEFF.
Well according to that slide, it's obviously pronounced "yif"!
Forget GIFs, I just found out I've been saying Gib wrong my whole life.
I actually grew up in Gillingham, pronounced with a 'G' sound and I when I moved away to university I kept having to explain to people that I was from Dorset not Kent, I can relate to Mr. Wilhite.
easy it's tif
Nah it pronounced GIF
english is so weird
It's pronounced GIF, not GIF.
I agree, it's gif for sure
Its a GIF to all of humanity
It's pronounced covfefe, Trump did it right.
All right it is pronounced "GIF".
zhaif [ʒaɪf]
christ people you're all wrong, its gith..
Nooo it's pronounced Jeff
gif (pronounced ‘yiff’)
Oh, here we go.  Tom, you've set the Internet aflame.  This won't go down easy.
Team Gif but with a J
Finnaly, someone who speaks English
even though the creator says jiff it should be pronounced gif
GIF WITH A J SOUND FTW! Gif with a "guh" sounds gross and bad
the problem with saying it the way tha creator stated it should be said is that there's a rapidly increasingly popular internet culture that already uses that pronunciation XDDDD
I pronounce every individual letter G I F
Wait wait wait wait “two English towns, a couple hundred miles apart” I think Tom is trying to get any he citizenships has revoked in everywhere but America
Imagine saying GIF instead of GIF
Tom sneaking in a "pronounciations" is the linguistics nerd equivalent of flag burning.
I've always said Jif. But everyone I know says Gif and I nearly converted until the creator said it should be Jif. The creator has final say.
I pronounce it as gif-
ok from now on I'll call it the Jraphics interchange format.
The good guy who gave us GIFs needs to give in and get gone.
What a nice voice
Same but doge?
I feel like I just watched a really detailed Electric Company segment
haha I'm from the Netherlands so we pronounce it with the Dutch 'g'. No debate!
This guy should be an english teacher
let's compromise and call it yiff
3:01 ok, gonna pronounce it _studio breaks down_ now, thanks for the clarification!
Gif
"Pronoun-ci-ations' instead of 'Pro-nun-ci-ation' for pronunciation is brave, considering the topic.
It is pronounced JEE EYE EFF.
it's actually jeff  my name is j-
I used .gif files for a decade before I heard it pronounced with a hard g.
When I'm speaking in french (my native language), I say "jif" When I'm speaking in english, I say "gif"  Try to explain that lol
Eh, just replace the "G" with "Y". Just like Mozilla said.
Aww, you avoided the "yif" argument
Hermione = HER ME OWN ;)
Basically it doesn't matter... because it's just a word... that isn't actually used a lot.... lmao
I don’t know why my brain read it as JIF all those years ago. But it did. And that is how I instinctively read it today. But I won’t argue that it’s the right way to say it. Since I never say it anyway. It doesn’t get used often.
NOOOOO!!!!!!!
no! tom! are you okay? or are you ok? which one is the proper pronunciation ? we need to know!
GIF doesn't roll off the tongue as good as JIF  We do that with a lot of other words in English. Why can't why do it with this one?
People who say jif should be sectioned
The creator is wrong.
It’s pronounced GIF, not GIF
This whole thing is silly, it's not GIF or GIF,  It's pronounced GIF.
This is the only argument more heated than any poltical or religious arguments.
No, it's gif
Soft G will always be correct. The majority of people are just wrong, and that is fine.
im disappointed you didn't mention the correct pronounciation, yiff
*sees title* oh, this will end well
You are way too cheeky for youtube
interesting, i'm not from an english speaking country, all the words that start with "gi" have the "ji" sound and yet, I always pronounced it gif with a hard g
Jaive. It's prnounced jaive.
How many times do I have to say it. Gif is pronounced gif not gif
In British English, "jif" is already a word, meaning a short length of time. I wonder of this accounts for all the British people I know saying "gif" with a "g"
I say gif. End of story
The correct answer is what??? THE CORRECT ANSWER IS WHAT!?!?  *FLIPS TABLE*
I pronounced it Yanny
2:45: Oh geez, I would _not_ want to be a postal worker in that part of England.
One of your videos (about the Rosetta Stone and Hieroglyphs) was shown in my school assembly today!
It's called jif!
It's funny because when I read GIF the voice in my head speaks a hard G. But when I read gif I get the "jif" in my head.
Nice, finally new language video from Tom
It is Jif and people should accept it
I was today years old when I learned that Laser is an acronym.
It's pronounced dʒʌɪf and rhymes with knife, life, wife etc
Okay, Jom, have it your way. I’ll just pronounce it as GIJIF from now on
Don't really care, im still saying GIF
we all know the soft g is an abomination, right? only exists because j wasn't invented yet
Choosy moms choose GIF.
God himself could descend from the heavens tomorrow, tell me it's pronounced "jif," and I'd look him dead in the eye and tell him "whatever you say, Jod."
70% is most definitely a landslide.
In the 90s we didn't have YouTube to talk about it so it was up to my family's interpretation to communicate the graphics of hamster dance with each other.  And we went with same sound as jpg so JIF.
The ultimate irony being that the original creator said "It's pronounced JIF not GIF". How are we supposed to read that? He's implying that we'll all read the GIF with a hard G. But by making us read it like that, he's kind of acknowledging that reading JIF sounds like JIF, but reading GIF should be read as GIF with a hard G.
The funny thing is, in polish, it is actually "lass-uhr" :) I wonder why?
When I first saw it, I pronounced it with a hard g, but I've since switched after learning the inventor's preference, and whenever people complain, I just ask them how they pronounce "a gigantic giraffe drinking gin"
No it's not, it's pronounced Jorf, SMH
I read the title of this video in my head with the "guh" sound like "gift" and kept expecting you to argue for my side by the conclusion
It's pronounced "GIF" not "JIF". The reason: there's already a format called "JIF"
GIF is pronounced GIF....
Just mix it up, who cares? If I want to pronounce my jif 'gif', I'll obviously call the gif 'jif'!
So it's pronounced as GIF.   I WAS NEVER WRONG!
I just say “JiffGiff”
I've waited 8 years for this
choosy developers choose gif. that would make no sense if it was pronounced with a hard g.
DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON'T
I never new the pronunciation of GIF caused such tensions within the human race
I love it when Tom gets heated over nerdy stuff
Or you can use the Old English pronunciation "yif"
In germany we pronounce it gif
When I saw the title I felt so good lmao
0:26 That's fantastic and I think that that alone should be enough to settle the debate!
God could come down and say "it's pronounced jif' and I'd just look at him and say "Ok Jod"
im gonna just say graphics interchange format
This video in short : "Listen, I don't have much time. GIF is pronounced as........."
It's pronounced yiff
I dunno how it's possible that the hard-g version is the most common, because I've never heard anyone in my country ever use it
Obviously, its pronounced GIF, and not GIF. And thats  F I N A L .
I say gjif and piss everyone off
51% over 49% would consider a landslide in the US lol
😁
yes it is gif. thank you.
no its not its pronounced GIF
Damn you are so gif-ted
jithub or github?
Saying its pronounced (j)if instead of gif is like me being like my name is Adam but its spelled bullsh*t......
Thanks for clearing it up. So it's pronounced GIF?
Me an Intellectual: jee ai ef
Thanks for finally settling this argument.  *It’s probably going to continue forever.*
Obviously the G is silent
Fucks sake I thought we had sorted this out. We don't need a full on civil war on top of it all...
jif = French influence on English  gif = Germanic roots of English
Hi
I agree the correct pronunciation of GIF is definitely making a generic breaking noise
trunk/boot. elevator/lift. tomayto/tomahto. Does it really matter jif/gif? Certainly you all have more important things to do or discuss...
It's pronounced 'moving picture'.
If I was the inventor I would say it was pronounced differently just to ensure it would stay popular.
Just pronounce it like the Spanish G, the one that sounds like an h. So, Hif.
the g is silent, it's pronounced yif
hahahahahahaha great one tom!
hdf
You should argue MySQL (Es-cue-el) over my sequel next
Pretty sure it's GIF.
It's pronounced 'yiff'
So its GIF not GIF?
[ checks the first five seconds before i decide whether or not to destroy you ]
I pronunce it gif
I always say G - I - F as a moron
I ran 2 BBSes in the 1980s. I was there for the patent war.  It's soft-g.  Don't jet me started about ARC/PKZIP.  Now, jet off mah lawn.
“Gife”.
Sorry scott... We still will call it giff
I pronounce it with a J sound because I always connected a 'gif' with a 'moving picture' rather than a video and when something moves quickly to get somewhere you could say 'in a jiffy'.  So I use J because "jif" more closely correlates to the idea of movement in my mind.
Babe, wake up, Tom uploaded
Next. How to pronounce NIKE.
I unironically use Mike Rugnetta's "gife" (rhymes with strife) pronunciation, after doing it as a joke for so long whenever people would get into the debate.
victory for the gifers
I love this.
Tom: *"I'M AT A STAGE OF TURMOIL AND A SEMI MID LIFE CRISIS TRYING TO PRONOUNCE 2 SECOND LOOPED IMAGES"*
It's JIF. That's the way the creator intended it to be.
I like pronouncing it like gyro.
Well i pronounced it _if
I always say "j"if
Hi Tom Scott
its GIF
I pronounced it /ɣɪf/, gif ai. the Dutch word for poison. Compromise ;)
I heard it before I saw it spelled, yet I pronoince it different to the one who said the word to me
We should just pronounce it to rhyme with knife instead.
But ‘jif’ sounds horrible
Gif crew, where you at?
I'll call them if(s) now...
Two weeks before an American election and Tom manages to find something *more* controversial to make a video about.
Closest thing my brain associated it with was Jif Lemon.
I'm surprised there wasn't a tangent about colloquial vs formal language. The format was created in 1987, Steve Wilhite's "It's JIF" is from 2013. Way too long to let the world choose for themselves.
It's Gif. Like Git and Gift.
he's got a pinned comment from 1 month. ???
Wow. Thanks for the info, but i dont use "J I F " 's
I don't know Tom. Gif sounds like the right pronunciation.
GIF. Like in gift.   Cause im german.   :D
The world will never know...
I know how you think it’s pronounced, son.
1 Dislike... I think we know who.
No, it's pronounced GIF
Imagine God comes back down to Earth, says "Its pronounced Jod" and goes back up.
It is
Use this as a “GIF” button
I thought it was Güife
I respect your way to say Gif but I like to say Gif as Gif.
I'll just call it whatever the hell I want... :D Problem solved :D.
a new language files? my lucky day
...I’m still saying GIF...
That slide! ROFL. Also, the author is dead!
Before I watch this, I really really really hope we have more evidence to show it's pronounced GIF and not jif. Anyone who calls it jif cannot be trusted
Gif
Finally I have got the most precious knowledge in the universe, I may rest in peace now.
gyfe
No its pronounced GIF
Let’s settle it once and for all... it’s pronounced gif... or is it?
well.. yea... we know that its gif...
Grover and George are both saddened by this video.
The jraphics interchange format is great for sharing memes on discord
Its YIFF, the G is accented
if you have to explain to someone it sounds like jif something went wrong
so, where are you now?  infront of black board?
HARD G
I can't believe some people pronounce it as GIF...it's definitely pronounced as GIF!
ti amo
Oh no, that means "nuke-u-lar" is okay too. That pronunciation drives me absolutely nuts. :(
"Gift" - Santa Claus.
do NOT look at the old pronunciation of gif..
1 minute ago? What is this sorcery?
Heresy!
format creator says jif, i say jif
I can’t believe the creator pronounces gif wrong
I pronounce it as jif because it is softer to pronounce and also what the creator says.   That ending though.
“There’s must be no correct way to speak handed down from on high” just gonna make a note of this for later
nice
/gif/  Hmmm. What websites are you going to Tom?
english is stupid !
G I F
I prefer gif
I feel any way to say it is fine. It is up to interpretation. GIF is an acronym and not a word, so if you wanted to be "correct", 'G.I.F' would be correct.
Thank you
It’s pronounced why is this on my reccomened page
But if it were gif wouldn’t it be spelled jif?
JIF is the flat earth "argument" of filename pronunciation.  Just because the wrong people insist on being wrong doesn't mean anything... it's pronounced GIF.
Don't be a git, pronounce it GIF!
If it was JIF then it would be called JIF, it's GIF
_This will not change my mind, Tom._
Bro I thought this was 6 years ago but yay, now people won't laugh at me anymore.
Ok prounounced it too
It's so funny watching this being from a country where everyone says GIF
Why has the BBC not hired Tom Scott?
Now we feast
I'm never calling it 'jif' lmao
I still refuse to call it 'JIFF'
I was today days old when i realized "Laser" was an acronym
Its pronounced "sith"
under 500 views gang
Hm.
You have started a gang war
Gif
gyf
well we didnt need this we just got it!
dou amigo no te entiendo nada
nice
no.
Creator calls is "Jif" and "Gif" sounds horrible so it's Jif
ayy im here at the sub one minute club
Re-upload?
Jif
It's pronounced Biff as in, "Butthead Biff".
Hard G for me
Nah it's definitely GIF...
Ouf..
Tom don't reignite the debate.  The cycle cannot repeat itself
Jif pronunciation >
The video we kinda knew we needed.       Much love, your friends at Rev Media!!
it's gif
No views 2 seconds ago
Personally I pronounce it jeef
Love your Videos Mate
It’s pronounced “Jife”
Hi
Pepega Clap
I pronounce it "gif".
Interesting...
Now is it scone or scone?
GIF or GIF? it's GIF.
The G should be silent
Its gif
Nice.
thank you tom
I'm surprised that was six seconds ago.
Oh god
Good to know
I realised after upload that I slipped up here: if you pay close attention, you can tell the way I pronounce GIF. Ah well! Also, subtitling this was an interesting job...
