Thanks to Holzkern for sponsoring todays video! Use code wolfey15 at checkout for 15% off storewide: https://www.world.holzkern.com/en_world/wolfeyvgc
One word... AURA
taking a shitty pokemon team to my hometown's tournament feels so fitting if you know anything about charlotte nc
I don’t care what anyone say Tinkaton is GOATed
Sandyshocks is my favorite paradox Pokemon
Can you teach my competitive pokemon please
Wolfey… why would you do this 😭
The candle light at 4:40 is a treat
The way all the pokemon on this team are meta now 😭
That substitute and protect tactic was clever. Felt a bit underhanded but it is what it is.
Tinkaton isn’t bad wth?! 😭
On round 1, The kingambit wasn’t using sucker punch because the psychic terrain wouldn’t allow it to. 4:45
Muk+espathra is the stupidest combo ever
Fluttermane is on this team? Really?
The way you describe with words how much damage was dealt or taken is often quite inaccurate with what we see on screen.
It’s such a shame you don’t delve more into your reasoning for bringing the Pokemon that you brought. Especially for a team this unusual. The team building portions of your videos are always way more interesting to me than most of the battles are.
13:26 how is that posible, brute bonet a dark type getting afected by hypnosis a psychic move, can someone explain this?
If you run out of time during a battle then how do they determine the winner?
I will never stop loving how 'Tera Fire" sounds so much like Terrifier❤
THIS MF STALLED FOR A WIN?????? Diiiiiick move Wolfe 😂
I’ve been looking to get into competitive Pokémon. Is there a way to just enter the stat spread and move set for each Pokémon or do you have to painstakingly train every one in game?
You can really tell this video is a year old.. Fluttermane is _monstrous_
yo wolfey espathra is goated its my favorite pokemon to use and i use it on all my teams
If you could learn all of this nonsense and bullshit, you could learn rocket science put your energy elsewhere
I have watched so many of these reviews and deep dives and everybody is missing the secret hidden ending or meaning
"I use bad pokemon" > look inside > Fluttermane
Help why are like half of the "bad" pokemon my favorites😭I love Espathra and Ceruledge </3
I love running Espathra with the normal tera type and foul play to absolutely kill physical ghost types even if that's all she does.
Losing to a team you made. You should be proud.
Just started playing Casual and Ranked like 2 months ago, and yeaaaaa im not that good with Team Building, but being able to get wins with a Team that I actually like feels fun. I mean, with the current format, winning against a Miraidon team without any restricted Pokemon in my team is quite fulfilling lol
You inproved an increadable amount over the year
13:20 anyone know the background music used here?
insane power move ngl
4:29 I always love these moments as someone who uses Terrain Indeedee solely to prevent priority moves from happening, it's like no one knows that and they always go for the sucker punch or fake out, giving me a free turn.  It's a good thing for me that even a world champion doesn't know this >:D
Tiny fish = final boss
How fluttermane has changed
it's so funny how many people's adjustments to hypnosis is just "Nah I'd win."
wait, espathra is bad...?
I thought fluttermane was good?
Wait why does shadow sneak nullify sucker punch?
Terra steel choice specs giga, ton hammer with max attacked EV
"Weak Pokemon, strong pokemon. That is only the selfish perception of people. Truly skilled trainers should try to win with their favorites." Karen of the elite four johto once infamously stated
What the fks the point of the tournament if literally half the players play the same shit.
I really don't understand why they let you see your opponents' teams in tournaments. Isn't that why you play best of three? 1st game is to scout out your opponent's team and the last two to actually see if you are able to overcome their meme strat with your own?
I'm a Tinkaton denier It does not exist
Espathera is banned for a reason
15:25 can anyone explain how he used thunder wave on a Gholdengo? doesn't the ability stop that?
Espathra is really good speed boost plus calm mind and protect.
Wait was flutter mane bad in that time?
HOLY SHIT!! The fact that this is 5/6 of my team ive been running almost since release is wild to me. Its a fun little group of mons
10:20 kingambit stalemated in a winning position 💀
If that transition doesn’t make you subscribe then idk what will
Love this style where we can tell what ur thinking more. sometimes the live commentary is hard to keep up with.
THE DRUFT QUEEN IB COLLEGE
Is this 2013? ❤❤
The most overhyped player ever lol😅😅😅
Bro forgot ge was immune to sucker punch because the psychic terrain
Wait?! My boy Ceruledge?!
What an awful system, It should be played out by wins, not an arbitrary system that makes it so doing well only 1 of 2 days pointless
It took me 1 years to realize that wolfe forgot that psychic terrain stop priority either that or there wasnt terrain on the actual battle on game 1 set 2
Gyarados and ceruledge are not that bad
I thought you can’t use priority in psychic terrain
Tink looked so cracked lmao
If it's not 100% accurate it's 50% accurate
nice smash bros music
Its the little flame on Kingambit's head for me
Eeeeeeeeeyyyy I also trained my ceruledge for defense tho I dont competetive I just use it for raid battles
What a world we live in when Gyarados is considered a bad Pokemon.
Meanwhile my base game original playthough used Ceruledge and Tinkaton, and they absolutely DESTROYED the elite 4
Ababwh
Shahs
Speed Boost Espathra? Leftovers Fluttermane? The only thing keeping this from being a singles Ubers team is the lack of Sticky Web Ribombee
I think another concept for not investing in HP is on drain move sets, or on wish receivers.  For example I run an assault vest set on ceruledge with Max attack and Max spdef. To get the most value out of bitterblade and the assault vest.   All in all a great guide and good information.
Flutter mane and esparhra are Uber 🤓🖕
I understand  where  you are coming  from  but I still dislike tinkaton because  I  think it's  design doesn't  look  that good to me
wolfey wears a mask when driving alone lol
I don't understand the second game in the video. Wolfey keeps saying that he needs to avoid getting hit by sucker punch not realizing that psychic terrain is up which blocks priority moves. He avoids attacking not realizing that terrain forces his opponent to go for kowtow cleave.
This man brought a "bad" team and then proceeded to get the worst luck on top of it 😭
So for this team to be good you need to play out of your mind?
In the second match Wolfie would have won since the gambit was in psychic terrain and couldn't sucker punch. I think?
15:28 Good as gold: *Am I a joke to you?*
Luck was not on your side holy shmoly
I know most people are all about the W, but stalling out the timer is just scummy. Hopefully Nintendo at least puts in an option to disable it one day.
Ik this is old, but anybody who can say Espathra is _bad_ just doesn't know the degree of bullshit it is
This team isn’t even full of bad Pokémon
What's the build?
Lance in Gold and Silver had it right.  "Strong Pokémon, weak Pokémon, that is the selfish perception of bad trainers." (or something like that, I can't recall the exact quote).  There are no "bad" Pokémon, just bad strategies.
The fact that playing for clock is a thing is stupid
People thought fluttermid was bad? did nobody look at its stats
Crazy how Espathra was banned in Smogon OU is considered bad in VGC.
Back in Reg B and C I too used AV ceruledge and used the exact same evs bc I was calling for dragonite ice spinner  Great minds think alike
I honestly thought Espartha and Tinkaton were pretty good
Ceruledge looks too cool to be weak ;-;
9:19 claims Great Tusk doesn't even do 50% to Flutter Mane. FM went from 160 to 78 hp. That is indeed just over 50%. Love the team, Wolfey, but that goof was just straight LULZ
Just subbed to you
I really like the idea behind this because just seeing meta staples in a mirror match gets boring real quick, and it also proves you can do well using knowledge.
There was psychic terrain which makes sucker fail
It's almost like...if you're a bit creative, you can use any pokémon...who would think of that when everything people know these days is meta and turning their brains off
I get that you play as optimal as possible in a tournament. But man, I would get borred of the game so quickly, when I see the same mons all the time.
Was suprised to see spatra be considered bad, on paper an expanding force spammer that can guve herself boosts just by existing with decent bulk and high speed sounds like shed fkn murder but i gues VGC is just weard like that.
what how is flutter mane bad
Seeing Flutter Mane in the list make my bones warp
Nerd!
A North Carolinian has the World Champ difference?
Whats the music at 3:27?
lmao, I love the "Drift Queen" in college bit
31:32 did he just admit to slow playing?
I love the differences between singles and vgc. This team would be absolutely solid -if not outright great- in singles, yet considered subpar in doubles.
Wolf: Tinkaton is bad | Corviknights: LIES
On a completely separate note, the ace attorney (specifically the great ace attorney) ost was so fire near the end. its one of my fav games and I love that its amazing ost is getting more recognition :D
ah yes doubles vs singles  in smogon espartha’s chilling in ubers and ceruldege is ou
bad
I’ve been using a team of interesting Pokémon myself. Starting with Murkrow and Sinisrcha for utility then I’d usually switch into my heavy hitters of special Lucario holding an air balloon with nasty plot and steel beam to avoid the high amount of intimidate users. My other hitter is Dragonite with leftovers and dragon dance Espeed and dragon claw.
Wait, was game one just filtering into like actual brackets or what? If you lost your first game......aren't you just done for the event?
Tyler the creator bird
Hey Wolfie in Pokémon scarlet, I have a team of baxcalibar, charizard,roaring moon, ogerpon,great tusk and kingambit what would be the bast way to make it stronger?
Bro, show your Pokémon stats, jesus
4:29 "All I have to do is to predic when Kingambit Sucker Punches." Psychic Terrain lol, thats the world champ difference Babeeyyyyyyyy!
Boosted special attack black glasses spiritob
Whaaaaat tinkaton is always in my team it’s like my favorite Pokémon hahaha I had no idea
This content is so damn good man, good gameplay, concise commentary, solid editing, it feels like im at a poke tourney
Girafarig has been forgotten
Doesnt phychic surge negate priorities??
Wait…. How did you t-wave the goldengo?
Pretty sure everyone thinks fluttermane is good
Can u add me so i can evolve my gastly?
Alt title: Wolfey gets cucked by rng for almost 40 minutes
1:22 SUUUUSSSSS
Gyarados...not good? SINCE WHEN!
I don’t get how you can use Flutter mane and still be a “bad” team, isn’t flutter the rank 1 most used Pokémon lol? I am new to VGC content and pokemon in general so maybe I’m missing something
Great vid
I think meta teams are so cheese😂, it’s the same 3 Pokémon each battle
Love Espathra and Sand Shocks.
Game two you said Tusk doesnt even do Half HP to FMane! But 160/ is 80 and Fmane went down to 76hp.
Espathra being considered a bad Pokémon in this video is hilarious
This avatar looks suspiciously like the alt save you used to ladder your secret team with. Is that how they figured it out?
4:50 Isn't it in psychic terrain though, so kingambit can't sucker punch?
loving all the ace attorney music
"I brought 'bad' pokemon to a regional"  *has Flutter Mane*
4:58 he coudn't use sucker punch because of the terrain effect
My first exposure to Wolf was him using mega gengar to time stall in gen 6. And I thought that he was a scummy player for the cheap tactic. After some time has passed now and I started watching his content in the last 6ish months, bro obviously has the skill to be able to do such a tactic and back it up with gameplay that is beyond solid. You're an incredible player Wolfey, I might not be that important but you certainly earned my respect with your skills and knowledge.
The candle wick on fire on kingambit to pretend it’s Tera at 4:41 is good
Flutter mane bad???????
I know this is months in the future, but around the 4:30 mark when you talked about Kingambit sucker punching, isn't psychic terrain up??
After listening to you go over what happened in these matches, a thought struck me. Why is it that the main story never teaches you or makes you do more double battles? Are they that much slower? For anyone wanting to participate in online battles, it seems... Odd to not have anything in the way of content for double battles.
Bro....I want to get into competitive Pokémon but this is fucking intense....so complicated 😮
The timer giveth, and the timer taketh away.
The commentary (Just jokes, don’t take this serious): “I’m in an impossible situation. No way out. An unwinnable situation. I must win 11 of the next 3 games. BUT WAIT, I see a way out. Unfortunately bad luck and I am about to lose. Then I finally see how to win. I win.”
1:05 one quick change espathra and glimmera and geetas now a lot harder (switch them in position)
4:29  The psychic terrain was up so priority moves like SUCKER PUNCH don't work so uhh...
I've been a ceruledge believer since day 1. I've managed to set it up in regulation D to guaranteed OHKO flutter mane with priority, but I've not played with it yet because i'm waiting for walking wake to become legal
Someone please tell Wolfey how to pronounce Ceruledge
So now Flutter Mane and Gyarados are bad. Try Delibird next time.
No one thought these pokemon where bad
If Xerneas is ever allowed back in, you bet your ass Opportunist Espathra is going to skyrocket in usage.
Love all the ace attorney music used!
I like how game 2 wolfe over thinks as they cant sucker punch in psychic terrain
That Flutter Mane vs Tatsugiri win wasn't sportsman of you.
So you not gonna to world ?
What’s the music right at the start?
Watching you always makes my brain go:"Haha, yes, I totally understand what he is talking about! 👌😎"
12:10 THATS THE WHOLE POINT
how did he thunder wave a gholdengo
Off meta is the best. I played an electric terrain team back when isle of armor came out and I hit top 500. I think people weren’t ready for it and didn’t knew how to adjust. My favorite thing was that against other terrain teams I always got electric up because pincurchin is so slow 🤣
Genuine question, is using trash cloak wormadam, my favorite Pokémon, ever viable in competitive?
32:50 I was subconsciously vibing to the background music before realising that I actually recognised it xD (Lifelight for anyone wondering)
Strange system? Thats absolutely a ridiculous way for tournament rankings.
"Nobody thinks that these 6 Pokémon are good." Wrong, I think Tinkaton is GREAT, and also Gyarados. AM I NOBODY???? D:  Great job in the tournament though. ;P
22:13 ok so you knew paladin would switch to iron hands but you still attack dragonite who would obviously protects instead of going for the ko on iron hands
@31:34 mans said, "I can timer stall and win!!"  pretty lame way to scrub out wins
Watching this a few months later seeing Flutter Mane, Gyrados and Ceruledge be considered bad is so bizarre
Okayyyy that OST from gravity rush surprised me, was worth watching until the end!
"As great tusk attacks with protect 5:18
This is why I just use metronome teams after a hard day of work at crazy ass Walmart.
Uh oh 😂
Meta slaves be slavin' around once again, using nothing but meta to have a chance at winning. So much for originality huh?
Wolf- I hate low accuracy ohk moves...yet brings hypnosis to a tournament🤐
Playing around Pokemon Mechanics by stalling for time in a tourney is not only smart but also toxic af lmao Edit: Timing out on Team select screen is SOOO karma lol
funny story I was playing showdown with my friend and he made his team way faster than mine, and kept hurrying me to make my team so eventually I just went in with a single Flutter Mane(single battle, not doubles) and I won with that single pokemon somehow.
the ace attorney ost makes this video so much intense
2 of my fav pokemon right there, i love ghost types
I would like to see more of these tournament recap videos
In Doubles, Espathra is bad. But in singles? So many people scream in horror from the PTSD flashbacks
Sandy shocks with choice scarf on a sun team is insane
Why not use a good team?
Gyrados is considered weak. These times we live in. Shameful.
Corviknight go  o u c h
So what i learned today is that all the pokemon i like are bad
Coming from competitive TCGs where the resistance can change whether or not you top the tournament, I can confirm that it really sucks knowing you've won the same number of games as someone else, but a computer thinks they worked harder
if i would be in a tournament i would use slaking, snorlax, haryiama, dragonite, tyranitar give them leftovers and put counter on as many as possible, i would do more specific things but that is too much to type
Vv madami
I was like "how did you twave gholdengo" then remembered mold breaker exists
so that sucker punch didn't happen because terrain was up soo it actually was smart
"Great Tusk doesnt even do 50% to flutter mane" as the footage shows his flutter mane taking 51.5%
Holzkern = Woodcore in german lel
Ironically, espathra is considered an UBER, (too strong for OU, the standard competitive format) in singles. So it can only be played with pokemon like flutter mane, iron bundle, koraidon, and miraidon
Dusty gardens OST at 20 minutes. Thank you wolfey, i love that ost.
Take a shot everytime "Indeedee And Armarouge" gets said
8:08 11:39
4:26 "all I need to do is predict wen it sucker punches" umm psychic terrain is up :/
Opportunist Espathra has a niche at being anti-setup.
1:22 sus
Seeing you wearing the N95 on the stream raises my esteem of your risk assessment skills and earns you a "subscribe." It's super effective!
Thats the typical weird flex type of guy
I am one of those who don't enjoy the concept of Pokémon as a competitive game due to its BS RNG nature, but Wolfey almost makes this game be like chess in terms of how much skill dictates results (the more, the better).
in the end, the final boss was Wolfey himself
You lost so I will not see who sponsored the video and I will not continue further.
Is no one gonna mention that Kingabit could not have sucker punched flutter mane due to the psychic terrain at 5:00?
But why did you expect Kingbamit can suckerpunch on Psychic Terrain？
congrats on 1 milli!
Umm well espathra is an Uber that is op with calm mind + substitute + speed boost
I gotta love the ace attorney music so much , I heard phoenix wright , apollo justice , and even the great ace attorney music all over the video.  And I love a good mix of two of my fav games on wolfey's video.
Wolfey speaking of bad pokemons. what is your opinion about Dewgong? many consider it useless pokemon.
Congrats on 1 million!
I will not accept espathra as bad. Partly because the unique move and both abilities are insane, and partly because shiny hunting flittle was painful and hurt my eyes so I need it to be worth it.
In the second game wasn't kingambit unable to use sucker punch due to psychic terrain?
ace attorney, deltarune; music choice was on point
I kid you not... something ppl may not expect is that Tinkaton learns Ice Hammer which threatens Garchomp, Dragonite and the uncommon Noivern, if they don't tera to another type.
0:00 Me, a singles player: I do!
Nice video, flutter mane was quite helpful. It would be fun to see a collab between you and GothamChess.
15:40 "Unfortunately, Tinkaton gets charmed, lowering its damage by a ton."  ...would you say its damage got lowered... but a TinkaTON ?
Ohh no poke go then who cares....like at all
Wolfey forgetting to tera, classic wolfey
I feel like my favorite Pokémon cereuledge held you back sadly
Round 1 doesn't psychic terrain block priority moves like sucker punch?
This video just reminds me of how stupid the newer Pokémon are and look. Like even the “newer” versions of old Pokémon look dumb af. Wtf is that Magnemite looking shit.
Singles and Doubles are so different sometimes. Espathra is a different animal in singles!
i think the only pokemon that really did not help you out that much is Sandy shocks i would have liked to see a weirder gimmick there :p
Why the HECK is Espathra there? There's a reason why it's banned to Ubers lol And Cereuledge? Isn't that a viable OU sweeper? Smogon doesn't lie.
Modern Pokemon is incredibly weird to me nowadays
9:22 🤓Actually, it did 50percent
Espathra is absolutely broken, anyone who thinks otherwise is braindead.  Ceruledge is a gimmick but still enough of a threat to sweet any team without a hard counter.  Gyara has always been good in general, in every single gen in fact.   Tinkaton and Shocks are both ok, not insane but good enough to be viable. Flutter Mane is literally just a legendary in disguise lol.  Who TF are these mongs who thing otherwise and do they even know how to play?
Wait, I don't get resistance. So, winning on day two is more important than any other day?
whats the song at the first like 20 seconds of the video?
That gut Flutter Mane switch is just the World Champ Difference
Espartha is ubers
Sandyshocks Espathra is a fairly popular combo I thought? i had them on my series 2 team because of people I saw using it on stream. I'm not really sure what part of this team was supposed to be "bad" other than maybe Tinkaton 😅
congrats on 1m!!
You should do a tournament where you use meta Pokémon from Pokémon go, obv not with the moves because you only get 2 in POGO but yea might be cool
THIS IS WHY HE IS THE GOAT, THE GOOAAAT!
Eh ... This is the experience of every legit player before gen 6. You know, people who had to make do with pokes that had shitty IVs because they didn't hack their game. And we didn't have to use suboptimal species to do it, either.
I was a spectator there and you were the most creative player there
Espathra is one of my fave pokemon. My fave set was a tanky calm mind speed boost Tera dark set. It makes you immune to prankster taunt aswell as resistant to ghost type attacks. It was alot of fun. It's cool to see you use it in a tournament as I don't see many others try it out.
use this like button as the 1M finally wolfey
There are no bad pokemon, only bad trainers.
so you only won the first battle of  match one of day 2, by running out the clock?
Also a lot pokemon can just fly and use special attacks 😅😅
There is still some improvement left for the pronunciation of Holzkern :')
Love the Xenoblade music choice
Espartha scares me....
4:26 "All I need to do is predict the sucker punches" on psychic terrain, I don't think they will ever come XD
Only wolfey would handicap himself to a tournament. My hero 😂😂
In what world is flutter mane bad? Ting lu, probably
I thought flutter mane was one of the best pokes in VGC? And aren’t gyarados and ceruledge pretty good?
You could’ve won game one round 2 because the psychic field was up no priority.
I've seen basically nothing but double battles since S/V came out. Are competitive singles not a thing anymore?
Is time stalling considered bad sportsmanship, nothing again Wolfey of course but I'm genuinely curious if that is considered a fair play or not?
I sure, each time I watch Wolfy's video, the more I learn about competitive Pokemon.
As someone who only played up to gen 5, I'm confused af. But it's nice to see a gyarados. 😂😂😂
4 of your "bad" pokemon are the ones I use on my Showdown VGC team😭
I think it’d be interesting to build a team around the dolphin
this video give me hope, I am trying to run a Geeta team, so I too am trying a bad team in matches lol
Man really was expecting a Sucker punch with Psychic Terrain Up 😭
Happy 1m
I literally did not know Sandy Shocks had a tail until seeing you use it here, lmfaooo
CONGRATS TO 1MIL WE LOVE YOU WOLFE❤❤❤❤
1mil subs
Didn’t sub but congrats on 1M subs
It's so boring... hundreds and hundreds of pokemon and everyone just uses the same 10 with the same stats and same movesets. I'm glad you're trying to spice up a comp scene that is ridiculously stale. People are so afraid to try thinking outside the box.
9:20 u are wrong he does more than 50% damage
The paradox Pokemon in comp has been so wild. Can't wait for dlc and legendaries start entering the picture.
I just wanna say CONGRATULATIONS ON 1 MILLION SUBS! I’ve been a Pokémon fan my entire life and have played it since I was 6, although I never was that interested in competitive. That was until back in 2022 when I stumbled upon your channel, though despite knowing a lot more about it I never thought it was something I’d be good enough to do. You inspired me to dip my toes into competitive Pokémon, and while I’m not the best at it so far I think that I’ll get my footing in due time
1 mill! congrats! love your content
Does anybody have the link to the team?
MILLIOOON
My advice you need à shave and are too old for pokemon use it as à suppositry.
Between you and Tang, I've finally decided to dip my toes into the competitive pool.  Especially that last match at FW regionals with Tang and Ugarte. It was my first time at regionals, and the hype in the crowd was amazing, and imagining myself beating out the competition with an unorthodox team and making it into the top players just made me more excited to get into competitive.  I'm currently hunting and breeding for a shiny living dex, but I'm also looking for competitive viable pokemon at the same time. at the end of the day, I'm excited to debut into the competitive scene in 2024, and I can't wait to see the meta then compared to FW 2023.
two ubers are bad lmao🤣
can somebody tell me why earthquake didnt do anything to ceruledge? its fire type correct? should be major damage
I remember watching wolfeyVGC back just before he hit 100k subscribers, its amazing to see how much he's grown
really cool mindgaming going on
congrats on the milly 🫶🏾
Is Tinkaton being known as the drift queen back in college a reference?
Apirl 21, 2023. million subs reached
ConGratz on a Milli SUBS
Gratz on topping.  You styll did good man!  13th wit a "bad" team‽ 😂  You did great in my book. 👍🏾
Do people actually think Ceruledge is bad?
I won and lost a battle at the same time       I had a meowscrarada vs a corvinight I the Corvinight uses brave bird as meowscarada survives with focus sash I use knock off next turn and it kos corvinight but it has a rocky helmet which kos meowscarada but since I kod the corvinight first the game reads that I win
i love espathra, how is it bad? its probably my favorite gen 9 pokemon
"Known as the Drift Queen Back in College" I'm DYING
congrats on 1 million subscribers
This is why VGC is garbage.
I love espathra for the status moves and innate speed boosting
As someone that doesn’t play Pokémon but enjoys watching and learning competitive games, wolfed does a great job of fully explaining the reasoning behind his decisions
Crazy cause espathra and flutter mane are both banned in singles so I never thought of either of them as weak.
Lol gravity hypnosis teams I remember seeing them first on showdown
In my opinion, I think Tinkaton should've been a massive threat under trick Room. If I was designing it, I would lower its speed and sp. Attack to raise its defences and give it the ability Huge Power. Might be too powerful but I love Tinkaton.
Does anyone know why Gyrados is considered bad in pro play? It's one of the pokemon I always thought was busted
16:51 Gholdengo Paralyzed. What??? "Good as Gold" doest affect to world champions?
CONGATS ON 1 MILLION
I'm so glad you finally got to a million subscribers ^^  I've been watching this channel since 2015 (I'm the guy who made that Steelix drawing some years ago) and I've always enjoyed your content so much. Thanks for everything! :D
1 Million
Wtf is this, what are half these weird evolutions? What's wrong with amoongus and misdreavious and hariyama? I'm so lost
Congrats on the 1M subs dude!
Congrats on 1mil!
Congrats on a Million. Finally! I really hate it when everyone just plays meta
YOOO congrats on 1 mil!!!
Oh how fun tournament, everyone has the same pokemon   Very fun
song at 13:20?
You are the voice of the underdog, wolfey. Kudos to you.
CONGRATS ON 1M
CONGRATULATIONS ON 1M!!!!
How do people train Pokémon teams
Has anyone else seen the new line-up confirmed by serebii coming in the next update that'll introduce S/V to home? Alot of OP gen 8 mons (Zacian at the fore-front) and Landorus too, luckily no incinaroar but I wonder how arceus will form in the meta when it's allowed
I use espathra on my sv singles ou team because speed boost and calm mind combined with stored power is broken
Yo, this tournament was like an hour away from me!!
Pokémon needs to come up with a high pressure water move that’s super effective against steel types similar to the high pressure water jets that can cut through metal
"WolfeyVGC 1M subscribers" Happy 1 mil, Wolfey!
Im thinking about trying Ice Punch / Tera Ice Palafin in order to try to dodge freeze dry iron bundle.  Is it better to just adapt other team members?
Congrats on one million subs my guys no one deserves this more than you
by less than 4k subscribes, wolfy means he is at 1 million subs. congrats wolfey 🎉
Can you try implementing arboliva? I’ve been using Arboliva non-stop since playing online, and made it into master rank so I know it has potential.
Great video
In game 2 of the first set I don't think you needed to predict around the sucker punch. Psychic terrain was up for both of those turns
Sucker punch in psychic terrain?
This doesn’t look like pokemon anymore 😭
arent u in the psychic terrain? priority moves dont work?
Not me being proud I'm not in his team :DDDDD
It’s a shame we couldn’t get the actual footage of this fight.
You got to 1 million I see. Congratulations. 🎉
Never thought I'd see Wolfey timer scam his opponent XD
Huh.. Why where you expecting Kingambit to Sucker Punch when Psychic Terrain was up? Sucker Punch would just fail, always, that was such a bad "prediction".. You could had won that and there if you just.. Realized the only option was the Cleave
Started to laugh when Palefinny came in and the music changed lol. 21:53
ONE MIL
Congrats on 1M!
1 MILLION BABYYYY🙏🙏🙏
🎉wooo you gog 1mil🎉
Check de subs wolfey! Glad to see you reach de 1 million subs Milestone :)
Grats on making it to a million subs.
Love from a Vaush and LostPause Fan!
Watching this while out of my mind and hell yeah we hit 1 milli 😎
Something about that match fire on the Kingambit murdered my insides lmao
CONGRATS WOLFEY!! HERES TO A MILLION MORE ❤️
And you bought hacked Pokemon on ebay, nice
How did Thunder Wave work on Gholdengo? I thought it was immune to status moves.
im confused the first battle he was worried about sucker punch but psychic terrain was up so it would not of worked as its a priority move
Bright Powder Rabsca is a criminal offense
Congrats on 1 Million!!!!🎉
Props to the editor who put a candle flame on KingGambit's head at 4:37 lol
Were at 1M!
fluttermane easily has one of the best shinies, such a cool looking pokemon
Congrats on hitting the big fat one million. You deserve it.
I’ve been out for a minute, where did all the murkrows go???
Wolfey are you going to the Portland VGC regional in May??
1 million achieved
What was espathra's held item?
Still amazing play?
I don't know why Game Freak never gave Ceruledge trailblaze or leaf blade.
I didn't realize that a lot of these were recreations made in your own time and not recordings. That's some good dedication and note-taking
Where is a 1ml sub special
Wait.. im confused, he didn’t qualify??😞😞
Based
wait howd u para gholdengo? i dont understand at all.
15:14 imagine being this guy and realizing you have to fight the guy who made the team you’re using. terrifying
I love that he made Kingambit a candle in the 2second game of the first match
fuck the meta game! i love playing antimeta. i play yoru in valorant, i play monarchs in yugioh, and now i have a rough outline for what to play in pokemon.
Congrats on the 1M subscribers Wolf...that's what we call "World Champ Diff" 😂
Generation 12: Every Pokémon in OU or Ubers. Could Game Freak do it?
Took me two days to watch this but hey, that means congratulations on hitting one million!
Congrats on hitting a million subs dude you deserve it!
I’m going to be honest, I was making a gravity team with sandy shocks when I saw this video.
11:00 Brother did NOT just put DIO's theme there.
Why is no one talking about 15:27, how did the gholdengo get paralyzedd
15:27 How did you use thunderwave on gholdengo and para it, even with its ability..
Congratulations for your 1m subscriber milestone wolfey!
Pokemon showdown espathra players:bro wdym
a thumbnail to lure singles players to the comments section is honestly a great strategy for engagement metrics
Legit all legendaries or banned pokemon... glitch what's good.
Congrats on 1M subs!!!
just now noticed, 4:40 for the reenactment, you lit a candle on kingambit's bladed head. top comedy.
the music lol
Congrats on 1M, wolfey! So well deserved!
WE HIT A MILLION! CONGRATS WOLFEEEEEEEE
Congrats on 1 mil
The donkey Kong rap earned the million subs, congrats World Champ!
Yo the plead worked he got 1mill
Let's go 1 M  sub😊🎉❤love  the chanal🎉
26:30 great play ur predicts are really on another level
It's crazy how different singles is from VGC. Espathra is one of the staples of singles, being banned to Ubers nonetheless. Speedboost+protect+substitute+calm mind+stored power is an incredibly broken set
Gigantic timer stalling L
This Pokémon stuff is getting out of hand.
13:25 Wait, Hypnosis is a psychic status move, how is it able to hit Brute Bonnet since it's a Grass/Dark type. Dark is immune to psychic so why did that work?
one day, i wanna get a team with phione going. ofc, it'd need to be legal first, but still.
GUYS GUYS GUYS WOLFEY'S AT 1 MILLION! WE'VE DONE IT, WOLFE PACK! WE'VE DONE IT!!!
CONGRATS ON 1M SUBS AAAAAA
Amoongus.
“After losing, it’s really important to take some wins” This is the kind of competitive-level advice we come here for
I can’t believe you beat TatsuDozo by timerstalling, that’s not how TatsuDozo is supposed to work
I love the little comedy blips you wrote for like everything when showing the move or the ‘mon. Keep it up! 🤙🏼
How does the gold play button feel wolfeglick?
How are flutter mane, ceruledge, and iron thorns bad specially since they complement themselves well with the other three.
I remember watching this on the official youtube. I really like these tournaments
Man I'm jealous. I was hoping to fight Indeedee Armarouge at Charlotte but I think I only fought 1 and I fought an Indeedee without Armarouge.
Great job getting 1 million subscribers!
Does the new series additions not address the fact that hominid Pokémon are enslaved for battles?
He has a million now, *it worked*
I love that you did this wolfey. Honestly, Espathra is my favorite pokemon from this Gen. I was disappointed that it wasn't "viable" and I love that you placed as high as you did using it and tinkaton. Great job homie. Keep up the great work.
Yooooo congrats on 1 million subscribers!!🎉
You losing to a team that you built is really just a testament to how great of a team-builder you are! So good that even you can't beat yourself!
We're these just recreations of the games or the actual games themselves? Because psychic terrain was on the board when you were talking about predicting sucker punch.
Crazy not too long ago he was barely at 400k subs. You love to see it
Flutter Mane is OP and used frequently in Master Ball tier. It’s not “bad” by any means. It’s even Uber tier on Smogon.
I thought FlutterMane was really good in VGC?
@WolfeyVGC congrats on 1 mil :)
Tinkaton and Ceruledge are my favorite pokemon from this generation so its really cool to see them atleast get that far competitively.
Here two days later to say happy 1 million subscribers
Congrats on 1 million subs!
Espathra carried so hard xD
dude i haaaate indeedee armarouge. so annoying
no
Congrats on 1 million subs!
🎉congratulations on the 1 million you are amazing content creator and hope you have a wonderful celebration🎉
I never thought of Espathra as a bad Pokemon. Pure Psychic may not be the best type, but it had Lumina Crash which is an insane move. Pair that up with protect, into Speed Boost, and a Calm Mind, with a focus sash to boot, means that you will destroy Singles. I see your point saying it sucks when going into doubles though.
That subscribe message worked.😁
I am also using Espartha calm mind plus stored power and speed boost is nuts..works well with shed tail cylizar for a free boost mine also has baton pass to pass to my glimmora is she needs to sweep instead
Gratz on hitting 1M!
The quality of the editing is amazing! Nice one!
How was good as gold gholdengo get paralyzed
Why is Ceruledge considered "bad"?
the music choice in this video is top tier
Honestly, even without holding a champion title it's still really interesting to see the viabilities of other pokemon, especially when facing more common and uncommon matchups. We can't all have wins but you did amazingly with what you gave yourself anyways 💖 Great stuff Wolfey!
No pokemon ϟϟ(๑⚈ ․̫ ⚈๑) are bad 👎 ,🤬🤬🤬🤬
Congrats for the million
why wont you use calm mind protect/subsitute stored power tera blast(fighting)?
WHERE THIS GUY GET HIS CONFIDENCE TO CALL US FREAK? (Get it? He said he got some confidence from quick wins and ask us to subscribe right after that)
31:00 the presence of mind to realise that going to time was better than taking a shot at an opponent’s last Pokémon that has 1HP left is nuts
you getting timed out was karma for timing out your opponent the game before
Hey Wolfe, I met you in Athens in 2017 when you had like 50k subs (you were very nice). Very happy about all your success.
I like the modesty in this video.
I'm just wondering, if you Terrastalize your mon, will it still keep the STAB for its damaging moves regardless of its type change due to Terrastalization?
4:36 so are we just not gonna talk about Wolfe putting a candle flame on Kingambit to represent tera fire?
A real balance change i would love to see is with follow me. If a Pokemon uses follow me then every move used against that opponent has double accuracy.
Bruuuh, Espathra is actually so good tho.
Congrats on trending 💕💕
Congrats on 1 mil 🎉
Waiting out the timer is a strategy I never thought of but definitely respect.
As a non competitive Pokemon player, who loves using most of these Pokemon, I feel called out 💀
Why the maths not mathing
"BAD" pokemon is a term made by regular players that cant make something out of a misunderstood pokemon. a pro should be able to overcome this problem.
Congrats on 1m sub! <3
The boy is finally at 1M
Omg! Grats on 1m subs! You absolutely deserve this. Thanks for making competitive pokemon accessible for people and helping grow the scene!
That round 10 was extremely cheap I'm not even gonna lie bucko 😅
1) ESPATHRA IS NOT BAD ESPATHRA IS NOT BAD ESPATHRA IS NOT- 2) man ran feint in a legitimate comp tourney I'm head over heels
"nobody thinks these 6 mons are good"  team has fluttermane  ?????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Dudes at a mil subs congrats
I saw flutter mane at the beginning and I was like 🤨🤨🤨🤨
Cool team!
The strongest Pokémon you had was time and it hit itself in confusion!
Tinkaton may not be the strongest Pokémon in the world… but the moment you let your guard down, she will make sure to treat you like another Corviknight
wolfey really brought a singles team to a VGC tournament huh
Wow I’ve been way out of the loop. Could’ve sworn Ceruledge was great when the game first came out. Wolfey live streams he was using it a lot.
Espathra in ubers ._.
Congrats on 1 mil!
Does anyone else notice the flame on top of kingambits head at 4:36 they really forgot to tera twice
Esapathra in Doubles: 🖐️😭👎 Esapathra in Singles: 💪😎🤘
why did bro change costumes so much 💀
I'm subscribed are you?
no pokemon is bad it's just how you use them
your team was busted
good video
congrats on 1 mil!!!!!111!!1!!11
He has finally done it. 1 mil subs. grats my dude.
1 MIL LETS GO I LOVW YOU WOLFEY
1 MIL BABYYYY
Contrats on 1 million subscribers!
Congrats on one milly
You should run lokix leftovers leap, high jump kick, and protect with fighting as the Tera type
Just the intro alone wolf has balls bigger than the damn sun  Did I think I can win with such underwhelming power? Yes, yes I did- WolfeyVGC 2023
Tinkaton believers being in a galaxy shot... Tinkaton being "known as the Drift Queen back in college"... I know what you're on about.
wolfey really brought a singles team to a VGC tournament huh
as a singles player it's wild to see Espathra in this thumbnail
Well, it seems like he's proving that there's no such thing as a bad team, just a team that's bad at winning. I'm sure their opponents were shaking in their boots when they saw that lineup of "underwhelming power."player is proving that there's no such thing as a bad team, just a team that's bad at winni
Congrats on the 1 million wolfey. You deserve it <3
My boy hit the million
The bkg music phoenix wright hahah
Wolfey hitting us with the “Did I really think I could? Yes I do” it gave me the most mischievous smile
Congrats on a mil Wolfey!
Using one Pokémon representing a regional Champion can work too. I can use Gardevoir with its Tera Type being Fairy. Gardevoir counts as a champion Pokemon because even though my Gardevoir is a boy, and is basically a guardian angel in monster form, it represents Kalos Champion Diantha. You would suggest to save Gardevoir for last.
Let's be honest, if you win using 4+ paradox Mons, did you really win?
ONE MILLION SUBS!!!!! CONGRATS!!!!!!!
LETS GO, 1 MILLION!!!
1 mill Success!!!!!
Congrats for 1 million!!
Game 2 psychic terrain was up, so you didn’t need to make sucker punch 50/50s?
Congrats on 1M
1 mil pog
1 million! Well deserved! Your contant is so fun to watch and helpful for so many pokemon players. Thank you and congrats!
A sponsor I’m interested in 😈
CONGRATS BIG BOI❤🎉🎉🎉 ON 1 M
Fairy/Steel is easily the best defensive typing in the game. 9 resistances, 2 immunities, and only two 2x weaknesses, no 4x. Nothing else comes close.
Congratulations on the 1mil 🎉
congrats on 1 million wolfe!!!!
It feels like tink was the pokemon you brought the least, could that be something that improves your match up vs armarouge?
CONGRATS ON 1 MILLION!!!!!!!!
Ayy 1 mil subs! or is it rounding up?
30k subs without any videos
Nobody talks about the god play of Bitter Blade into the incoming Amoongus switching Flutter Mane out. That was quite the risk
I was trying to watch this as I was going to sleep, but every time I would wake up I would click the restart button, proud to say I've added like 7 views to this video
Pokemon, xenoblade music and the world champ difference, what a combo
He done did it 1m congratulations Wolfey 🎉
HAPPY 1 MILLLLLL
Congrats on 1mil!🥳
Wolfey: Today we're going to set the meta on fire, please join me.
OMG YOU HIT THE 1 MIL WOLFEY CONGRATS!! so much effort in each video you more than deserve it
CONGRATS ON 1 MILLION SUBSCRIBERS!!! IVE BEEN HERE SINCE 60K AND I LOVE YOU WOLFE!!
who here was viben with the smach music
Uh, I would like to do a comp where tinkaton leads with just a ton of supports, and I terrastizlize my tinkaton to iron type to just smash with a ton of damage
I haven’t played Pokémon seriously since Sun & Moon era, but I still love your videos Wolfey. You doing commentary on your own tournaments is interesting and fun with the jokes and details mixed. Keep it up World Champ!
I would have died laughing if he lost a Pokémon to Fissure at any point
1 million subs 🎉
Glad to subscribe!
what a stupid, arbitrary ranking system. BS resistance
congrats on hitting a million
Congratulations on 1 million subscribers
I don't play competitively at all, but I find it extremely lame how so many players use the exact same core. It makes Wolfey's accomplishment all the more impressive.
Wolfey preparing: "i don't want to risk the tourney on a coinflip" Wolfey in the finals: "well good old coin, here we go again"
Ceruledge is a beast!!!
Congrats on 1 milli!!!!
As time goes on, I'm becoming more and more convinced that the world champ difference is simply giving Wolfey psychic powers. 33:04
If a pokemon core was not popular the last time, it would become popular the next time lol. The whole indeedee-armarouge thing was just a repeat of what happened with murkrow.
The way you dealt with the Muddy Water accuracy drop was really cool!
Congrats on the million subscriber!
1M  ❤❤❤❤
1m!!! Let’s go!
I love when you take your time in the first minutes to explain and talk about the team, really missed it. Video was awesome as allways
Congrats on 1 mil subs!
Wolfey already has the title of having the most nationals ever. Now my man just doing side quests
I missed your vids so much! Really happy to see such a cool team find at least some success. Expertly piloted, as well.
Smeargle is just waiting in data files.
Congratz on hitting 1mill subs
“Strong Pokémon, weak Pokémon, that is only the selfish perception of people. Truly skilled trainers should try to win with their favorites.” -Karen
That first game is so rng
Congrats on 1 million subs!
IM SO PROUD OF WOLFEY FOR HITTING ONE MILL!!
Congrats on 1M, Wolfey!
apr16 2023 10:19am est WOLFEY HIT 1M LETS GOOO
you make really great & informative pokemon videos. i truly enjoy them all.  ty <3
I sorta wish we got some more info on the team building process but nice vid and team 👍
None of these are bad competitively. Maybe in vgc. But to call them bad period is a stretch at best and false at worst
Wow sun 24 hour
hey wolf i was wondering if you could  use wooper paldainian to a championship game bc I love woopers and thought it might be of a challenge and you can pick the rest of the members if you like
Bruh esparthra isn’t bad , I mean I get it’s better in singles it is still amazing
1MIL subs. world champ diff fr
Wow, winning by timer. Another victory for Big Stall™️
Grats to the 1 million subs!
subscribe for more DK Rap
1 MILLION SUBS BABY
congrats on beeg number!!!
Usually, i look up what moveset should I use for my pokemon, but watching this makes me want to be more creative.
🎉🎉1 MILLION SUBS
congrats on 1m
congratulations on hitting 1 mln
When there's enough clout in a man that clowning around in a competitive scenario is content. A beautiful thing
ONE MILLION SUBS!!!! CONGRATS WOLFE
CONGRATS on the very deserved 1M subs Wolfey! It was about time you got there with all the effort you're putting into your channel.
do you have pokemom giveway
So proud and happy to see you hit 1 million Wolfey! So deserved.
WOLFEY HIT 1 MIL!
at the end of that second game you kept taking about sucker punch but psychic terrain was up?
We’ve done it. Congrats. WCD
Big Congrats on 1 million Wolfey 🎉
Congrats on a mil!!!
Wait, you were trying to play around sucker punch in the second game, while psychic terrain was up?
Welcome to 2Tr ❤❤❤ Sub!  🌹❤✋👍
Congratulations on 1m
@4:30. Couldn't Kingambit not use Sucker Punch because of Psychic Terrain in game 2?
Congrats on 1 million Wolfey!!!
I really like recreating the games for background footage, gotta be a lot of work both for you taking notes at the tournament and your editor/whoever is recreating them, but it makes it so much easier to follow/entertaining
congrats on 1 million!!
tinkaton may not be a good pokemon to play, however, its a little pink thing with a hammer. check mate
Every life is precious so in any situation the gospel is needed: God so loved the world, That He have His only son, so that whosoever believes in Him would be saved. (John 3:16, Bible). We have all broken God’s moral law and have gotten the death penalty. However, Jesus lived a perfect life in order to take our place and endure the wrath of God. He did this because He loves us so much! Repent from sin and trust in what Jesus did for you so your sins can be forgiven and forgotten. <3
Congrats on 1 Mln 🎉
Congratulations on 1M subs😊
1 MILLION SUBS
congrats on the big M
Congrats on 1mil
Congrats on reaching 1M !!!
Congrats on 1mil
Congrats on 1M subs wolfey!
ONE MILLION
The amount of time and effort to go through and recreate each battle just to make a more engaging and visual video is insane. You are the reason I started playing ranked pokemon and the sole reason I got into competetive pokemon.  Love your content, can’t wait to see and learn more
uhh is it just me or was wolfey scared of a sucker punch in psychic terrain in the second game in his first set…? (i’m a singles player, idk much about doubles sorry)
game name?
@wolfeyvgc in the first battle you mentioned having to predict the gambit sucker punch but psychic terrain is up, does that not protect you from sucker punch in that turn?
At 4:35 pretty sure that was psychic terrain so sucker punch would have failed, no prediction needed.
My favorite part of this video is telling when Wolfey recorded a part of a video depending on the length of his hair
HE HIT 1MIL 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
Ayyy 1m sub
Eyyyyy  1 Milly! you fully deserve it dude!
Congratulations on 1 million to the GOAT!
Great video once again. Congrats on 1mil subs
WOOOO 1 MILLION
Congratulations on 1 million subs
WE HIT 1 MILL
Ur already at 1M! Congrats on the W!
The editing is great, but you need to get yourself a better writer.
My favorite line is when she quotes him, and he goes "uh-oh"🤣
Wait wait wait.... Someone used your OWN team against you?
I’m subscribed on two different accounts and you all can’t sub on a single one??
#5 trending! Congrats!!!
Bright powder Rabsca.... That's trolling at the highest degree. I love it!
IT  HAPPENED 1 MILLION!  CONGRATS!!!
OMG finaly assault vest ceruledge. I have used it since the game came out. I am so happy someone else is using it.
UPDATE: HE'S DONE IT YOU GUYS HE JUST HIT A MILLION LIKE A MINUTE OR TWO AGO
1MILLION WUUUHUU GO WOLFE
Happy 1 Mil subs Wolfey!!
1 MILLION FINALLY!!!
3
congrats to 1 mil!!!
Ayy congrats on a million subs!
How does the Espathra become shiny then not shiny then shiny then not shiny
“I predict sucker punch, going for the double protect” The psychic terrain:
well, wow)
“I made a team of bad Pokémon”  Flutter Mane, Ceruledge, and Gyarados: “somethings wrong, I can feel it”
As soon as I saw the Espathra and the Sandyshocks I knew what he was cooking
Oh you won't ask again, for people to subscribe? Allright, gonna hold you to it 😂
As a non competitive Pokemon player, who loves using most of these Pokemon, I feel called out 💀
999K as I comment this. So close!!!
Ur luck in this tournament is terrible bro but you played well.
currently 999k cmon bois
YOOO 999K SUBS SO CLOSE TO 1M W WOLFEY EDIT: YOU DID IT WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
bro sooo close to 1 milloin
So much content in a digestible way. Keep it up Wolfe 1M is almost here
People just subscribe we are sooo close
Damn matt walsh playing pokemon now
Fire videoooo
I just had a thought would Pincurchin kinda counter Arma and Indeedee?  If it switches in with ET it gets rid of psychic terrain weakening Expanding Force and if already Trick Roomed it Outspeeds and might be strong enough to get a KO?
Excited for the day it ticks up to 1 million subs! Well deserved sir.
The mad man is going to 1M
Almost 1 mil. Congrats wolf
Flutter mane with 58% usage not good???
Funny thing is Espathra got banned in singles because of shed tail support and cereledge is an OU staple
Congrats in advance for 1m ❤️🔥
i thought you can’t sucker punch in physic terrain
Wolfeyvgc can you win a tournament with a slaking and a regigigas in your team?
999k almost at the goal
the problem is that the sentence: "Wolfey has brought XY, so it cant be bad" is a legitimate argument for XYs viability.
I always love seeing somebody bring spice to what people consider a "figured out meta". Cheers Wolfe, you deserved better but should be proud and were entertaining to boot.
Gonna title the video bad Pokemon but have an uber in the thumbnail 😭
have u heard of vivillon and tropius?
Congrats on a million subs Wolfe
I thought daisy was the drift queen.....
So close to 1mil
Just after seeing it I made a note in my VGC doc reading 'check out wolfey's substitute flutter mane. That shit looks sick.' And now I am absolutely glad to get more info on it. It's *really* sick.
Ceruledge Shocks is a SUPER fun core btw, I ran it in Reg B with Grimmsnarl, Iron Bundle, Amoonguss and, of all things, Corviknight (which I still think is HYPER underrated in gen 9) IDK if that exact team would hold up quite as well in Reg C...
My team of pokemon try and use (Hawlucha) (Gumshoos) (Arcanine) (Pikachu) (Luxray) (Sableye) hope he actually sees this I would like to see how this team would play out!😁❤
Not me, we us together. The community is the world champ difference. Go get that mil babee.
Wow wolfey's first opponent haxxed the shit out of him. How incredibly close those games were while Wolfey's team was off meta and hax wasn't on his side is a testament to how great at this game he is.
There is too much RNG in this game
Karen:Could this be one of my ppl?
Video Idea: Ranking every rental pokemon in Pokemon Stadium (for the NSO App)
As time I am writing this He is at 999k SUB PEOPLE! It easy!!!
The first opponent, second battle. You were worried about Sucker Punch while Psychic Terrain was out
999k
31:20 Wolfey stalled and went to timer 🤣 ay man wins a win
wolfe, i have some bad news; i’m afraid the new yt ceo set a strange new parameter for pokemon content creators: ‘any pokemon content creators who specifically possess the wcd will not be able to boost their subscriber count beyond 999,999’. sorry for your lose.
For the record, I actually like to use Espathra. While it doesn’t happen much, I use it against people who use the Dondozo/Tatsugiri combo. The reason why should be obvious, and then I have Espathra use Stored Power or give the stats to someone else with Baton Pass.
Wolfey is a youtube for using this team
1k! Left
I love these videos and appreciate the amount of work you put into them! One note is that I miss being able to see every matchup before the games start (like what 6 Pokemon the opposing player is bringing, mostly applicable to the first few games), but absolutely love love love these videos!
Only 1k subs off that sweet 1 million. Congrats for how far you’ve come btw luv the vids
This video came out at a perfect time since I was just considering using unique pokemon
I kinda want a "how to make bad pokemon more competitve" video. Not forcing it, just an idea if you want to. Your current content is absolutely fantastic and I literally drop whatever I'm doing when I get the notification that you posted a new video to watch it. Thanks for being such a great content creator and congrats on 1 mil!
CONGRATS ON 1 MILL SUBS
4:50 how could Kingambit even Sucker punch, when psychic surge cancels priority moves????
I was IV breeding cerulege, and I found a shiny on my second egg. I did have masuda and charm tho.
Kinda sad to not get a team explanation in this video, especially considering how unorthodox it seemed to be.
Im checking your channel every. At last! A new upload ❤❤❤
Flutter Mane takes 82 out of 160 HP "Doesn't even do 50% to Flutter Mane" ... Math is hard.
stg wolfey has some really bad luck overall there's no way
aint no way gyarados is considered bad, he may have low usage but hes been amazing in like literally every gen ever
music @ 14:12?
fucking love these videos man props to whoever edits them.
Is that xenoblade music? I love this video
15:44 tinkaton attack gets lowered by at “ton”. 🥁
Day 2 round 1 stall win was honestly so smart as hell. My dumbass would have attacked and missed 😂
The fact that wolfey brought these pokemon to a tournament and made a content out of it is just awesome.
15:29 how tf do you even thunderwave Gholdengo? (I forgot Mold Breaker exists)
Bro needs 2k more subs💀
Love the video good job Wolfey!!
Doesn’t psychic terrain block sucker punch in game 1 round 2
4:50 is the terrain here not Psychic terrain? Doesn't it stop priority moves thus preventing Kingambit from using Sucker Punch? I'm kinda confuse as to why Wolfie is threatened with it  Edit: so Psychic terrain does not prevent prio attacks, it only stops grounded pokemon from getting hit by one. That's my bad
Gyrados isn’t good? I’m not a pro player or nothin but I use him in showdown all the time and he slaps.
Wolfey talking about sucker punch while psychic terrain is acrive 😮
use pikachu in a tournament. you can give it a light ball to make it better
My guy you are so close to 1 mil subs
Wait, why is gyarados bad?
wolfe glick, the king of timer stall 👑
The play against tatsugiri is so good, using such exploit to win a game is so smart
Wolfey will you do more videos like "leafeon to #1" plz, they dont need to be ultra edited
I’m pretty sure only 5 of those Pokémon are considered bad.  Flutter Mane has a 79% usage rate from what I’ve heard.  Pretty sure that one is considered extremely good by basically everyone.
9:20 fun fact: 78hp is less than 50% of 160 which means it actually did over 50% of hp
My ceruledge is also bulky. I used to run speed EVs, but once I noticed it still wasn't out speeding most things I put them into bulk instead. Much better
15:27 doesnt gholdengo have good as gold???
PERSONA 5 MUSIC GOES HARDDDD
NEW WOLFEY WIDEOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I've been watching your channel for quite a long time, but never suscribed, lol, dunno why. 11:46 But you convinced me. xD
I threw you the subscribe on the condition you work on your Pokémon pronunciations moving forward. Lol
Hello, I need help understanding one thing How did ThunderWave affect Gholdengo? I thought that due to its ability, it wouldn't have worked.
11:55 lol
Guys subscribe!
Gotta love bashing Fissure and then spamming Hypnosis. And I say this as someone who enjoys your videos a lot.  But Van, you say, it's totally different. It's 60% vs 30% accuracy and it's Sleep vs OHKO. Yes, I am aware of these things. But ultimately it's still the same basic idea. In a bad matchup and/or a bad situation, you click a high risk high reward move to bail you out.
Espathra is not at all bad that shit broken lmao
You're 2000 away I'll sub to help you hit the million
bro chose to play the tournament on hard mode
i had no idea espathra is considered bad. mine's been insanely clutch but i guess im looking at it from a pve perspective
Who's saying tinkaton and fluttermane isn't good?
I thought gholdengo was immune to status moves so how did you para it?
Rabsca plus Leppa berry could be strong 2 revives
Hoping for the video for the 1M subs soon :D
Also this must mess with his opponents minds. He's like, you lost with the best - I won with the worst. Crazy
I thought Flutter Wings was in Uber and like broken
Bro Espathra is crazy in singles
Yo the editing in the vid was 🔥🔥🔥
Really cool stuff Wolf, respect for the boldness and excellent presentation
I'll be the 1mill sub
Glorious editing and thanks for recreating the battle, I liked every second of it! Also the music choices? *chef kiss* So much effort poured into this video, thanks again!
Gg Anyway your videos are really high quality. Hope you keep up with this type of content❤️
Shoutout to Rabsca. ^^cleave picking up more certainly than iron head. Thanks for the fun match
You know you're too good when you top 13 a tournament with a meme team.
"I brought bad pokemon to a tournament"  *Procedes to bring singles uber pokemon, uu pokemon, and and ou pokemon*
Will probably reach 1 mil within the day or the next few days, so congrats.
Thanks so much for showing usage rates in the begging. Made this video SOOO much better!!
4:38 Kingambit with the flame on its blade😂
:)
most of this pokemon are good in single battles not doubles
This is such a fire video
ceruledge IS NOT bad neither is gyarados at least in Reg C
how is fluttermane bad?
Wolfe is literally going to hit 1 million subs tommorow, wow
This is considered to be “bad” Pokémon? You could’ve been a little more interesting with the team selection than using Ubers pokemon lol use a PU, NU, ZU, pokemon, then call it bad
When normal competitive tournament pokemon is too easy, so you decide to play on hard mode.   This right here is the World Champ difference if ever I've seen it
loves the video especially love the ace attorney music otherwise great video idea tbh maybe i should do this in one of my yugioh tournaments i play in with the same concept essentially :)
The "it's not over" moment was so funny. I need that as a gif
I ran sandy espartha as well for Charlotte I went 4 - 5 but it was a blast glad to see someone else "enjoyed" them lol
If you ever play showdown sv doubles ou and you see someone with a shelgon, that's me
Surely the kingambit couldn’t use sucker punch in the first game because of psychic terrain??
Love this I love making alternative teams it's so boring to just use the same as everyone else! I got to master rank last season with a Iron Bundle/Iron Thorns lead weakness policy flip turn into pincurchin to get super powerful thunder punches off on turn 1 💪
Espathra was a very important member of my regulation A and B team, so im very glad you gave it some love
Damn that scoring system sounds HORRIBLE. Sorry to hear
Look i'll admit that I've only just started the video but who in their right mind is saying Gyarados and Flutter Mane are bad?!?!?!
Wolfe, just wanted to say:   Congratulations on the 1m subs, it’s insane how far you’ve become since you first started 10 years ago and now you’re the spearhead of the vgc community and one of the rare few that no one hates. Cheers to you.
Gyarados was a top mon in EUIC tbf
Goated editing style🔥
4:45 Doesn’t psychic terrain block sucker punch?
I'm Morgan, I met you right before round 1! Great to meet you and it's upsetting that you ended up barely missing out because of how the format is currently, but I'm glad I got to meet a whole bunch of my favorite creators while I was in Charlotte. Ggs, and thanks for being so nice when I met you :]
Thanks for the video! I hope to see more content and hopefully 1 million soon!
These pokemon have low usage percentage  Wolfey: I like these odds
Seeing this makes me want to make the eeveelution viable in a way, especially Flareon
Love you but literally nobody has ever said that flutter mane, espathra, or ceruledge are bad 💀 You can be the best without pretending like you're putting yourself at a disadvantage sweet wolfe
EVERYONE SUB HES SO CLOSEEE
Wolfe!! You’re almost at a million!  Congrats!!!!
I don't know why but i feel like something is off in the editing of the video
The persona 5 music made me emotional
I was pretty excited to see Sandy Shocks in that lineup. Unfortunately, he didn't really do anything. ;_;
Wolfe gives such a deep insight into competive Pokémon! As an outsider, I'm both fascinated and scared by the amount of skill and nerves it takes to play in these tournaments
These thumbnails are as bad as our service at Signature Mazda at the Richmond Auto Mall
Mom can we have tera fire? We have tera fire at home. Tera fire at home 4:36
Had to sub for the 1 Mil dream, great videos fam early congrats🔥
If you did the trick where you had poison orb kill tatsugiri inside of dendozo could you have another tatsugiri go inside of the same dendozo and get another Omni boost
Time stalling makes me feel gross, but otherwise good plays all around.
I don't play VGC but Gyarados is still pretty good in singles. It's just a sort of "one tera" pokemon.
cant believe pokemon is using such a whack system for awarding points. Frankly, id be happy if we did rounds of swiss until only one person remains undefeated, and were stingier with the money but more liberal with the CP, awarding both based on record rather than placement.
Wait doesn't Sucker Punch not work in the first match at all due to Psychic Terrain or am I missing sth?
9:18 great tusk doesnt even do 50 percent to flutter mane if im not mistaken half of 180 isnt 82 (this isnt me sending hate it just made me laugh when i looked at it, all love keep up the great vids and lets hit 1 million subs only 2k to go)
This explains a lot I personally play Vgc on showdown and saw a lot of the gravity strategy on showdown and this explains it also great video congratulations and on 1 million too!!!!
Persona 5 music?
honestly the cuts between the battles where amazing
Can someone explain the whole Resistance thing as a tie breaker? Does it mean that in a tie, only your day 2 wins count?
wolfey deserves 1 million more than anyone im shocked hes not already there
Stall the timer to win a game Loses the following match because run out of time in team select I guess karma really is a thing
i swear zucker punch doesnt work in psychic terrain
I might be missing something, but in round 1 G2 gambit literally can’t SP under psychic terrain right
I think 1 million is gonna happen today. 6 more hours
Cool team I really like espathra and sandy shocks. Did you happen to have the poke paste for this team?
Match 1 Game 2 I saw Sucker Punch being predicted repeatedly but… Psychic Surge was up, that was impossible wasnt it?
So happy to see Espathra get the world champ endorsement that it deserves! If it weren't for the ruin Pokemon, that thing sweeps teams without even trying
Honestly its a shame he couldn't go further, he was really starting to get his stride towards the end using the team. Some unfortunate mistakes and luck cost him valuable sets, but regardless what an incredible run with Pokemon that basically were on the lower rung of the ladder
Yo I love your personality bro
The pokemon he used are only slightly less common than Wolfey uploading a video
Guys we are so close 1mil let’s get this
Ceruledge and Espathra are just obviously really good pokemon, that people have neglected them says more about how much competitive pokemon has become a case of follow the leader rather than about the quality of those pokemon really. Hey love the channel though, you're a beast.
I think you messed up at the 2nd game. King couldn't even sucker because psychic terrain is up
I think that when shadow rider calyrex gets released, indeedee and amorouge teams will be gone for good.
The 3rd opponent adapting by just praying to RNGesus was crazy lmao
two thousand!!!!!!!!!
2k AWAY COME ON
None of these "bad" Pokemon are technically bad though...
Sandy shock really didnt do anything huh
Wait, in game 2 of set one wouldn’t indeedee coming back out and setting up psychic terrain stop the kingambit from being able to sucker punch? Wolfey was too smart for his own good with the predictions
“Bad Pokémon” >Flutter Mane Hm
Anyone know the music at the 15:52 mark? Sounds so familiar
...and it's all down to game 3!
998K - wolfey is so close. Commenting for the algorithm so this video gets him there 🎉
Why do I get the feeling Wolf purposely timed out in that Pokémon select screen… I mean he’s desperate to get to 1 million subs and it would’ve been good content to be like “I timed out and still somehow took the victory!” I just can’t wrap my head around a world champion timing out on accident.
That first guy had enough luck to win the lottery  Edit: the dozogiri guy who handed wolfey his 3rd loss too
I have been running a very similar cerluedge on my teams and it is very good
You said you used thunder wave on Gholdengo. How? Gholdengo's ability makes it immune to status moves, which would include thunder wave. You also seem to have gotten extremely lucky with your hypnosis hitting just about every time.  Edit: Never mind. You used Mold Breaker Tinkaton to paralyze Gholdengo. Smart play.
I enjoy the ace attorney soundtrack in the background
Honestly it's kind of refreshing to see someone in a competitive field 1) being unabashedly confident in their skills and 2) being right
Such a Good story teller
Good team
also please for the love of god explain the team earlier great vid tho
So close to a Million dude!!!
Lols nice my ceruledge set is similar it does put in work
I cant Belive that I watched it until The end and you lose... 😢
been subbed since 50K 😎😎😎
I think I'm hearing Ace attorney ost... or no?
wait how did ceruledge die to close combat  HOW DID THE GHOST TYPE DIE TO A FIGHTING MOVE POKEMON PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD MAKE SENSE
Lmao I was not prepared we jumped right into the start
goat
Will you make a video talking about your favourite pokemon when you reach 1 million subs?
wolfey wins VGC with little cup mons
Team consists of Uber, OU, and UU Wolfey: "Bad Pokemon"
As a smogon player seeing mons like eshpatra being bad is always weird
wouldn't sucker punch fail because of the terrain?
It's funny to see a Broken Pokémon in Singles like Espathra being called bad in VGC.
Glad to see my boi Gyrados getting some love. Took me to masterball
Damn Wolfey/Wolfeys editor really outdid themselves with the music here
Wolfey should try chien pao and tinkaton as the defence drop from sword of ruin fixes tinkatons low attack stat while mold breaker allows it to stay bulky
lol i died at 8:35
Hearing his begging for those last 4,000 subscribers was absolutely HYSTERICAL, and it will live rent-free in my head forever 😂
Espartha is now considered weak?
Wolfey time stalling to win is the hilarious. Flagging your opponent
I sobscroybd 11:46
That time stall hurt me
Question: How did you paralyze Gholdengo with Thunder Wave? It has Good as Gold
Bulky lefties Flutter Mane is the most Wolfe Glick thing of all time
It's interesting to me how you thought of bulky ceruledge when I thought of bulky ceruledge. Although, mine doesn't have any investment to the HP stat which is probably my flaw. If I may ask, when did you start building and prepping for Charlotte since I want to know if i have the Wolfey mindset? 😂
As a main of indeedee-armarouge team, I really enjoyed watching this video xD
I hate the way they divide up Top Cuts...
15.28: How does one thunderwave a gholdengo???
4:00 Wow
As someone who is bad at competitive Pokémon, I really liked the editing on this video, especially how it said why are certain moves/abilities useful on screen
Is there a reason for not using Perish Traps again?
They arent bad theyre out classed.
I finally subbed. Been watching for a while. My bad, dawg.
great video wolfey
almost all pokemon arent bad especially the ones you picked most players just lack the skill to build a team or use a team effectively. personally, I use the ones you picked in competitive except the paradox Magneton as paradox Pokemon have unholy amounts of brokenness.
W video
Love the DIY Fire Tera crown at 4:35 😂
100k views in 5 hours is crazy Wolfe congratulations
Look mom I made it into a Wolfe video
i knew ceruledge was usable
Tinkaton is legit decent imo. Also Gigaton Hammer isn't underwhelming.
We gotta get this guy to a million subs.
Brings 2 ubers pokemon, "Ugh, this team sucks"
Man I would actually be SO mad getting denied a round 3 due to timer stall lmao.
In the second game Kingambit couldnt sucker punch due to psychic terrain. Am I missing something?
donkey kong rap was so amazing for a transition
Isn't espathra like in ubers and kind of op? And what about flutter mane? Also you said bad pokemon but i don't see electrode anywhere.
Just a reminder that tinkaton is the best support pokemon in UU and espathra literally destroyed pokemon with speed boost stored power and got banned in singles.
you won't play cobblemon
Ceruledge is so underrated.
VGC players: "Espathra is a bad Pokémon"  Showdown players: "I'm gonna put some dirt in your eye"
1 million go go gogogogo
It’s so sad that you aren’t coming to the Europe Championship Wolfe
Off topic, but as an Austrian Wolfey-watcher who happens to wear a Holzkern regularly, this sponsor segment gave me incredible whiplash 💀Great vid as always!
4:23 doesn’t sucker punch fail on psychic terrain?
You a ho for that timeout 31:46
Btw, tinkaton is also a great screener for singles too
Wolfey is such a good poketuber, he uses weird Pokémon and makes them work.
You know, I think the thing working best is giveaways for reaching subgoals. Like, if you giveaway idk, steam gift cards or smth when you reach 1mil between ppl who are subbed, that would be real cool. So you should totally try doing just that. I will pity sub now, but I hope if you reach one mil I would get at least 5$ steam gift card from a giveaway)
I love this content man
I WAS HERE BEFORE 1M
I don't get how Espathra is not more popular. I love it and Lumina Crash is awesome
Well calling gyarados bad..
The only ad I enjoyed to listen to, because I'm from Austria, but Holz is Holts ,but the ts is strong, pronounced not Hols
I bet you can't win with a Sandaconda team. Nobody can win with a Sandaconda team.
I love how all of them have their usage rate next to them exept the absolutely busted broken superspeed fluttermane
I was told you couldn't make worlds is that true 😨
When you said about the crit  I shouted MATE FACTS!!!!!
Singles players fuming at Espartha being called bad
Dear Wolfey:  Sucker punch fails on psychic terrain. You had no threat of sucker punch in game 1.
How do you recreate crits in the remake battles?
This dude has reached the point where he's joining pokemon tournaments with weighted clothing on.
That timer stall to avoid the dice roll was actually genius
Long way to say "resistance is a bad tiebreaker system", but I do agree. Good essay!
Im guessing the Kingambit from the beginning was terra fire and thats why it didn't want to take waterfall
And also use jumpluf
Fun fact espathra is broken in singles
I'm convinced this man is a genius
Less than 3k now, been a subscriber for a while, nice to see you go so far
as a singles player, seeing espathra as a bad pokemon is so weird
In the first battle, king gambit can't use sucker punch in psychic terrain. Wolfe just forgot at that moment
it's always fun seeing pokemon that are ubers in smogon singles be bad in vgc doubles, just goes to show how different the environments are
I hope you can get to 1,000,000!
I was watching this live and always root for you because I don't know a lot of vgc pokemon players yet and when I saw your team I was like  WTF??? LETS GOOO WOLFEY!!!
Even if this team didnt win it sure made for a very interesting video and tournament
I cant believe how much love the Phoenix Wright OST is getting on your videos! i love it
Wolfey the only champ to stall for time lmaoo
"Man, Wolfey, you got some very unlucky pairings."  Wolfe: Indeed-dee I did.
3k more subs!!!!!
Wait….Paralyzed Gholdengo?
I have a team idea, what about a trick  room sun team with Torkoal, Ceru, Armo, and Indeedee? Tera grass pairs really well with flash fire on both Ceru or Armo with Solar beam on armo or blade on Ceru
9:20 mans did not do his math homework
Espathra is UBERS, Flattermane is UBERS, Ceruledge is OU okay Gyarados is UU same goes for Tinkaton and Sandy Shocks too... so yeah maybe they are not used in doubles but saying 'nobody' thinks these pokemon are good is literally false.
Man I've missed Wolfey🥺 Good that he's back. It was too long of a spell without new videos 😢 (he spoilt us with a ton of content when the new games dropped) Now I want a new video everyday 😂
Is pyroar viable (honest question)
"Known as the Drift Queen back in College" Sir, i am DYING laughing. That was entirely out of nowhere and i thank you for it. Truly, the World Champ difference.
is this the same regional that kicked out Tran?
Wolfe is 10 different characters in this video.
-Espathra -bad My smogon brain can't handle this
Bro that Ace Attorney music in the background is fire 🔥🔥🔥
Epic Ace Attorney Music makes 99% of viewers to subscribers
Do you think you can try to win with a team involving Slither Wing?
I love using Pokemon that are unpopular, in my team I have a cetitan as one of my best team members and Iron Jugulis filling a support role
Anyone notice the Ace Attorney songs playing in the background? In love
I love how you use lesser used pokemon.  That s what s make you content 100 times more interesting to me as a casual
Wolfe, your face was too handsome in the thumbnail for me not to click.
So I'm a nerd, and I love PVP. But I'm curious, how did you figure out all of this work on tera types and other PvP things?
There are no bad pokemon ~ Wolfey causally getting placed in top 16th
as a competitive singles player, I absolutely bewildered that you called Espathra a "bad" mon.
finally a new video
🚨new wideo from wideo man🚨
YO YOU CAME TO CHARLOTTE AYYYE
Other than tinkaton, all of them are good bruh
I think Wolfey hates Armarouge now
I am so confused why are these pokemon so bad here? I thought flutter mane and Sword hands where good?
4:36 I see your editor is having fun...
"idk how to transition from this so here's the donkey kong rap"  10/10 Perfect transition 💀💀
8:31 I love that RT indirectly gets a shoutout here with Tinkaton being the drift queen. He's probably the number 1 Tinkaton believer
The world champ difference has entered the chat
Gives me hope for Dragalge. ❤️
Wolfe, I've been following you since a little bit before 150K. ...It has been nice to watch the road to one million, and will be nice to watch further. You're an amazing creator.
4:37 kingambit candel
There’s no suspense because you know if he won, the video would be called “I WON A TOURNAMENT WITH THE *WORST* POKÉMON?!?”
Don’t forget to subscribe!!!
I love the great ace attorney soundtrack in these videos
I can't imagine how much of a pain it is to recreate games in a vanilla game that you can't speed that is also so affected by RNG. Kudos to you and your team!
thunder wave on gholdengo?
In the 2nd match of the first game, idk if psychic surge was active in your actual endgame, but in the recreation psychic terrain was up meaning the opponent would never click sucker punch.
I thought people loved Espathra. What’s wrong with Espathra?
what's weird to me is, no matter if you say 10%, 15% or 20%, it all looks the same to me on the health bar lol
Espathra being seen as bad is such an offense to me specfically.
New Wolfe content lets go!! Love you keep doing your thing. You make vgc Pokémon seem so cool <3
Wolfey is the pokemon player i wish I could be - smart enough to bring unorthdoox strategies and prove that they can be good
You know someone is the best player in the world, when the only teams he's playing against are either meta or made by him
The champ is only 3k away from 1 mil
Bro I swear why do people get surprised when wolf bring mons that are not normally bulky and makes them Bella bulky. He’s done it like every year. Not saying I could win but I would be super surprised.
0:01 I thought Gyarados is meta tho?
LETS GOOOOO more wolfey vids!
Mad respect bringing Tinkaton
My man almost to a million subscribers. That's the world's champ difference right here
Wolfey 1 000 000 let's goooo everyone subscribe!!!!!!!
So close to 1M currently it’s at 997k. I believe!
This video is basically “it’s not about winning it’s about sending a message”
I always love pokemon that are used differently in Singles and Doubles. Espathra is a Stored Power setup sweeper in Singles while it's a Lumina Crash support in Doubles.
3k left for 1 mill
WAIT IT WAS IN CHARLOTTE I LIVE HRE HOW DID I NOT KNOW
im really liking these tournament run video hope you can keep doing them
Normally not a fan of time wins, but using it to dodge getting screwed by a random accuracy drop is pretty based.
"If you know me" no i dont know you
So close to 1m
If I know anything about statistics, it's good to get unlucky at preliminaries so you get lucky at the finals.  I know nothing about statistics.
I did not realize Gyarados was now bad.
Thats by far the most ballsy and alpha thing i've seen today GG big guy
You plea to get to 1M was so entertaining I watched it twice.   LET’S GET IT
That is a really dumb method of selecting winners
The idea here is not a Pokémon or bad, some Pokémon if not many can out class the other.
I love seeing Espathra, a Pokémon so busted in singles that it got banned to Ubers, being called “bad”. The differences between VGC and Singles as metagames is always interesting.
Thinks like this make wolfey a top player he's always on the edge an tryies to improve his own abilities in the long run. He always has a methodical approach and still challenges himself constantly. That's an elit, peak performance mindset.
why was wolfey scared of sucker punch in 4:43? psychic terrain was in, so sucker punch dont work
The fact wolfeys hair changes every minute is really funny to me
Now I'll like+comment every single wideo for ma boi, so he will become the first world champ with 1 Million subs!!! Thats the real world champ diff baby!
he is soo unlukey
That “It was not over” gif was fantastic.
Wait... can hypnosis hit dark types?
ive been subbed for so long :D
GET RID OF RESISTANCE its just a really bad system for determining ranking
*brings Flutter Mane
People out here still playing SV. You deserve better. Stop supporting this trash.
Im so sad tinkaton sucks,it(second to scream tail) is my fave paldea pokemon. My wish(and alot of others) would have been to make it a second pseudo(like gen 3) or atleast give it more speed and attack and removing gigaton hammer, instead maybe giving it iron head or making it a bit heavier so heavy slam is good on it, they could also do the same but take points from speed into attack or one of the defenses but still raise attack
Wolfey "This can be the difference of thousands of dollars because of qualification to worlds"  Meanwhile Wolfey with 620 points needing only 300 to qualify - Nah, i'm good, let me see If this supposed bad team is bad USHSUSHSHSUSJ
Tinkaton is the absolute best bad Pokémon. Just you wait for VGC UU.
Doesn't psychic terrain block priority moves?
just saying that game 1 where you were trying to predict the sucker punch on kingambit didn't matter bc phys terrain was up blocking priority,,,
"Bad"
Espathra may not be the best thing in the world, but I have always been very, very confident in it and Lumina Crash since day 1. I knew it had potential.
lol the smash menu in the background of one of the games messed with me thinking I had my switch on
Playing off-meta is such a psychological attack in tournament settings. Even with open team sheets the intimidation factor of bringing something most people consider bad or unusable to an in-person competitive event immediately throws a lot of people off their game.
Nobody stops using ceruledge, espartha, and flutter mane on showdown. Maybe it’s just the effort to do it in the actual game
While I’m an Espathra fan, I’m surprised that people think it’s bad since it’s banned in Smogon
You lost me at leftovers flutter mane like damn that’s not something I would ever expect
Wolfe, in game 2 of set 1, he couldn’t sucker punch because psychic terrain was up. You could’ve won 😭
stream for subs😂
Lmao I used a meowscarada gyrados lead where I aim for damage and testing with meow and rain set with gyrados to use hurricane
Ceruledge and tinkaton are considered bad?
You win a set to time out, you lose the next to time out. Balance ⚖️
i know this has nothing to do with the video, but i wish the ghost blades on ceruledge were longer because it looks a little weird. it looks so cool in its sprite because of those.
love your vids but i dont like how you spoil when you win or not in yor video titles like i knew you didn't win cause you didn't put "I won " in your title love your content man and your team was great
Wasn't subbed. GOTCHU FAM
I understand 5 of them with almost no usage but then youve got the most used pokemon in the game right now in Flutter Mane who is on like 67% of teams
Ummm who's saying Flutter Mane or Gyarados isn't good??? Flutter Mane is the most used Pokemon by a land slide and Gyarados is quickly becoming super ubiquitous as well. And while maybe not AS used, pretty much everyone knows Ceruledge is good, and in series 2, was a pretty popular choice as well, but there's just usually a better choice over him. Tinkaton and Espathra are the only ones there that I feel most people consider no good (at least for serious competitive play) and Sandy Shocks is also kind of a niche pick, but I don't believe anyone's calling him bad either. There's just usually something better that fulfills the same role as it.
I think Ceruledge is pronounced like 'cerulean' because it's blue?
This vid will push Wolfe to 1 mil
15:28 how on Earth you Thunder Wave a Gholdengo?
The fire on King Gambit looking like a lighter 😭😭😭😭 4:35
But i think ceruledge is actually pretty good
Why is Gyrados bad? I thought intimidate or moxie and it’s base start total is good
I think this team summarises the "mons I like"  the most" on gen 9
Wolfey is the type of guy that can take a per rock to a pokemon tournament and win
Can someone explain me how is substitute fair
13:13 major yippee vibes
Wolfe keeps cooking stupidly good teams, someone call the fire department.
How are they the least used pokemon i literally keep playing with people who have them plus i use gyrados
Also against the kingambit it couldn't use sucker punch because of the terrian
I sent your channel link to my close friends… hope you get 1M soon. You deserve it Wolfey, champ diffff lets go 🎉
I don't likes beggars. UNSUBSCRIBED!!!!
Um... Just when I didn't think I could enjoy this content more, he busts out the Ace Attorney...
Predicting Sucker Punches with psychic terrain up. Just wolfey things?
I tip my hat to you, one Gyarados user to another.
AT 15:42 You missed out on a chance for a good pun, after saying a ton, you could've said "A tinka-ton!"
9:22 Wolfey: Great Tusk doesn't even do 50% to Flutter mane Great Tusk: does 51% to Flutter mane
Look if not even chat gp recognizes them as a Pokemon then they're not good, I once asked chat gp to make a competitive team around ceruledge, chatgp procceeded to tell me that it doesn't make competitive teams around pokemon fan creations
Evacuate the Gym, Engage all special defenses, And get this man 1 Million Subscribers!
I'm not the best at pokemon, but wouldn't going for a double attack after losing the substitute be the best play? Even if the opponent sucker punches you get some chip and hopefully bring King Gambit in range to kill with whoever didn't get punched. Also I don't know if Gyrados and Flutter are faster so that's also a factor.  4:50 is what I'm talking about
.d
Timing out your opponent only to immediately have the video transition into Smash Bros music feels like a personal attack
can you make a team with gengar. nobody uses it and i think people see it as a bad pokemon for some reason (i know nothing about competitive pokemon). it is also my favourite pokemon
I loooove the recreation game mishaps theyre so funny lol
Pimpnite would be so proud of the the sets and Pokemon you used.
Right off the rip, I'm hearing that delicious Xenoblade music in the vid.
Pokemon is just awesome thank you Pokemon for serving me for 20 years
wolfey out here coming to his peak power right before our eyes lmao
espathra is nasty lol. wolf, you just have the wrong set on it big dog
You cannot use sucker punch in psychic terrain 🤦🏻‍♂️.
A wolfey video, this is exactly what I wanted today!
If the donkey kong rap doesn’t convince people to subscribe, nothing will
4:37 wait whats with the flame lol
Where can i watch those battles live?
Please, whenever you say gigaton hammer, say gigabonk
Just watching this got me stressed. Tournaments are a whole nother level...
Iiiooo
The goat has returned
Our lord has return
I was there for this! I got to meet you for a few seconds before the tournament started, and I watched your final game on Day 1. Charlotte was an awesome experience, and I hope to run into you again at NAIC.
seeing espatha rated as bad in the thumbnail gave me major whiplash but then i remembered u were talking about vgc.
Wolfey why would anyone used sucker punch in psychic terrain?
4:50 this is a nice showcase of yomi levels. you showed just then that you’re thinking about what your opponent was predicting you to do, so your opponent decided to predict your predicting what they’re going to do
Wolfey, youre a scoundrel for timer stalling the tatsugiri. Shame on you, shame on you.
How is it that gholdengo can get paralyzed with thunder wave??
Isn’t sucker punch from king impossible in game 2 because of the psychic terrain?
18:26 whyyyyy... my strategy
Kevin Shocks Supremacy
Kingambit didn't sucker punch because of psychic terrain blocking priority
4:40 Kowtow Cleave isn't risky at all as Sucker Punch wouldn't even work in psychic terrain, right?
hmm, not sure if i (and many others) agree with the ranking system over days 1 and 2
That Kingambit lighters looked so cool! Where can I get one?
The fact you recreated the fights is insane. Mad props for putting in the effort to do this!
Since it'll probably happen before the new upload, early congratulations on hitting 1 million subs  This truly was the world champ difference
I liked it better when you go over how you explain how your team works before playing the matches
Man, if I went to play and saw that team, Id scream in horror. It seems freaking hard to predict
How did you thunder wave gholdengo if it had good as gold, is there a reason that it wasn't active
This reminds me of a certain chess speedrun done by a GM. Had something to do with a bong cloud
The editing and jokes are incredible, this is super good!
Where am I suppose to use the discount code ? Please
When did he stop saying “wideo?” And why did he say “wideo” in the first place.
Espathra isnt bad its even banned on OU singles
he didnt play around the crit range
You could have won the second game. Sucker punch doesnt work in psychic terrain so flutter mane could have attacked king gambiy freely
If I could sub again I would for that dk64 clip
“Gothitelle BARELY survives” 😂😂💀
How do competitive players set up competitive teams so quickly?
Love seeing off meta play in games, it rewards unique and creative play and takes massive skill. This was awesome and of course Wolfey would push through that far with such underused mons  (PS as a watch guy, Holzkern is junk)
I know the matches aren’t perfect to what actually happened, but I found it funny that psychic terrain was up and Wolfe was scared of sucker punch 😂
you love to see the Drift Queen showing up to this
I have absloutly zero input about competitive pokemon, but I got to say that's it's weird they have multiple copies of the same spectator at the sides of the arena. even if they couldn't bring in more models, they should have reskinned them randomly to have unique colors.
Here’s the thing. I have a team I wanna use competitively… however I’m struggling between picking Dachsbun and Tinkaton…   For context my current team is Meowscarda, Pikachu, Creludge, Lokix, and Vaporeon
Love your content, but this video feels awkward without a team breakdown at the beginning. Here's hoping you make 1M subs though!
I like timer stall strategy.
I have a question about the second game in the video. Wouldn't psychic terrain just cancel out sucker punch in that situation?
I’m fairly new to competitive Pokémon. I’ve never seen feint used before so that was neat 🕺
For guys who don't know terrain doesn't effect flying and levitate pokemon
Doesnt sucker punch fail in psychic terrain? And thats why the kingambit never used it? So it seemed like a big misplay
Me waiting for wolffe to be at 1million subs
I see RTGame successfully Tinkaton-pilled you
Wolfey: "Nobody thinks these six Pokémon are good" Also Wolfey: Shows Gyarados, a Pokémon universally praised that every challenge runner says is necessary to include on run.
I can't imagine how the opponent who had been time stall feel, what an horrible way to play
I am a big fan of competative battle from india
I had to go look up the AV Ceruledge set I made a couple weeks ago just to see if the EV spreads were the same. We invested the same amount into hp/def just a little differently. This makes me happy
Thanks 🙏
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE WORLD CHAMP DIFFERENCE. 1 MILLION TODAY BABYYYYYYYYYYY
VGC espathra,: I'm in peace an is I'm char of my own hypnosis. Singles Espathra: *Fuck it we Calm Mind* *Fuck it we Calm Mind* *Fuck it we Calm Mind*
Get this man to 1mil!
Lets get Wolfey back to 900,000 subscriber lets goooooo
Unfortunate crit in round 1 but was hype to see the match vs. One of the top players in my draft league get so much coverage
The second match of the first game you weren’t threatened by sucker punch cause of terrain
Honestly the sponsor This vid is really good But i sadly already bought a Watch so Its not in my budget anymore
You got this! So close to a mill!
Heard a rumor you weren't allowed to participate in the next two tournaments big after this one. Was that true?
These tournement vids are great
i have a challenge for u reach masterball tier in pokemon with no investment in ev and iv in your team (u can do this challenge if u want)
Why were you scared of sucker punch on psychic terrain?
Timer scam won thumbs down 👎 I'm unsubbing dude only scum bags do trash like that
11:50 buy the editor a cookie
a nuzlocke in a tournament hot dayum
Wolfey, as someone who follows you since you had less than 100k,  you being so close to the 1M subs, makes me feel so happy I've been part of this, from the time of daily wideos to today's quality ones. Let's hope your next achievement is Worlds 2023 Championship. 🎉❤
No one thinks Flutter-Mane is good? Hilarious
Meanwhile espathra in singles.............
as an avid Sandy Shocks user idk whether to be happy it’s getting used or ashamed it’s being labelled as bad
Wait that's actually how you say hydriegon
A bit dissapointed with this video. Entertaining but I wish you gave the team breakdown. Those r always my favorite parts of these videos
BABE WAKE UP, NEW WOLFEY JUST DROPPED
I was honored to see you play in the Charlotte Reigonals in person and I must say, I was heavily confused when I saw your team but I was rooting for you the whole time in the audience. I remember that prediction into Amoonguss and that was insane. Thanks for coming
I'm loving the usage of the Kid Icarus: Uprising music!
Everyday I check if you have reached 1 million so everyone subscribe so Wolfe and I can be happy
I would use speed boost calm mind stored power espathra on showdown, it's crazy
wolfey the type of dude to go "guess what?chicken butt!!" when he switches into blaziken
I dont know why gyarados had such a low usage rate. Ive been using it since release and the variety of sets it can run and typing has made it a beast in my opinion
I love that transition and I wish to see more of the DK rap in future videos
Moral of the story is “Just because top players say a Pokémon is “bad” doesn’t mean it’s unusable, you just need to get creative”
GET US TO 1MIL
Love the different between espathra in doubles and singles, in doubles it doesn't have alot of usage but in singles it's kinda like the main baton passer
That sponser has some clean jewlry
Espathra is acctually a good singles pokemon capable of sweeping with stored power and calm mind
Pokemon
"my opponents team has *enter extremely common meta game mon here* which is a BIG problem for my team"
its me im a tinkaton believer <3
Who's watching this instead of EUIC's? 😅
AS ONE OF THE 17 OTHER TINKATON BELIEVERS!!!! THIS WARMS MY HEART TO ITS CORE!!!!!!!!!!!
8:43 lmao the drift queen
31:45 Respect playing to the rules of the game, but sounds like Pokemon really needs a chess clock
I always love hearing Persona 5 music in random places. But it just works!
slay king
Subscribe
That orange and purple bird is a champion, a beast for tera raids, idc if it doesnt do well competitively
bro brought a singles team to vgc and cooked, only the goat
The fact that this video released at the same time as the Europe international is going on where seemingly every other game on stream has a team with a Gyarados can only mean Wolfey predicted where the meta would go using his patented World Champ Difference.
W
There are now like 20 comments about 4:30, so to answer:  Gyarados isn't protected by psychic terrain as it is a flying type. Psychic terrain doesn't disable priority, it prevents grounded pokemon from being targeted by priority. Levitate, flying types, and air balloon will all prevent psychic terrain from protecting you.   Since he'd already tera'd his ceruledge, he could not tera out of his flying type to protect Gyarados.  Edit: actually gyara is tera flying, so it was always vulnerable.
My boy Gyarados, nooo! Oh well, if it means I get to see Wolfey use it, then I'm content
Babe wake up new wolfey video just dropped
kinda wanna see you use Hisuian Zoroark  Now with the Normal Ghost typing, it should be an interesting pokemon
i love ur vids
as singles player, this team looked real weird to me, 2 of the mons are ubers and the rest are very good to decent.
1 milli is soo close !! Congrats in advance
We goin for da million! Let’s get trending
Best Pokemon narrator in the game. 1 Million and more absolutly deserved.
From Murkrow murking his Tatsu/Dondozo cheese on Day 1 to Armorouge/Indeedee perfectly matching up against this team, his luck is really bad yet he still takes the W
4:43 Wasn't psychic surge up and thus preventing sucker punch since psychic surge prevents priority moves?
Thank you to the editor for using xenoblade music y’all my goats for that
As a ceruledge user, this video makes me happy
PLEEEZE JUST SUBSCRIBEE
Don’t gloss over the fact you used the best videogame OST I see you wolfey.
Didnt Yusei teach us that there are no bad pokemon?
I wish tinkaton had higher attack it’s really good in UU singles one of the top three along with sandy shocks so it at least people are still using it
4k away to a million 🫡
Kinda crazy how espathra is rarely used, it’s EXTREMELY good. Maybe it’s just easier to deal with in doubles.
wolfey really brought a singles team to a VGC tournament huh
Probably would have fair a bit better in the first match if you remembered psychic terrain nullified priory attacks. Mate wasn't predicting, he literally couldn't use suckerpunch whether you attacked or not.
Nice
Doesn’t psychic terrain disable sucker punch since it’s a priority move? I feel like Wolfey wouldn’t play around that in a tournament but maybe I’m wrong
The last video before 1M
Correct me if I am wrong but in the second round of that first game wasn’t psychic terrain stopping him from using sucker punch
God i wish they'd changed how sleep works or at least put a sleep clause in or something
5:00 why was he predicting sucker punch if p terrain was up
The Xenoblade music elevates this to another level
So close to 1 M 🎉🎉🎉
4:30 cant use sucker punch in psychic terrain no ?
4:22 There was no way the oponent was using Sucker Punch at that moment. There was a Psychic Terrain active so no priority moves were avalaible.
wth are you cooking and why is it so tasty
I could finally ise my useless shiny paradoxes
be a freaking viewer  subscribe to wolfy or else…
love the channel i have a vgc channel of my own great vid, pls give  me a shoutout in comments i was first, hope you get to a million! wo chien perish trap is really good because heal pulse and pollen puff on wo chien and gothitelle, bulky flutter mane and palafin fit on it very well, it is sort of the reg c version of your orlando team
Tinkaton may not be the strongest Pokémon in the world… but the moment you let your guard down, she will make sure to treat you like another Corviknight
Can I just take a moment to say the choice of music was awesome? Xeniblade OST goes insanely hard and I'm so happy to hear it whenever it comes up
why does that bird look like that?
"There are no bad Pokemon, only bad trainers" - Karen
It’s amazing seeing that world champ difference. The original ideas are amazing.
I love new eyeliner-magneton so much. He's so edgy and awkward  -- Maggy, what's this on your face? -- It's fashion, and call me Sandy Shocks, MOM
keep up the good work man
Wolfey should try a team where the core goal is to hit a defiant weakness policy kingambit with bulldoze.
Awesome
I can confirm that they absolutely called Tinkaton the Drift Queen back in college  Went 5-4 with my own Tinkaton team at the International this weekend, she will rule the world
ALMOST AT 1 MILLION SUBS
Dang espathra is bad in vgc that thing is sooo broken whit screens in singles ,the metas are trully diffetent
Only Wolfey could do such a thing...
YES! This is the video I’ve been waiting for! I love your content man, keep it up!
nearly 1 million subs :)
dope
Subscribe if your reading this Wolfe deserves 1m!
So close to 1 million
He cant sucker punch in psychic terrain so game 2 of round 1 you won if you double attacked the turn you double protected
world champ difference babyyyyyyyy!!!!!!
This video is proof that the lovely elite four member karen was right...  "Strong pokemon. Weak pokemon. That is only the selfish perception of people. Truly skilled trainers should try and win with their favorites."
OK, Tinkaton is kinda good in my opinion. It matters how you use it. WHY DID YOU PUT CERULEDGE THO!? AND FLUTTER MANE
As a non competitive Pokemon player, who loves using most of these Pokemon, I feel called out 💀
Another W wolfey post
World champ difference babiiii
Hi wolfey
I assume there's a 1M subs epic video coming soon?? 😁
Amazing video! It was super cool to meet you there! Keep up the amazing work Wolfe!!
551th
wolfe wolfe wolfe
Flutter Mane?
Give me a heart daddy
Almost 1 million subscribers keep it up
Hi
how do i git gud at doubles?
E
1 million subs here we come!!
Yay I missed wolf
1 MINUTE BOY!
Ok
Love to see every time original ideas by you
w
WOLFEYYYY
7th
Where was you i am desperately waiting for you world champ love you from india ❤
Big video moment
7th
wolfey is back
Nice, a wolfey VGC video on my birthday.
Finally, the Charlotte vid  hype!
yo first comment first time yay gl wolfey for 1m subs your big fan from 50k subs
Love u wolf hope u get that million soon you’ve worked so hard for it
First
hi
What if moves could be dual timed?
W vid
W
Thanks to Holzkern for sponsoring todays video! Use code wolfey15 at checkout for 15% off storewide: https://www.world.holzkern.com/en_world/wolfeyvgc
