Do you think the Lakers have a championship team this season?
As long as we got Dion Waiters were good. He’s ATM. Cash money.
Why is Shannon such a hater on kuzma??? I don’t get it....Kuzma is solid af
Kuzma  had the hot hand. That was the correct play
hey, if you're feeling absurd or even shy about "talking dirty" there are tactics that makes it so fun. No time to get into all the details, just try gooogling something similar to Celestine Dessike's website, for a simple guide.
Playoff starting lineup. Caruso/KCP/James/Davis/Howard  Reserves: Waiters/Smith/Green/Kuzma/Morris  Third string: Rondo/Cook/THT/Antetotokounmpo/Cacok  Player-coaches: Dudley/McGee
If Kuz can maintain this level of play the Lakers vs Clippers will be 50/50
🔥🔥🔥
First place is locked up why would the lakers exspell any kind of effort on these meaningless games & risk possibly having one of there best players get injured im surprised lbj, ad & kuz have even been playing these past few games..
Ah, yes the great narrative of the Clippers and Bucks don't care about the seeding games, but the Lakers do even though they already essentially clinched the 1 seed entering the bubble.
Mhmm.yep.mhmm.yep.mhmm*sniff* yep.mhmm.mmmm.interesting
Lakers got no bench
Nobody cares anymore.  Too many political people in the NBA.  ITS A GAME... Not CNN
Do you think Skip and Stephen A will ever get back together?
Shannon you talk to much.
Shannon couldn’t shoot Bron no bail 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Alot people should be worried for the Laks
Is Skip Bayless keeps tearing down these great athletes he’s going to ruin undisputed the way Stephen A ruined First take
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Chances are the Lakers will be up against sizzling Lillard or the scorching Suns in the 1st Round....Whoa!  Things are getting difficult for the Lakers to win  the crown.
Shannon always keeps it fair.
If they drew up a play for LeBron to hit a game winner, he 100% misses it....  Lakers exit in round one
Finally I can give Kuz his props strictly because this was his first overall prefect performance "besides" the fake charge he tried at the end. Which almost cost us the game 😠 other than that. I sure hope he can continue to play this way , and nice closer at the end. Simply bc by the way Kuz played this game he definitely earned the last shot all day 💯
Lakers vs GRIZZZZZZZZZ Grizzly in 7
Is Shannon OK today 🤔 he is being unbiased today maybe you should check his temperature.
who tf is MJP Shannon
We need Drip Bayless 😂😂😂😂😂
Lakers are not ringing a ring sorry uncle shay
breaking bad reaction
Kyle Kuzas game winning shot. LeBron in the thumbnail
This team all over the board lmao 😂.....unc ain’t got that “same energy “ 😂
LMAO Skip really said an asterisk dub.. 😫😩
Great to see these two guys have an intelligent, measured conversation instead of the normal yelling, gloating and hyperbole that they get sucked into
Unc had that durag on tight asf last night u see that line across his forehead /up the middle of his head lol
Skip i could not sleep knowing what the Lakers did last night SMDH😂😂😭😭
My biggest problem was in the 4th when Bol Bol was defending AD he didnt drop the hammer on that scrub
Anyone can win the title n this botched season it’s like a new season they were out 5 months so I’m not surprised at how the lakers r playing whoever gets hot will win the title
Shay you know NBA players don't have any pride in their defense after clinching and playing against the bench. Stop acting like you're worried. Skip be quiet.
READ THE BIBLE Brothers and Sisters!  Repent and trust, believe, and accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and Savior so that you can be saved from your sins and have everlasting life and inherit the kingdom of God.   John 3:16 (KJV)  16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.  John 14:6 King James Version (KJV)  6 Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.  Romans 10:9-10 ESV   Because, if you confess with your mouth that Jesus is Lord and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved. For with the heart one believes and is justified, and with the mouth one confesses and is saved.  Acts 2:38-39 ESV   And Peter said to them, “Repent and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the forgiveness of your sins, and you will receive the gift of the Holy Spirit. For the promise is for you and for your children and for all who are far off, everyone whom the Lord our God calls to himself.”  Acts 16:31  They said, "Believe in the Lord Jesus, and you will be saved, you and your household."  Romans 10:13-15 (KJV)  13 For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.  1 Corinthians 6:9-10 (KJV)  9 Know ye not that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God? Be not deceived: neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate, nor abusers of themselves with mankind, 10 Nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor extortioners, shall inherit the kingdom of God.  Revelation 21:8 (KJV)  8 But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.   Matthew 24:6-7 King James Version (KJV)  6 And ye shall hear of wars and rumours of wars: see that ye be not troubled: for all these things must come to pass, but the end is not yet. 7 For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom: and there shall be famines, and pestilences, and earthquakes, in divers places.   1 Thessalonians 5:3  While people are saying, "Peace and safety," destruction will come on them suddenly, as labor pains on a pregnant woman, and they will not escape.   Luke 21:11 King James Version   11 And great earthquakes shall be in divers places, and famines, and pestilences; and fearful sights and great signs shall there be from heaven.   Matthew 24:14   And this gospel of the kingdom will be proclaimed throughout the whole world as a testimony to all nations, and then the end will come.   Revelation 1:7   Behold, he is coming with the clouds, and every eye will see him, even those who pierced him, and all tribes of the earth will wail on account of him. Even so. Amen.   Matthew 24:44   Therefore you also must be ready, for the Son of Man is coming at an hour you do not expect.   Philippians 2:10-11 King James Version (KJV)  10 That at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, of things in heaven, and things in earth, and things under the earth; 11 And that every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ is Lord, to the glory of God the Father. ....
It’s a new team really they gotta create situations to trial and error shrug 🤷🏾‍♂️
Does Skip ever stop sniffing? Is he unwell?
of course it takes one great shot with a careful play, ONLY FOR SHANNON TO BE CONCERNED. *Stephen A Voice:* THIS IS PREPOSTEROUS!!!
Shannon is right. It's concerning as a Lakers fan. Not sure if a switch would work in this bubble. I guess we'll have to wait and see.
HOW MANY MORE
Damn for Shannon to say that is scary
Ppl r stupid they forgot how lebron teams is they always lose before the playoffs... his team's save energy for playoffs
Shannon Criticize lakers even though they won
so when lebron plays less minutes and when he plays alot its still a problem?
Free Hong Kong
No starters but they barely won
Lakers get views, regardless of subject
Bruh Shannon n skip love talking bout Lakers dey coasted after clinching #1 seed figuring out rotations dis preseason playoff laker just tryna play get to playoffs not hurt no cap stay safe checkout The Main Squeeze🙏
This is the way Lebron coach up his role players others than Jordan and scot is what I would have said to skip if I was Shannon
Unpopular opinion: Houston vs Dallas at the conference final
Lebron looks old no athleticism whatsoever
Im not worried. Im going to stay postive. This is KUZs day.
The Denver Rockets 🚀oops.( Nuggets) are relevant again! 🤫
This Year’s Championship Can go to Any team with This Format!
Lakers are DONE!
We all should be proud of Kuz.  Through all the drama and struggle he’s fought his way into the spotlight.  He’s one tough kid.  We need more guys willing to take criticism and put the work in like he has done, instead of the crybabies who always think someone is hating on them when they’ve done absolutely nothing to be revered for.
'im here for your dog' 6:46
I tell you what this was very enlightening very good to see I am one of the biggest liker fans in the world and I love undisputed but I hate getting up in the morning to watch the show only to hear all of the nonsense that comes out of Skip bayless's mouth and him always being a hypocrite I also did not like that when the rest of the world was seen the Lakers fall apart per se how Shannon Sharpe came on the show like he was completely unfazed like they had a secret weapon like Jesus was about to come and put on the Lakers jersey and save them so to hear his honesty today was a very good thing and that's what we need from sports commentators and media personalities it's a lot more fun to watch the show when it's like that because you really don't know what's going to be said but when everybody's just being a hypocrite you can just turn the channel and pretty much know exactly what they're going to say Skip is going to say LeBron is wrong for everything Shannon's going to say LeBron is right for everything the end
I was waiting on Shannon to say thats bulljuve skiiiiiieup lmao.
Looks like Lakers forgot to send a check to Shannon
Loved this episode skip didn’t bash Lebron like he usually does
Lakers: win Shannon: _This is an Avengers level threat_
Here we go again lol  Lakers Lose: Panic mode Lakers Win: Panic Mode
Haha haha why do you think the Raptors didn’t want Danny back.
It’s hard to bet against LeBron, even though I think the Clippers will get to the finals, but the Lakers are in trouble if Kuzma is their closer.
shannon doesn't know much about basketball does he
*Literally 1% who are reading this, I wish that you and your family will live more than 1000 years.*
just because Kuzma is fearless doesnt mean hes a closer.  Kuzma and AD need to stop jacking 3s and mid range shots when they can attack.
2:30-2:42.; Good points, there by Shannon Sharpe...  The part where he says "I'm not gonna just let you drive by me & put the ball in the basket because my pride won't let me do that!" is where I agree, the most.
MJP?lol
Could somebody/anybody please explain to me the 'The Keystone Cops' comparison/reference that Shannon Sharpe made at 0:39-0:41?...  All I remember about them is that they're a comedy act, but, I never watched anything by them.
I'm surprised anybody even got the 'The Keystone Cops' comparison/reference that Shannon Sharpe made at 0:39-0:41.
Skip got the sniffles.
Of COURSE the Lakers are struggling, both Point Guards are out! The whole lineup is a mess. Without Avery & Rondo, no one can bring the ball up besides Lebron. And Avery is so underrated at defending the 3, shoot the perimeter, and share minutes bringing the ball up with Lebron
Y’all need to understand this is just a scrimmage for the lakers. They’re just getting reps in before the playoffs. If I was the coach I’d be telling them not to push it on defense. This is what you do before big competitions for any sport: drill a lot, but keep the intensity down
Some of you guys need to watch the video before commenting or replying
Now blazer is coming for the lakers. Its gonna be epic in 1st game lakers vs blazers.
If you haven’t already please repent and accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and Savior. Jesus died for you and he loves you tomorrow is not promised so please accept Jesus today. God bless you 🙏
You don't have to be concerned about the Lakers. They will adjust and win the champ.
Denver out here hanging with the lakers with the scrub team
Love Shannon. "39 and L what you did?"😂
This neutral atmosphere, has teams playing alot different. Having no fans gotta have some type of an effect.
LeBron is scared to death to take the last shot.  LeBron is a LOSER...
This is cute. Two guys who suddenly forgot how bad the 2019 GSW defense was until they showed up in playoffs. Hold judgment until playoffs.... what round you got Harden folding on the team when his numbers are half what he is producing.
MJP lol
Cause You turned sports into politics Shay. Fuq y'all
The bubble is when players get to prove how good they really are with no distractions from away courts or other preferences there is no excuses at this point so if a team wins during the bubbles they are really that good.
So theyre just not gonna talk about the top 2 teams in the east playing against each other yesterday?
Lakers not winning the title this year. Take Bron out & you have a below average team for a 7 games series.
“who let you in the ball game” 😂😂😭
The lakers have been playing horrible and lebron has been playing very sluggish. However, allowing Kuzma to shoot the last shot is a huge confidence booster for him. I’m not mad at that last play
They won? Isn’t that all that matters?
Kuz ain't wanna hear nothing about no MPJ🤣🤣
They are the # 1 seed locked in so who cares about this game. It’s a Win Lakers in 4
I guess Shannon don’t watch Denver basketball cause that whole line up from 1 to 14 know how to play with each other and is well coached
The entire starting lineup sat because they weren’t changing the game. The coach left the bench on the floor because they were getting buckets for them, when a lineup is hot down the stretch, don’t take them out. Shannon sounded stupid very first sentence he said man. It’s like when kyrie and Kevin love sat out the 4th quarter against the pacers years ago, and the cavs came back to win. The bench was better it happens sometimes
#24 on trending ... don’t remind me 😭🐐
When the Lakers do something great... Shannon just shades the team.
this is nothing new. no name players always play like all stars against the lakers.
Ugly win
Every team should be concerned that is in the "bubble playoffs." No homecourt advantage and any team can get hot once the ball goes up at midcourt.
That plane analogy by Shannon was 👌🏼
The Lakers problems is simple they need a real coach maybe they can contact Phil Jackson. Until they solve the coaching situation they couldn’t win a date with skip. And another thing they need to stop passing the ball so much shoot the ball for Christ sake. And stop celebrating so much until the game is over. Put the ball in the rim like James harden. The Lakers coaches should be on a golf course coaching golfers. And cuzman you’re looking better but still not good enough I want too see more effort.
say goodbye to sports, the fans rule! no fans no money and no more stttttuter .
While I understand that the starters won against the bench, let's not completely throw away this win. First, if you watched the game and looked at the boxscore, the starters for the nuggets were a negative +/- which means they were losing while they were playing as well. Secondly, the bench probably were so hype to play against LeBron and AD that they went off. They didn't  miss a shot man and that's how they stayed in the game.
This isnt the playoffs chill 🤦🏾‍♂️🤣
Defense took a day off until the last min of the game lol
New music alert! Japan by Zaydasickest!
🤷‍♂️ Most of y’all hating didn’t even watch the game. Lakers still going to win. 👏
This was fun. Two real fans of the sport just talking shop. No contrived topics lol
why worried? When playoff time comes Lebron+AD+ Kuzma= Championship
Nuggets dropped the ball last minute with their no -starting line up. Shannon ya need to be worried. If they were to go against LA , their bench isn’t as good as the Nuggets. Respect them the are a quite storm.
I hope the 1% that's sees this will follow their dreams and not give up. My dream is to become a successful YouTuber. God bless 🙏❤️
They are out of shape lol by now before the playoffs they would have 80 games under their belt straight now they are in preseason mode man any team can win now because its just a race to see who can get it going first
I'm with Shannon, our defense is our bread and butter, and it's not looking good right now, I know we could wake up offensively, but despite what people think, defense still wins championships
Damn a team can't take a game off they play 82 games
Don’t understand how ppl call this man the goat but doesn’t take the final shot🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️
Idk about the Lakers they just don’t look solid the clippers are the team in the west until lakers show otherwise . Lakers can get got in first round if they catch the wrong team
The best things are free, i Love my wife.
Let me ask... if a gamewinner.. who would be most guarded , then it would be Lebron & AD... having someone shooting it would be the best play
So the Suns may finish the bubble undefeated when does that get a video 🤔
Well they are a top 5 team in the NBA
Lucky Lakers
ole sharpe make sure his durag tight
i cook one chicken nugget in the oven every day (425 for 5 miuntes per side) and i have NEVER seen my nugget play basketball
You know the Lakeshow don't get turnt until playoffs. ⛹🏾‍♂️🏆
they  been off for a min give them time to find  them self  they will ok
hairless forcer
Skip just has to look for a way to critique LBJ. That is one of the best plays l have seen a coach call on an LBJ led team
You always talking about the same f****** s***
F****** guys only talk about the Lakers talk about Miami heat book about the MVP
To be fair. The bench was playing better than the starters. The nuggets starters couldn’t hang with the lakers. If the nuggets put their starters in that fourth quarter the lakers would have won by 8.
Bol bol is a beast.
Sometimes people fail to realize that there's so much talent in the NBA that a lot it gets left on the bench. So it might come as a surprise to many when guys who finally get a few extra minutes on the court, take the chance to show that they can play well enough to be starters. You don't win by taking your opponents for granted.  Every team in the NBA is going to attack this Laker team, because they all have something to prove (we beat Lebron and AD) and nothing to lose.
Coach BRONNY WILL FIGURE THIS OUT! THEY WILL A JUST TO THE NEW TEAMMATES 🐐 JAMES
Whether it’s their bench or not, they are all PRO BASKETBALL players. They’re playing their equals, not no high school team. 🤦🏾‍♂️
I don’t think the Lakers are that good but that’s been the case, game winners are great at really bringing teams together
Shannon looking clean bihhh  collar poppin🥰🥰😊
😂😂 Danny Green defense ain’t slip the Lakers just have horrible team defense without Bradley & Rondo
Why did he bring up sweet Lou and Trez? Dude said they were a non factor a few days ago because the clippers had Kawhi and PG. now that the bench for the nuggets beat the lakers all of a sudden “they ain’t sweet Lou or Trez” huh???? Make your mind up
Lakers win and roll players come through  Shannon: They can’t win not with this roster
We going to looked different defensively once Rondo comes back for the playoffs...I'm confident in us
One thing i know is Danny Green is  going to show up in games 6 and 7 against the Clippers (maybe game 5). I'm concerned as to whether at the Lakers can get to that point.
Lol. When the Raptors cleaned the floor with them you said you weren’t concerned at all. No you’re concerned? 🤪
At this point im wondering if they dialed down on aggressiveness to have everyone fresh in the playoffs with virtually no injuries. Cause 1st seed. Cause playoff run.  Because otherwise i have no explanation on that bad performance streak lately. They should be dominating.
Skip ehmmmmm hmmm ehmmmm yap hmmmm yap hmmmm
Start Kuzma!.Simple
Lakers aren’t going to the finals
Shannon doesn't want the Lakers to win.   He wants LeBron to win.
UNBELIEVABLE
You meant MPJ  right Shannon?
The fact that the Lakers went down to the wire with the Nuggets backups is VERY concerning. I agree with Shannon. They had 4 1/2 months off and they come back looking like the way they've looked so far? Something is wrong and they need to look themselves in the mirror and figure out what it is.
Lakers were playing that "broke back defense" per phil jackson
Uncle Shannon: 39 and what? Skip: Huh? Uncle Shannon: 39 and L   LOL!!
Skip: “KUZMA IS THE PERFECT PLAYER  TO FIT INTO THE CLOSER SPOT”  *Kuzma makes game winner*  Also Skip: “I was stunned that Frank Vocal got away with calling a play for Kyle Kuzma  Wtf ?? 😂😂🤦🏽‍♂️
Clippers loss to Brooklyn bro. Shay don’t start that bull
This game was  about getting the offense side goin before playoffs defense gone take care of itself the offense was struggling
Without watching the whole clip, I am 99.5% sure Skip will find way to blame LeBron here
That "keystone cops" defence also describes Cleveland's D when LeBron was there. Guys standing around, pointing at each other while getting backdoored like they were on cam. Common denominator? LeDefenseless
The basketball that the players are playing is ugly there is no offense no defense  nobody is really even trying if Kobe was alive to see this he would be disgusted !!! and i have been watching the NBA for 40 years and this is the worst i have seen.
Talk about baseball or hockey for a change
The play had 3 options. 1 . AD quick turn around and easy lay up. 2. AD bounce pass to Le Bron for the easy lay up. and 3. pass to Kuzma for a 40 percent chance 3. point shoot. obv. they dont draw up a play with a 40  percent chance here. The Nuggets had the two other options well covered.
Correction, that was the nuggets 3rd string
3-1 it’s ok the virus messed up our chemistry. I want Bradley with his offense and defense! But yeah we’re still looking good we’re number 1 in the west and we’re back in the playoffs. It’s been a long time. Lakers has the most haters! 16 going for 17!!  My team to glory days and to gloomy days lake show for life!!!!
Skip aiding and abetting 😂
Sounds like Shannon Sharp is jumping off the Lakers band wagon lol lol
I wonder what drama unfolds in the next exciting episode of basketball Z
I agree Lakers defense is horrible!! teams run layups on them all day!
Maybe the 2 Dogs 🐕 🐕 aren’t dogs.  🐁 🐁
Shannon he can shoot you in the game but he can dam sure shoot u out 2 🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂
Bruh, they are all NBA players. They all made it to the NBA for a reason. Some more talented than others but they’re there. So what, Denver sat their starters. The bench was the ones shooting lights out anyway.   If anything if I’m a Nugget fan, my concern would be if push come to shove my 2nd/3rd stringers can do well enough to stay in the game but not close it out. 🤷🏾‍♀️  Kawhi played 36 mins vs the Nets whom are depleted and still couldn’t win.
Next game thurs. 12:30 cst/1:30pm est/10:30 pst.
Patrick Mahomes joining the show tomorrow? That's gonna be lit 🔥
Kerr hit a gamewinner on a pass from MJ
You're on a milk carton Lakers 😂 I really don't know what's wrong with y'all sorry for the 😂 but LeBron James you really pissing me off and the Lakers 😡
Lakers
Lakers do not look like a champion team
Last week   Skip:  "Im concerned"  Shannon  "We winning it all, nobody stoping us" stop hating Skip  Today  Shannon  "Im concerned"
It may sound little crazy, but I think sometimes it's more difficult to guard a team with no stars, because you don't know who's going to go crazy, when you face stars you have an idea how the team will run.
Is anyone else noticing Shannon's undershirt is trippy asf 😂
And Clips lose to lowly nets without most main players yet gave up 129..great defense
Lake show💪🏿💪🏿💪🏿💪🏿💪🏿💪🏿 Im not worried 💯💯💯💯💯
Someone else on the Lakers makes a great play other than lebron, shannon says? I'm concerned about the Lakers!!! Man,get over it
Do they not realize this game did not matter to the lakers at all, they were going very light on the defensive end to avoid injuries and all of that.  How do they not see that
Lakers win: I’m worried about this! They just almost lost a game. I know they’ve been really good defensively in the bubble. But this one single game concerns me. Especially since they need to win these seeding games to clinch nothing.
Skip is saying that Bron should’ve closed, but if he had missed, the narrative for Bayless would be “LeBron ain’t clutch”
It is what it is, the young guys have confidence in the bubble without huge home/away crowds. This is effecting the superstars may the best team win.  But can these bench players stay confident in a playoffs series?
Kuzmas somehows been the best laker in the bubble . Everything he seems to shoot goes in
I'm tired listening to this guy's didn't they said the the clippers were going to be the number 4 seat  I'm a Lakers fan for life we"ll see on the playoffs
Shooters got back in tune atleast but this isnt good!
Defense is effort. They are close. The Lakers found offensive groove. Defensive groove should be easier to find.
But the starters were playin bad thats why the bench played against LA, bcs they were playin better
Thought we were getting the best 3 and d in the business Let's see if we dg wanes up in the playoffs
The problem with the nba now is the analytics so much so that the players are analyzing themselves before they even play. And the game has no pure athletes anymore including LeBron no one jumps or fired to the bucket which is what it was invented for, to get to it and raise UP to it. A.I. Is the greatest by size and leadership. he dunked on shaq and shot 3s!
They can’t talk about Caruso plus minus he was +21 with 0 turnovers have to be more aggressive offensively tho
The fact that 4 of the lakers starters played 30 or more minutes and the nuggets starters played around 25 minutes each and the lakers had to win by a 3 is very concerning
In the bubble bout to be a meme at this point
Skip has a weird obsession with Lebron...He needs to get checked by a Therapist or something
This is how I see it a lot of teams who are in the playoffs but know aren’t going to be 1 seed like nuggets are letting their players rest more than usually Bc it’s only 8 games and they are gonna wait for playoffs before a full push no need to go all out in 8 games when you already clinched a spot and that’s the bad thing for lakers. The clippers nuggets both not having a lot of their guys playing just backups but still almost winning
39 and L 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Not one of those Caruso's the Goat guys but I'm down to argue That Caruso should be the closer
Shannon : Hold on .. that aint Jokic, MJP .. who are you ? Who let you in the ball game 😂
I disagree with Shannon and Skip fact is all those guys are pros and fact is shots were being made the starters for denver could have been out there and shot worse than the bench
If the Lakers are going to win a Championship AD must be the MVP of the finals. Otherwise they won't make it.
Man that's sports. Stop overreacting.
Laker not goin to win not enough role players
Bottom line is that the Nuggets bench was hot and making baskets and I don't think the starters could've done any better.  Lakers stole this game.
Lakers got the wrong coach man. We ain’t getting a chip with that dude.
Lakers are trash
MJP
How can you be concerned about the lakers WINNING against the number 3 seed( 1 game behind the clippers) who only didn't play their starters the 4th quarter but have all the confidence and praise in the world for the clippers who kept all they starters and lost to the no named NETS AND THE SUNS not to mention the LAKERS the only 2 meetings when they mattered after the allstar break 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔make this make sense please!🤯🤯
I love how the Lakers get criticized even when they win lol. Yet the Clippers, who lose to multiple bad teams always get the benefit of the doubt.
Mjp 😂
They all playing in Orlando so seeding doesn't matter.
Didn’t the Lakers bit the starters in most of the first half.
It was a travel- he caught the ball, took a step, then jump stopped - literally a blatant easy travel
They missing Avery Bradley
rly enjoyed a section of unbiased skip and shannon. kind of uncommon
Playoffs start next week.
Lebron ad Dwight Howard dion and kuz. Playoff line up.   (^^or javale)
Shannon spooked. Lol
Why did the Nuggets take their starters out in the 4th? Fixed AS FK!
Wtf this people want Lebron to play so hard they already in the playoffs
Lakers winning mfs go crazy over regular games playoffs its Lakers
they were on a losing streak, and they finally won against the nuggets who were literally GIVING the Lakers the win bc they put they're bench out there in the 4th quarter and the Lakers struggled against them😭that's just sad.
Since they locked up the first slot. I believe LeBron is trying to let his players find their way...
Lakers are on CRUISE CONTROL....STOP IT. DON'T PANIC!!
I now know the secret to Kuz  Mummy 😀jay z 😀 hmmm who else
WHO'S GONNA WIN IT ALL???
Nobody:  Shannon: "I'm concerned about the Lakers.... BUT NOT GOAT JAAAMES" Skip. Skip. Skip. Listen. Not Goat James😂
The bucks are gonna win it all this year
CONCERNED???  Man if that exact same play happened with Lebron making the shot instead of Kuzma, Shannon would be wearing that goat mask right now. Foh...
Anyone else think Denver wasnt really trying as hard keeping their starters benched so long in the 4th?
NOW he's concerned? Lol
Before the restart started I said we ain’t going nowhere without Avery Bradley I feel I know more basketball than Shannon come on bro finally you mention Avery Bradley and took you this long to be concern lol come on man.
wouldn't u want the nuggets to win tho
Don't forget playoff Rondo isn't there yet
Just know James ain’t clutch nomore he’s still the best but that clutch gene is not givin to the best it’s givin to the chosen one ahh
The Lakers smoked the nuggets starters twice already this year but since we're being petty why is nobody talking about how our top 3 guards are injured or opt outs? Oh right cause laker hate is back in full flight even in meaningless games
Kuzma is the 3rd musketeer. Keep him in the starting and closing lineup
so skip on team bron today nd shannon skeptical? woah this pandemic so weird
Now skip , skiip, skiiip
Shay Dripping Today🔥🔥
skip must be the fourth migo with those adlibs
Lakers losing streak: Shannon: I’m not worried about the Lakers  Kuzma game winner: Shannon: I’m worried about the Lakers
No consistency with topics like this with people.The bucks are 2-4 this bubble with a lost to garbage nets team the clippers are 3-3 with a loss to that same nets team and to this “concerning” laker team. But somehow both of those team receive 0 criticism and remain favorites.
Bol Bol > Zion
def changed his tone frm whn rap was on ...... 🐸 ☕️
Kuzma on his best day is still a pretty atrocious defender. One of the worst fundamental players to step in the league😂 all the boy can do is spot up shoot, literally
So we can’t rather congratulate the under dogs instead of bashing them for no one knowing their names 🤦🏾
Danny needs to be rested ... his fearing to make 3’s
Its like they forget how deep the nuggets is smh
Shannon over Perkins any day!
We see how Avery Bradley’s defensive leadership plays a huge factor with keeping the focus on help defense
Denver bench watching this punching the air
08.11.2020 will ber remembered as the day Shannon got humbled.
all i know is this, shay shay.... m.j. and kobe wouldn't have let a ROLE PLAYER take the LAST shot
My nicca Shannon stay fresh 🙏🙏💙
The point is that everyone on that floor is a professional 🏀 basketball player no one justly down so you can just beat them.
"MJP"
Lebron if u see this u gotta do better forget passing gets yours than pass
Lakers having problems with one of their players being a closer / taking over? Kobe would've pushed Kuzma to his limits by this time for sure.
mannnnnnnn when u wit a team stay wit em if a wife see his husband losing she aint gonna take the kids and leave its the nba have faith
The lakers are used to transform the fans screams and shouts as a fuel. Now in th bubble is a little more quiet. I’m really concerned about their defense and offense ( at times)
This is going to give our third option more confidence,a win is a win
if the Lakers was undefeated in the bubble all the media would be saying why they playing so hard,, y'all should be trying to load manage our rest,, I don't see nothing that concerns me about the  Lakers,,watch how they narrative change when  playoffs come and the Lakers sweep whoever they play in the first round they would change their mind again like they always do I think the Lakers is just getting in shape for the playoff,, everybody on the Lakers entering the playoff healthy should be the only concern
No one is playing D in the bubble. They’ll be okay.
Is it just me or does skip talks the most during every single video
Man he said Bates Dop lol
Dont trip shannon we got 1 game to we turn up ..we ain't trying to get nobody hurt fam . Kcp ribs, bron groin , ad fragile, we good
Maaaannnn wasn't lebron just celebrating  the number one seed 🤣.
Rockets or blazers will shock the world
LeBron and Lakers just slowly getting in shape for the playoffs,,I'm not concerned about these seedin bubble games they already clinched the number one seed,,, trust me come playoff time they is taking it up to another level
It was a hard switch. They only needed 2. So do you stay back for the 2 or defend the 3? Hard!
It’s different you don’t have home courts and don’t have pressure cause there is not fans. Equals out playing field
I'm glad Shannon calls out opportunities even tho he is a Bron fan. Objective
It's funny how all these people are on here talking trash about my team when AD and Lebron and the Lakers are the very reason all this covid and cornavirus stuff was made up just to stop the NBA and it was designed specifically to make things harder for the Lakers. Why? because all you'll were jealous and didn't want Lebron to win a mvp and the Lakers to win a championship. Two weeks after they shut down the NBA Jordan forced released a documentary if that's not proof alone that this was all made up to make life harder on the Lakers and designed to steal accolades from Lebron then your lost and you want to be because it's clear simple and plain. You'll can talk all that ish now but after Lebron and AD and the Lakers showed that they were going to win the title after they handled Kawhi and the Clippers and Giannis and the Bucks everyone knew they would win the chip and the haters created a fake virus just to stop them from winning a title at that point they were Championships. It don't matter what you'll say because the facts remain jealousy caused some guys to shut down the NBA which means we automatically won at that very moment. Then the NBA steals Bradley off our team and Rondo and were still better than every other team, the NBA can cheat and keep these games close because they want to make you'll believe if the Lakers lose it's because they aren't playing well when in all of your hearts and minds you'll know that the only way any team can beat the Lakers is if the NBA cheats for the other team and that's FACT and GOD ALMIGHTY AGREES with that Fact.
Foots off the peddle people, nothing more. We clinched #1 seed these games are just now a filling out process, no need to GO BALLS TO THE WALL...Once those Playoffs start no ONE should bet against the Lakers.
Frfr who cares about the nba?
Looking bad for my lakers AD not as dominate as he should be
Everybody is missing what's going on with the Lakers....They are not running there stuff they are saving it for the playoffs....they dont look good cause they are trying to incorporate new pieces on top of players they already had taking on new roles...so what's the down fall of that is your main guys are not able to get in a rhythm that's the same for your main role players Green, Pope, Curuso...come playoffs that's going to change, come playoffs they are going to be running their stuff or in their bag sort of speak and cause they sacrifice getting a look at the others they will know who and who not to go too....that also goes for their defense....teams who are fighting and still jocking for position are already in their bag suns, Houston, Boston, Toronto, etc they are going to look like they are ahead of the curve...Skip knows this well cause Pop did this brilliantly in 2014 slightly different but he hid a lot before he coaches against MIA in the finals.....side note other than wade, Pop had been Brons best teacher on the low
There bench was shooting lights out, the nuggets starting line up was mediocre yesterday so there bench was on fire 🔥
1st round exit for the Lakers
They basically called kuz Robert Horry
Dame really bullied skip into being nice 😭😭
ima give the credit skip deserves on this one, hes been saying fr some time that Kuzma should be the closer
Subscribe to my YouTube
Subscribe
I think they’ve let off the gas to give kuzma more confidence notice for the first time they’re really letting him ball. It doesn’t explain the lack of defense though
Lakers aren't playing with any urgency is the problem.
To be fair the starters of the Nuggs started to get run on at the end of the third and their bench got hot and got them back in the game. Wouldnt be surprised if the starters woulda lost by more points than the bench did the way they were shooting it.
No one was talking about Quinn on the Warriors now he's all the sudden one of the best catch and shoot players in the league lmaoo
Mark my words Vogel will be gone after this season, or at the beginning of next season. Lebron will push for a new coach.
“Lol can you get a stop” lakers been able to get stops all year the defensive side isn’t an issue
Meaningless game lakers ain’t trying
Mr. Failure to Launch, Anthony Davis is not who you think he is.  He is a fraud!
Very astute analysis from Shannon.
Horrid defense..
I don’t see that hunger in lebron like Jordan.
I'll take Waiters over Kuz any day as a closer and 3rd option. More consistent, more versatile, proven clutch. Kuz shows up once every 25 games. Not ready.
Me and Skip said that at same time
Kyle Kuzma is fearless
A wins a win.... these guys are all pro athlete plane Denver coach for that
They need rondo for the second unit once he's back the Lakers will be fine.
Imagine everyone talking about the lakers and somehow the Suns end up winning.
Vogel needs to find that closing line up if they expect to hang that banner. Bron Kuz and AD will have to put a herculean effort to pull those guys through that first round match up. Rondo's return will be a boost when it happens.
Play Jr , Give Jr Smith som playing time !
Lakers not winning the championship this year. Idc what round but they ain’t winning it.
Don’t be scared now
Thank you Shannon! Somebody had to say it! Im a Laker fan and im concerned about them.
I was watching a couple different videos of highlights for this game. Even though I watched the game. Everyone in the comment section was calling that Skip would be saying Lebron "didn't want to take the last shot so he made Kuzma take it instead." No matter how they do Skip will always find a problem with Lebrons or the Coaches decisions not to force Lebron to take and make the game winner in close ganes. It's hilarious how predictable he is. Mostly because he's blind with his bias against the Lakers lol.
maybe Lebron should worry more about building his team than building his radical Left wing political career.
Oh wow thank God there's an 18min segment designated to the Lakers!! I didn't think they were going to talk about the Lakers this much. They definitely need more tv time, I haven't heard much about these Lakers since the bubble started. Get on that Undisputed.....   ..........................................................
Skip praised Kawhi for having 39 points in a loss TO THE BROKEN NETS. Had the nerve to call it a “moral victory”. If it had been LeBron, then Skip would have crucified him. Inconceivably biased.
It took you guys this long to finally post this part when other channels been had this posted 🤦🏽‍♂️
Okay I finally figured Skip out now,  he's a sarcastic joker who love to get under your skin.  He knows the stuff he talks about don't make any sense,  but he will not retreat ! The victory he gets from his debate is making you extremely upset !  Lol Then he acts like, " we're just debating and this person getting upset.... Wow his mental capacity can't handle anything else if he's upset about a basketball game. " So,  he gets you one way are another... lol
We we don’t want to admit is this is a new season as you can see all the teams are struggling from night to night no matter how much they say the playoff is coming it beginning of the season play
Surprised LeShannon is unbiased. This is once in a blue moon
At least Shannon being real
In short the Lakers bench is TRASH
didn't watch the game but they struggle to beat back ups with AD, Lebron and company. wow.  man if the lakes get knock out in the first round. wow.
I’m surprised they aren’t talking about the warren and butler rematch
Kuzma a beast now dont sleep on my boy
blunt mason plumlee hahaha
Skip you need to chill on the sniffing geezz smh
Nah Shannon keep your same energy SMH
What does Skip "Water Pistol Pete" Bayless know about arc and knocking down shots? LOL
Every time the lakers win it’s the same saying they’re worried for X and Y reason
It’s hard to watch these 2
Let me break some news for you:  THE LAKERS HAVE CLINCHED AND THEY HAVE NOTHING TO PLAY FOR.  THEY ARE ONLY TRYING TO NOT GET HURT.  Stop panicking.  Smh.
SKIP GAVE LEBRON HIS PROPS😳😳trump droppin dem stimulus checks🙌🏾🙌🏾🤣
Woah is Shannon being a rational analyst when did this happen
Wow I'm shock that he is being realistic and unbiased
One of the Lakers best games since playing in the bubble
Ernestine: Skip I’m leaving you for another man.  Skip: mmmmm
Lakers putting it together piece by piece, when the playoffs start it’s all gonna come together
I don’t like the lakers which is why I feel the need to being this up, GO WATCH THE LAST SHOT, BOL BOL WAS A FEW STEPS BEHIND THE Play. They had NO IDEA Kuzma was going to get the ball. IT WAS A GREAT DRAWN UP PLAY. Shoutout Kuzma. But that was an OPEN SHOT.
I think there is a lot of weird things going on in the bubble basketball wise ... I think that the Nuggets are really good ... they play good team basketball ... despite that the Lakers shot well and Kuz stepped up ... the reason why the nuggets bench was playing is because it was working and they are good
BLACK MEXICANS AND NATIVE AMERICANS AND JAMAICANS WE ARE GOD CHOSEN PEOPLE THE REAL HEBREW ISRAELITES OF THE BIBLE RESEARCH
So in other words,  be quite because you make money.  Good job DL. Shout out to Kap / Ali
They better be careful they can get put out in first round Portland looking good melo back
I think Kuzma should start the rest of the season
The LAL's wont get past at least 4 teams l can think of in a series. Toronto, Clips, Rockets and Nuggets. lm not sure what the Mav.s are either, they beat the Bucks, took the Rockets to 149-152 loss and the league admitted they blew two critical calls in the 4th. They beat the Jazz w/o Luka and KP.  Carlisle jacked with the line-ups against the Clips and Luka still scored 40 on them in 30 minutes, triple dub. lf they get out of the 1st they'll be a tough out as well.
No starting lineup could have played better than that Denver bench on offense. They couldn't miss and we still won
That wasnt a good game for the lakers believe it or not. But these games are basically scrimmages for almost every team really.
I wanna see blazzers vs. clippers for 4 games
Skip was trash when he played
This show has really done a great job of being nteresting and fun through COVID unlike 1st Take. Them fools talked about the Cowboys and Dak Prescription for 2 1/2 months then another 2 months on Cam Newton. I couldn't tell if 1st take was an analysis show or they were shooting ESPN 30 for 30s.
My first ever basketball coach told me you may have an off shooting night but defense never has an off night.
Lakers are getting exposed in the playoffs. The bubble exposes teams who can't shoot. The 5 months off felt like the Lakers haven't really played together in 5 years. And since they're older, it takes longer to return to form.
I'm zero percent concerned about the play in Orlando. The Lakers are in total cruise control since they have had literally nothing to play for with the #1 seed locked. However, I do have concerns over the structure of their team:   1) Frank Vogel tends to go small and take out McGee & Howard vs the Clippers & the Rockets. I don't think this is a good idea. The Lakers greatest advantage is their size and athleticism. You can't out small ball the Clippers or the Rockets.   2) The Lakers guard rotation is and has always been mediocre at best. Green, KCP, Bradley, Rondo, Caruso, Waiters, Smith...it's just a collection of average or slightly below average players. Green is so important here, but he is just SO inconsistent with his shot and the lakers absolutely need KCP and Green or even Waiters to be hitting at least 2-3 threes a game. Caruso is the best defender of this bunch, but none of these guys are ferocious like Pat Beverly. Additionally, the ball handling after LeBron is just really subpar. Rondo is not a great second option to run the offense.   3) This team has no legit 3rd scorer after AD and LeBron. They are totally score by committee after those 2. There's no real pecking order. The issue here is that if AD or LeBron are having an off game, then SOMEONE has to step up and elevate above their normal level of play for the Lakers to stand a chance. MAYBE Kuzma is turning into that guy, but we have to see it for real in the playoffs. If Kuzma's growth on D is legit and he can consistently score 15-20 PPG, then is a giant development for the Lakers and substantially raises their chances.   4) There is not enough shooting on this team.   5) There are no true "3 & D" wing players or great perimeter defenders. They could really, really use a guy like Robert Covington.
dont sleep on the nuggets yall they are a deep team. lets not forget will barton is out as well. here's the thing i didnt see the lakers as bad as people are saying. They had great offense last night, there problem is on the defensive end. The nuggets need to give porter jr. more minutes that dude is a stud and can seriously play. the lakers played solid last night and kuzma stepped up, big the problem is kuzma doesnt show up all the time.
It was the J Cole sneakers
That win didn’t feel as good as I wish it did. I’m sure that’s how other Laker fans like me feel.
Lakers weren’t even going hard in the Bubble. All they needed was 2 games to clinched
Can Bill Gates find for Shannon an anti-LeBron vaccine?
Lakers wanted to give kuzma the confidence boost he needs..
Nuggets didn't want to win that game. They don't want to jump the Clippers for the 2 seed bc that means they play Dallas in the first round which is a bad matchup for them.They sat their started for the last quarter to hand the game to the Lakers and they still almost lost to the Nuggets.
La is really done, denver sat dpwn starters in the fourth and La struggled . oh oh EXPOSED
I truly think Lebron is declining and horribly his passing is still top notch but everything else is going downhill. I’m praying he’s saving himself for playoffs
The Lakers are trying to find a complete offense. Literally experimenting with lineups.
Michael Jr Porter
Notice Skip saying, “Yeaup” and not, “Mmmm”.
shannon should create own show. this skippy clown needed to be alone on a show. so he can laugh at himself.
I don’t care if they got the number 1 seed locked up if they play like this they won’t get far. This wasn’t vs the nuggets starters at least not the first 3 quarters. I will admit they played great offense but terrible defense now if they can put it all together they winning it all.
Shannon WTF woooow hahaha.. Denver gave the game away they really didn't care
Those random guys in the nuggets played better than the starters.....becasue they actually have to try so they can get more playing time....lakers were literally focusing on the offense...so I see that as a success
Why do we act like there is a mile difference in skill between a regular starter and the man behind him in the depth chart? The only REAL gap is between generational talents and a role playing backup.
Los Angeles Clippers 2019-2020 Moral Victory Champions!
MJ would've took it personal 😏
Frank Vogel is a good coach... but there’s something he doesn’t have, a RING. He’s gonna be missing that experience, his true colors are starting to show. Why are you playing lbj 38 MINUTES vs backups??
Every show you are talking about the lakers, talk about another team
A very humble episode
How can u pull away from a team who iz shooting 65% in the 4th quarter, backupz or starterz!
I’ll be concerned if they do that in the playoffs til then don’t really care 🤷🏿‍♂️
Clippers are better than the Lakers. Let’s argue.
Lol MPJ not MJP
Shannon was on point !
Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and thou shalt be saved
Free throws..... Lakers need to be better, they would be blowing out teams if they made their FT
This was actually a really calm, unbiased, and good take. I’m really surprised
I understand what there saying about LeBron but literally yesterday or last week they were saying it's good to let other players get confidence in game winning situations
The Lakers don’t wanna see Portland in the first round
Lakers dont need to rest anybody. They all need to play the last game.
Idk if I’m trippin but Shannon looks like lebron😂
It took the Lakers starting line up and a last-second game-winning shot to beat the Nuggets' bench. The Lakers are done. They're barely lucky to make it past the first round. I wonder who Lebron is gonna get rid of this offseason though. Who else is he gonna blame?
these used to be 10-12 minute videos tops
Uncle shay holding them accountable. Well said
Devon bookers game winner was better 🔥
Keep sleeping on the Joker, and he will be the one laughing at last, and I'm a Spurs fan
Rooting for the Clipps, but Playoff Danny Green will show up as he has...
Man their NBA players back up or not if you a BALLER you gon show out don’t matter who you playing against
Shannon they’ve looked worse. There is no switch to just turn on and have every aspect of basketball back at 100. Specially when your team has been struggling as bad as they have.
Dame exposes skip and now skip isn’t hating on Bron 😭🤣
For people saying we played their "bench squad": They scored 36 points and shot absolutely lights out. If their 1st team was out there, it would not have made that big of difference, the game was going to come down to the last minute.
LeBron has shown he definitely is not the GOAT. 6 down maybe.
2:49 “That’s not MJP” 😂😂😂😂
Lebron a different player n playoffs dnt forget
I don't always agree with shannon, but the points he made are facts. The nuggets played their bench vs lakers starters the whole 4th quarter and they only lost to a clutch game winner. That's concerning.
Actually Denver bench played better than their starters lol
Ik it was really a a battle vs the bench but  why is everybody disrespecting the nuggets like there the 3rd seed
Game doesn’t really matter for anything n they won regardless of who was on da floor or not but ofc its the Lakers so ppl gonna fuss about it
The Lakers lose it’s a issue the Lakers win it’s still a issue Lmaoooo can’t win
Man skip and Shannon being fair? I like it
Backups lol wonder what he’ll say when the nuggets beat the clippers lol
Once the lakers win the first game of playoffs in dominating fashion, all of this nonsense talk will go away. Lakers locked up the #1 seed. How many more times does this need to be said 🤣
Shannon is the most knowledgeable and most  open minded sports host on TV. It’s impressive that he will criticize his own team off a win that snapped a 3 game losing streak because his he still not impressed, he is actually concerned. I love skip, but he is too ignorant, Shannon is just so well rounded as a host.
Calm down Unc the Nuggets are a very good team from top to bottom. Considering the Lakers played a B+ game its was a good win. 💯
The truth of the matter is, BOTH #1 seeds look terrible right now. Bucks supposedly got the highest rated defense in the league but can't stop nobody in this bubble. Lakers top 5 defense but can't stop nobody in the bubble. Both look terrible offensively as well.
it's crazy how everyone is talking about lakers winning and losing yet the bucks and clippers lost
People keep saying..."they already have the #1 seed locked, so they're cruising". Thats cool if youre playing on a team with high intellect and a team that has won championships before, with a championship-level coach. However, with the exception of Lebron, none of those guys fit that description (Yes, JR is a champion, but we know his BBall IQ isnt that high). The Lakers should be playing every game hard, to prep for the playoffs. They could very easily coast and then get booted out of the first (if playing Portland) or second round
They called Kobe a ball hog and they call Bron un clutch for passing. You can't win with these tv bums.
I'm with shannon. The lakers haven't been trying since they locked up the number 1 seed but against the clippers and last night they were giving it all they got against teams with bench scrubs and barely won. Lakers wont win a chip, at this rate they have no chance. I hope they ramp t up or they won't even make it to the conference finals. At this rate they will fall out in the second round
So kyle kuzma hits a game winner an lebron gets the thumbnail 🤔
Mjp Shannon??.. who that?
I'm telling ya haters...LEBRON is not winning anymore chips.. Lebron needed too change positions, from the beginning he arrived too LA. I'm talking about, Lebum needed too play power frwd...  just like Karl Malone, come off a pick and roll on the daily... but no LEBRON was set on his ways... his game has been, too predictable...
I just wanna say 2 things out of this game. Kuz MIGHT be clutch We have another gear. We turned up the defense in the last 3-4 minutes(yes I understand it’s against the nuggets bench) and I think Lebron learned a new move....when to slash in so the floor opens up. He did it late in the game and I believe danny green got the open 3.
Damn what a difference the loss of Avery Bradley makes....
its ok uncle shay-shay W is still a W this offseason king james flipping the switch just seat and relax and see the lakers sweepting the first round whether its memphis or portland or suns! lakers will deliver
flatfooted,,,,,4 players watching 23 ,,,,is the formula for failure ,,,,the lack of ball movement
Does Skeeeupp EVER allow "moral victories" for Lebron led teams?? If not, then he's NOT OBJECTIVE like he claims and he absolutely IS a HATER.
Lmao no point in worrying. The playoffs are a different story
When they first assembled this roster I had immediate concerns. It’s literally all old spot up shooters that can’t play defense, kuz and bron and ad. If they win the title Bron and AD have to both average 30
MJP😂😂🤷🏽‍♂️🤷🏽‍♂️
Lakers tryna guard mpj Murray and jokic for 4 quarters is gonna be fun to watch
SF is better than la
Bruh Nick Wright said this was “a nice easy win for the Lakers” he still is going on about the Clippers losing to the Nets. Thank you Shannon for not being a blind, biased, crackhead Lakers fan like Nick Wright.
Shannon don’t be concerned bro literally there whole bench was playing better than the starting 5 and my Lakers where with the Nuggets the whole game even with the starters in
That shows you lebron is no assassin..   Lakers are in trouble
Dame Got Skip Being Objective😂💀
Lakers relaxing got first place dont need to try hard dont need nobody to be injured mines well played safe and then sorry.
this is just about effort lol y’all trippen
Blazers could beat the lakers in the series and if not they going to be so exhausted, then they would have to deal with rockets THEN clippers ain’t no way
I think Lakers fans and media should realize they aren’t head and shoulders above anyone in the bubble right now. They need to focus on the first round and  the 8th seed.
You know what I notice? Every time Shannon's team lose, Skip always has a lot to the say why his team lost but 90% of the time when Skips team lose he has excuses.
Clippers could run into the Nuggets in the second round 👀
Does anyone listen to Shannon n skip talk n sleep? Or is it just me? Lol
They had to let the starters get there feet under em the last game its guna be all bench
Idk why they didnt keep Ingram kuz never had the ability to manufacture his own shot and thats all that matters in playoff basketball
I’m sorry Shannon, but that shirt ain’t it, is it messing with y’all eyes too?
Bro really said MJP
Lakers lost 2 players and added waiters, jr, and morris, they still adjusting to that
Shannon don't u know that the Nuggets didn't play theirs Stars in the last quarter...?? Lakers fans are pathetic.... Hahaha gone in second round and maybe in first round.. crazy to think that they will win the ship..
I’d be concerned to if my starters were almost beat by another teams bench.
Poor Horton tucker 😭
Ppl forget. The back ups are still nba players they still athletic they still wanna prove there self they still smart and can shoot and just hoop
They sat their whole starting lineup in the 4th cause the bench was on fire ! If a unit on fire they on fire it ain’t nothing you can do ! That’s why they say the starters
On the bright side: - Enjoyed the ball movement by the Lakers - Last play to win the game was genius.  - Kuz is now bubble kuz
So lakers won because, denver benched their starters?
Why lebron the thumbnail and kuzma in the title ☹️
That was actually a real great game for both teams and Kuz hits the game winner 3 he should of said....KOBE when he shot it so we can hear him
3 of those guys were back ups to the back ups😂
They trying to get their shot going, which is what happened, And defensively it was a different unit playing together. The last two games the offense has gotten going. That's all that matters.
Lol all the haters in the comment section. Pathetic losers! Hold this L because Lakers gonna mop all of your teams better shut up and watch Lakers win the chip
Lakers, Cowboys and Tom Brady. If I was an alien listening to radio waves, I would think there are no other things to talk about.
I hate when clippers fans say they only lost to the nets because they didn’t have pg and Trez like the nets isn’t missing 5 of their players. U know it’s bad when they had to go sign Michael Beasley
Y’all worrying about the wrong thing....the suns haven’t been defeated and they playing tough teams.Lakers still 1# win or lose they getting for the playoff.get your starters warm up let them play the 4th.They can be up by 30 and Lebron will still be out there..he getting warm up💯
Here's the thang skiup
Klutch Kuzma!
That shot by Kuz was huge for his confidence. Lakers need to start him. He always plays better when he starts.
Raptors would destroy Lakers the only team that can beat raps is miami
Lakers will not win the chip. Too many holes on their team.
Everytime somebody go play with lebron they start saying somebody not what they once were 😭😭😭😭
*LeBron hits a game WINNER: IT'S A LUCKY SHOT!!!*   *LeBron's teammate hits a game WINNER/TO TIE THE GAME: LEBRON GOT CARRRIIIIEDDDDD!!!!*
He keep saying Mjp 😂😘😂😂Its MPJ
I’m just here to laugh at the excuses while I bake one ☺️😂
You talked as if the bench are just a bunch of high schooler.........chill out!!!!!!!!!!! We won. You have nothing else to do except criticizing.
They was beating the starters all game and won against the bench at the end like they should soo whats the issue here? The bench are still professional players
This would be something if the nuggets bench wasn’t making every single shot them dudes made every shot that’s why the game was tough
Before I even watch this all I'm a hear is skip saying "I told you he's the lakes closer" 🤣🤣🤣
Don't sleep on the Denver bench, they're deep. But that being said, the Lakers are missing something
If we could take Zion Williamson’s weight and put some of it on Bol Bol, we would have two great players
Yes, their defense scheme needs some adjustment
Bron always need a closer so bad
They needed a game winning shot against the second team lol yea lakers in trouble
Nuggets bench just got lucky. No big deal. I bet they wouldn’t play the same way again next game.
I want that burgundy blazer damn 🔥
I go to work everyday and sometimes I don't perform well does that make me a bad employee chill people its only 1 game
Shannon Cabana 😎
Lakers lose: Shannon has no concerns Lakers win: SHANNON IS VERY CONCERNED
Imagine Skip being a bit objective like Shae this morning XDDDD Never gonna happen. Old bum.
And I'm concerned about Lebron 3-6 in the finals!!!!🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Mjp 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
LAKERS NEVER GUNNA WIN! THEY C CANT PLAY DEFENSE!!!
Everyone says LeBron is better than jordan.... can't tell. Jordan was a leader and didn't let his team faltter... look at your guys hero... pathetic.  He will never be better than Jordan
This man wore a hypnotic dress shirt I’m Seeing stars
It seems like every other video is about the lakers lol.
That game wasnt even suppose to be that close especially against the Nuggets backups
Kuzma sounds like a name of a third-rate basketball player
Lakers are looking like a first round Exit
clippers will win a moral championship this year
Keystone cops
The fact that the Lakers were celebrating the win like they won a playoff series should concern laker fans.
The burgundy tho 🥬
whos mjp??
Overreacting 🤷🏻‍♂️ They have nothing to play for man, take a chill pill and watch them turn it up in the playoffs. It’s always the same on LeBron teams.
Im concerned about the nba. It might as well be the Chinese basketball association
Im not worried, I'm only worried if they bout to be eliminated. I'm not going all out with the playoffs around the corner
Shannon should know better than anybody not to be concerned Lebron teams always turn it up in the playoffs
I've been ready for this and same dame lillard convo since yesterday
Haven't yet seen the full video but let me guess "Kuzma is LeBron's nrw closer, he bailed him out and saved his bacon"
Tres will get ready by the championship
What!?! Shannon being objective about lebron and the lakers this is scary.
BRAINWASHED SOCIETY
The Lakers took care of business when it mattered locked up the #1 seed to much complaining about senseless games which would you rather have a healthy team going into the playoffs or someone get hurt playing hard in games that dont matter to please spoiled fans smh
WHY PEOPLE TALKIN LIKE LEBRON NOT 3-6 INNA FINALS THAT'S HIS LAW OF AVERAGES ON DISPLAY RIGHT NOW
LeBrons a SCUMBAG
SCUMBAG$ PLAY IN THE NBA!!!
Nuggets doing there best to avoid Dallas lol Luka got teams shaking in there boots already and he hasn't ever played a playoff game! That's Amazing.
These storylines be written every year for a LeBron James led team, I'm not buying.... The Lakers will be just fine come playoff time, they just have to sell this storyline that the Lakers are in trouble
These games are meaningless, Lakers are coasting right now. They will be fine in the playoffs.
They need rondo
Clipper fans think about the Blazers playing the Lakers when they should be worried about their team playing the Nuggets in the second round
It’s alway refreshing seeing Shannon have his doubts about a LeBron team.
I’m a raps fan and watching Danny green last year in the playoffs. He didn’t do well at all.
Now I’m pushing for Portland to make it
If Shannon is concerned am OVERLY CONCERNED
Skip ... There's a thing called Defense that the Lakers was playing ... Could that possibly account for Denver's miscues?
Whos mjp? Michael junior porter ?
Lakers think they're the Warriors and they think they can just flip the switch come play off time but that switch they will be flipping ain't gonna have no light bulb
Lol we go through this every year with whatever team Lebron is on dissecting every win and loss and giving the competition a pass. Especially leading up to the playoffs
They celebrated like they won the chip.
Came here for the comments but was here too early 😂
Nuggets benchwarmers showcasing their talent against the West #1 seed.  Great way to ask for a raise 👍🏼
Why are u so worked up about a game that doesn’t matter they already in the playoffs as the #1 ain’t no1 playing hard my guy relax
There number 1 seed who cares theres no home games
I hope now people give respect to the nuggets
The fact that if Lebron doesn’t take the last shot he gets criticized I literally don’t know anybody that does....the last play of. The game was drawn up perfect ... cross screen .. Lebron goes opposite from the ball (all eyes on bron) inbound to AD the defense AUTOMATICALLY HAS TO DOUBLE... and bam kuz is literally coming off the screen wide open and hits game winner! Great play! I wouldn’t be surprised if Lebron drew this up.
They have the slightest idea wth their talking ABOUT...a football guy talking basketball......
Skip Bayless was never a closer
Lakers better be careful with Portland in the first round.
Heat taking it all this year
Clippers gone get knocked out b4 they get to the lakers . Watch...
Wow. Shannon is really unbiased today.
The shot was live but the play was hot fire 🔥 🔥 🔥
I’m not conceded at all, teams wit lebron always are shaky b4 the postseason bron uses that last stretch as a feel out process & trying to get other guys in a rhythm 👌🏽
Wow first time they’ve talked about the nuggets in forever
Nuggets bench players had 31pts in the 4th quarter alone
The Lakers losing in the first round nobody can say otherwise .
The Lakers still didn't play like how a first seeded Team was supposed play but they did win. Lakers should've blown the Nuggets out though. Lakers are in trouble if they don't start Initialing squads. Even if they win games, they are still looking Vulnerable
Giannis mvp
This team is in trouble..... I got more faith in the rockets. Rockets and clippers in the WCF. 🤷‍♂️
You’re concerned about the top seeded lakers who hit a gw three on a third seeded nuggets team? Really?
All this talk just for the Lakers to go 16-0 on the playoffs. And we’re getting Damian Lillard next year
geez man the lakers have the 1 seed clinched why is everyone soooo concerned with them not playing as hard lol
Bol
Y do the lakers need to try defensively and risk a injury 😂
The Lakers still don't know who their third scorer is outside of lebron and AD
If the Blazers get the 8th seed the Lakers very well might not make it out of the first round lol
So when it comes to the Lakers I am torn right now because I don’t know which to believe.   1- are they really this bad and have to fight to finish every game because if they are then they might get bounced out in the second round because I don’t think they are taking these games seriously and I know it’s only because the playoffs ever started.   2- are they just coasting and when the playoffs start they’ll be locked in. Because they are so wishy-washy when it comes to making outside jumpers and for the most part the defense is always there it’s just the offense that’s missing
Wow Shannon finally no d riding
Who else is sick and tired of skip and Shannon only talking about the Lakers?
I have no hope for the lakers. I don’t think the lakers are taking this season serious
Shannon: kuzma what saving his best for last  Skip: Kuzma was saving Lebricks legacy   Shannon: Skiiiiiipppp!
Kuzma is playing like last year, since the Bubble started, just with better defense
Lakers suck they barely beat the nuggets bench.
SKIP gonna be "I told you, Kuzma is their closer. He has that clutch gene"
Kuzmas a future beast
LeBron the only player in NBA history that has to take every last second shot
Unc sounds like someone died 😂😂😂...chill unc, it's still the regular season playin
Dwight Howard gave Kuz the good Ol' golden shower after the game as a reward
Kuz X factor for Lakers championship
If kuz plays like that that ion see nobody beating the lake show
Lakers fans are hyped over beating the bench of the nuggets lol
Lmfao this comment section emptyy
I'm concerned 😟
We are ready
Do you think the Lakers have a championship team this season?
