I just released my new EP! Please go stream it! https://ffm.to/blakemclain
Another final hook was not at all needed.No need to add more synthetic, guitars. THAT would be overproduction overkill. Ending is perfectly done.
It's called a bridge dude
4:16  also bc of the drama
the way he just has no connection to the emotions or themes of the song at all whatsoever...
Your reaction is the only one that I enjoy when you pause 😂
Bro listened to the song before reacting to it 💀
Thought I seen them all but this by far is my favorite reaction of this song
If this is the first Blake hears this song and he knows when the drop is, he's brilliant
4:05 the coco cola bottle caps, amazing, even said 'coco cola bottles that i only use to my hairrrrr'' and man at 3:07 u can hear the beat kinda drop, its sad ppl dont say anything about it tho
Omg this music is exactly same like Kesha-Praying song😮
We love you Blake
I think the structure of the song and the kinda unresolved ending is perfect for the story and emotion of the song. It’s not about the giant blow up of a years long relationship, it’s about a relationship that was barely beginning before it broke down. It’s got all the buildup of a friendship that is heading towards a relationship but it falls apart before it even really gets there. It’s a sad and empty ending to something that could’ve been.
Bro heard this song before or he’s just really good at prediction! ❤
Truely Awesome Reaction
한국에서 보고있어요. ❤
This song is the formula to write an amazing song
Too many pauses
FLIP CAN SING🇵🇭
Alt title for the video: “Blake predicting every tune of a song”
Oh come on this dude has heard this song before  Does anyone believe this?
I am coming in so late to the party but I have a question Blake! If you see this, when you say at 5:02 that some of your favorite songs have a secondary hook like this one…can you name some of those songs? I love this one and how it made feel and it would be great to listen to others that have that same magic!
Plot twist - he didn’t predict the song…he actually done the reaction already but forgot to press record.
so cool video! maybe better with subtitles 😬
This song is only a year old? Wow feels like a lifetime ago haha
Would you ever consider reviewing/reacting to Bury the light by Casey Edwards and Victor Borba? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jrg9KxGNeJY It's amazing.
cake by the ocean
Pleaseee React to Dj Hiss Gbb 21🔥🙏🔥🙏
You also need to react to Lana del Rey! Blake, you will love her exactly
Do u ever break down lirycs?
Y’all she just won a Grammy for this song
React to me🤣
your happiness is contagious
I just realized that both this music video and joshua bassetts lie lie lie have then like hanging out of the car during the bridge which is interesting
Next reaction happier-Olivia rodrigo
PLEASE REACT TO DUMB BY MOZA KALIZA
Let me start by saying that I love this song and I think Olivia Rodrigo is incredibly talented, but I wouldn't call the part of the song near the end that you were anticipating and excited to hear a secondary hook/chorus, it's the bridge or "C section" (not to be confused with the obstetrical procedure!) which the majority of (well written) pop songs possess, this one just happens to better than a lot of the others.
1 year??? what
3:40 : Some guy thinking he can rate olivia 3 or 4 stars.. 3:42 Same guy 2 seconds later  I want to give 10 or 10 stars.... buuuuuut..........  5:38 obviously you have already seen/heard this song many times, and you interpreted it many times already..  7:50 you get 0 out of 100 stars because you are very demanding with your expectations. Aww.. it wasn't what YOU wanted? Okay. 1 out of 10 stars best.
This song needs a oscar
Is it just me or does he look like all the jonas brothers in a blender
5:33 , watch on loop . thank me later
Great song!!! Each time I hear it, it takes me back to my teen years and doing exactly what she is doing.  Such a universal song!!!!!!
this dude probably heard this song before he made this video so he can get views
Dang Bro u are a Great Song Predictor...Ig u are an even better Producer, u've got sauce!
The end gets me
5:42 calm down my man, its a bridge, not a secondary chorus...
She reminds me of a mix between Kesha and Billie Eilish.
Hi please make a reaction video to morissette amon her music video trophy
Hey!! I would love to see your reaction to Diana Ankudikova. :)
The ending is perfect, not only because it fits thematically, but also because you can put the song on a loop and it just flows right back into the beginning. Personally, I don't like the very Lorde-sque secondary chorus with the unnecessary explicitness. I don't mind being explicit, but it sounds a bit put-on, here.
i’m still amazed and speechless about how this song has been produced and sang. this is absolutely perfect. 💜
5:41 Amazing perfect brilliant 💜
I got my driver's license last week Just like we always talked about 'Cause you were so excited for me To finally drive up to your house But today I drove through the suburbs Crying 'cause you weren't around And you're probably with that blonde girl Who always made me doubt She's so much older than me She's everything I'm insecure about Yeah, today I drove through the suburbs 'Cause how could I ever love someone else? And I know we weren't perfect but I've never felt this way for no one And I just can't imagine how you could be so okay now that I'm gone Guess you didn't mean what you wrote in that song about me 'Cause you said forever, now I drive alone past your street And all my friends are tired Of hearing how much I miss you, but I kinda feel sorry for them 'Cause they'll never know you the way that I do, yeah Today I drove through the suburbs And pictured I was driving home to you And I know we weren't perfect But I've never felt this way for no one, oh And I just can't imagine how you could be so okay, now that I'm gone I guess you didn't mean what you wrote in that song about me 'Cause you said forever, now I drive alone past your street Red lights, stop signs I still see your face in the white cars, front yards Can't drive past the places we used to go to 'Cause I still fuckin' love you, babe (ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh) Sidewalks we crossed I still hear your voice in the traffic, we're laughing Over all the noise God, I'm so blue, know we're through But I still fuckin' love you, babe (ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh) I know we weren't perfect but I've never felt this way for no one And I just can't imagine how you could be so okay, now that I'm gone 'Cause you didn't mean what you wrote in that song about me 'Cause you said forever, now I drive alone past your street Yeah, you said forever, now I drive alone past your street
stream sunshine by liam payne 💞 https://youtu.be/H4S3K1VTr8I
This songs okay but her other songs sound like others and they are all about some guy and they aint even good, not a hater though
You’re watching a master at work
This is so educational...!
I watched ur video because of your reaction and for OLIVIA, not to ur basic predictions that every producer has know. You're not reacting tho.
4:53 damn how did he guess that, I didn't realize that would happen. The surprise was pure gold
* predicts the whole song *
watching people react to the bridge is one of my new favorite hobbies lol
>>ATTENTION SPECIALIST FOR VOCAL COACH / MUSIC ENJOYER<<<  There is a new LEGEND LIVE GROUP PERFORMANCE "BIGMAMA KILLING VERSE DINGO",  MUST REACT, U WON'T REGERET, u will be mindblowing,,,
i love how he predicted the entire song
his voice reminds me of Cameron Boyce????
This song keeps reminding me of Dog Days Are Over, just the way that it builds up, comes completely back down, and then up again
You've got a great ear calling that secondary hook.
She's amazing.
React to wallows
I absolutely loved this song when I first heard it, I was blown away by her voice especially! Sadly media kind of bashed it into my head too much and made me not like it as much, which was my job >:/, but still I can appreciate it :DD
This literally gives me goosebumps woah..
idk why but he reminds me of woojin ex member of stray kids XD
I love Olivia Rodrigo is the 👑
@5:45 that "Yes, Yes" was a perfect New Girl Schmidt impersonation
I love the energy here
Ooh, a 'second chorus' like DMA's 'Silver.' :) They're the real 'goosebump' songs. :) Olivia co-wrote the songs on her album with her producer Dan Nigro. :)
hey bro notice how most song seem to be made by one producer, well yea, by the way good work on predicting the shifts!
HI
Broke: Olivia Rodrigo - next Taylor Swift Woke: Olivia Rodrigo - first Olivia Rodrigo Bespoke: Olivia Rodrigo - next Edith Piaf
The song is brilliant the same as you.
The first time the chorus came and build the tension and fell off was a representation of their relationship, the second time it built up then delivered that big moment after the hook was her expressing her emotion about the breakup. And the third time when it ended in a melancholy way is her giving up that emotion or giving up on that relationship realizing it is really over. That's how I felt about it anyway.
Very nice saw this on Feb 6 now I’m here June 6 back again to see this reaction
Aurora runaway listen
I have a feeling u listen to it before u recorded this and pretended to predict the song.
Who's back now that Blake is a livie
my mans just predicted the whole entire song lol
I didn' t like it at all cuz it was all over tiktok and then i really listened to it. I love it.
5:55 my girlfriend walked in and she only heard this part and she told me "oh so you're finally learning how to edge". I think she's trying to tell me something...
The producer is Dan Nigro, he used to be the vocalist for a band called As Tall As Lions 😬
Mesmo sabendo ele ainda amou a música kkk
react to all i want by herself
Need rection on our song
Hi can you do one for our song by @niallhoran and @annemarie???? Thnx
second chorus? the bridge you mean?? 😩😩
Literally while I was watching this, my neighbor screamed that her kid just got her driver's license.
It's so cool to hear from a musical production standpoint what this song has done so well and what's made it successful!
He is like a supporting older brother I-
Had to subscribe. Great ear for music. It weirdly made me emotional how you predicted that
U r freaking genius man
No disrespect to your evaluation at that point, but the end is perfect.  Any kind of upswing would kill the feeling.  It's like a reminder there.  The only thing I'd change is having it be more like how she does it live.  The pause more intense at the end with, maybe, a little break in the voice.  She has you feel it and pause on your own.
Plz React to Stranger By Blanks !!
The thing is you don't understand the song.
It almost sounds as if it 'resolved' to the 6th instead of the root... or maybe I need new headphones...
HE’S SO CUTE, OMG!!!
He literally just predicted the whole song wowww!!!!
Bro this song gave me goosebumps and I heard it before
Reaction videos - are like watching TV with a spouse that keeps talking so you have to pause your show to hear what’s being said.  I just want to watch my show. Then they accuse you of passive aggressive pausing.
Do an album review of “Dancing with the Devil, the Art of Starting Over” - Demi Lovato!
Blonde girl reacts to Drivers License.
It's a formula...
he literally predicted the entire song-
and that's why he is a producer-
please provide Indonesian subtitles
loved when he tried and it sounded country"oKaEyY iM gOnE"🤣
I am watching this video for the 400th time now!!Kinda love his reactions and emotions in his videos!
Blake is Joe Jonas reincarnated lol
The part when he kinda sung it beautiful
Hot guy casually sits down and react to my fav songs
You are the long lost 4th Jones Brother
React Any Gabrielly - Drivers license
4:24 “never add in more than one thing at once”  “texas reznikoff” by mitski being one of my favorite songs:
I cry so hard every time i hear this song
Please react to Don't mess up my vibe from Iman tavassoli
Please react to Don't mess up my vibe from Iman tavassoli
please react to Ashegh Shodam Raft from Aidin Tavassoli & please react to Don't mess up my vibe from Iman Tavassoli
please react to Ashegh Shodam Raft from Aidin Tavassoli
please react to Don't mess up my vibe from Iman Tavassoli
2nd chorus? bruh that's called a bridge
I dont know which of jonas brother are you but good reaction bro
What kind of sorcery is this??
I’ve been listening to this song for a couple days nonstop and you actually talking everything I was thinking about while listening
That secondary bridge sounds so Lorde!!
Bruh he literally predicted the song lmao
me before listening: not another overated celebrity song  me after listening:hold the f up this is godly
react to driver license cover by our last night !
💙💙💙💙💙💙
His reaction just made me fall in love with the song all over again.
React to all i want
Who came back here after he reacted to deja vu of olivia
This is like Roaring Kitty predicts GameStop.
GREAT REACTION.
Me seeing YouTubers not censoring profanities, especially those who are unsponsored: Bye bye big bucks
don’t know if anyone commented this, haven’t seen it, BUT... she worked with a produce, Dan Nigro, on this piece! Also for Deja Vu too. Just to let u know!
Pls react to pink sweat$ at my worst
I love how you can predict what’s going to happen in a song lol
First video im watching on your channel and the way you predict the next parts is just awesome. You have a very good Musical Brain ;D Subed man!
You look like cobus
Yo you look exactly like Vance Joy
This was not so real reaction to me! He dad listened before 100% sure of that!
I absolutely love how he predicted the whole song 😂
Just watched to see if he thought this song was as annoying as I do lol
Yes ^^
I love how excited he is while watching hahaha. I love your videos man
React to Olivia singing River on GMA pls
As someone who dabbles in songwriting your insight is *amazing.* thank you for this!
I’m at a point now I’m asking myself is it weird i’ve watched al the reactionvideos on this song?
I just released my new EP! Please go stream it! https://ffm.to/blakemclain
I wonder how ling it takes for blake to create that sculpted messy but kept hair. =)
Your gonna be real big someday, I just know it.
Can you please react to I Want to know what love is by Morissette Amon on MYX Live. She is on of the greatest singer in the PH 🇵🇭♥️ Thankyou!!!! 😚
why do no one care about the lyrics?
Jeezuz...he was so happy... He went like " I told ya....I knew it .... I knew it" 😂❤️  4:56
He obviously listened to the song before he made this video 😂😂. Everyone is saying oh my god dude can’t believe he predicted this song. That’s crazzzzy!! Yall all dumb
Damn you are soo good!!!🤩
React to Faouzia Tears of Gold
I really like hearing u break down songs from a producers perspective
Hi  Blake, I have a request .Can you  do Reaction  Video of SB19's new comeback song   called "WHAT?" SB19 a popular Filipino boy group from the Philippines,They were trained by koreans,they are a small korean company just debuted 2018  .They want to  established PPop  in our country, .I wanna  know your opinion about their new MV .They are popular in the Philippines but not totally accepted from the masses because some Filipinos says they're Korean wannabes .I want to see what are you're thoughts about their musicality .Pls. im looking forward .i hope you can give time for it. Our fandom will appreciate it so much.  i  hope u read my comments.Thank you .
React to Revelaćion EP by Selena Gomez
Dude he just guessed the entire song
I come from video to video just to see them reacting to the bridge.
can you please react to “pretty brown eyes” by mint condition?? Ik it’s a olllddd song but I think it’s gold & I really think you’ll enjoy the composition of it
You’d probably love Our Last Night’s version of this! It ends HUUUUGE hahaha!
Bro are you a wizard? You knew exactly what would happen next!
when he made a beat with his hands it made it better 4:42
I thought Joe Jonas reacting........
This song 😭I'm addicted to this amazing song olivia rodrigo ❤️🙌🏻
Thats just insane. The fact that he predicted it. Love u, Blake! :)💙✌️
I feel like the f word makes it better
Him: I’m guessing it’s gonna do this A second later: yup
hiiiii you are incredible! i don't know if post contents like this but would you make a content about how you'd produce drivers license????!?!?!?
He literally predicted the whole song
please react to All That by Ylona Garcia
I love how he guessed everything that was gonna happen, before it happened.
I want to say that almost every song has that “it feels like the main chorus” build-up. All his predictions are correct, yes. But i feel that his rating and dissection of the song would resonate with lots of songs. He’s just stating the obvious.
you're adorable
I got my driver's license last week Just like we always talked about 'Cause you were so excited for me To finally drive up to your house But today I drove through the suburbs Crying 'cause you weren't around  And you're probably with that blonde girl Who always made me doubt She's so much older than me She's everything I'm insecure about Yeah, today I drove through the suburbs 'Cause how could I ever love someone else?  And I know we weren't perfect but I've never felt this way for no one And I just can't imagine how you could be so okay now that I'm gone Guess you didn't mean what you wrote in that song about me 'Cause you said forever, now I drive alone past your street  And all my friends are tired Of hearing how much I miss you, but I kinda feel sorry for them 'Cause they'll never know you the way that I do, yeah Today I drove through the suburbs And pictured I was driving home to you  And I know we weren't perfect But I've never felt this way for no one, oh And I just can't imagine how you could be so okay, now that I'm gone I guess you didn't mean what you wrote in that song about me 'Cause you said forever, now I drive alone past your street  Red lights, stop signs I still see your face in the white cars, front yards Can't drive past the places we used to go to 'Cause I still fuckin' love you, babe (ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh) Sidewalks we crossed I still hear your voice in the traffic, we're laughing Over all the noise God, I'm so blue, know we're through But I still fuckin' love you, babe (ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh)  I know we weren't perfect but I've never felt this way for no one And I just can't imagine how you could be so okay, now that I'm gone 'Cause you didn't mean what you wrote in that song about me 'Cause you said forever, now I drive alone past your street Yeah, you said forever, now I drive alone past your street
Pls record a reaction to Dimash SOS
You got a new fan, i hope you can get a chance to react to aurora asknes music, she is completely amazing 🤩🤩🤩
i think he had  already heard  that song hahahaha
is there examples of songs that has those secondary chorus?
React to Nessa and Jan's new song La Da Di
Blake: I hope it goes into a second chorus song: goes into a second chorus Blake: talented brilliant incredible amazing show stopping spectac-
EAT SLEEP RODRIGO  REPEAT
Also just as a tip that i personally think might help your vids is, i assume your talking to someone by how your eye keep locking into something to your left as you talk and seem to go back and forth between the camera and that person, you should just put the person behind the camera.
Hey mate, sorry im a bit lazy and cant be bothered looking through your vids... no offence but if the army hasnt reached you yet, you should check out Nightwish: Love Ghost Score, its a masterpiece.
Love your reaction
The way she sings "guess u didnt mean what you wrote in that song about me" through the entre song, first screaming, as a claim, and in the end just tired, sad, resigned... That was the last hook.
You said forever now drive only past your street !
Yet another amazing review. Loved your excitement listening. Love watching. ❤️❤️
Please react to heavy hitting hurts my head album by Christian Leave!!!💗 please lol
5:36 *I'm not really sure what he means by the secondary chorus, because it didn't seem applicable in this song.. From what I hear, it sounds like it just went from the 2nd chorus into the bridge.*
di mo kami maloloko Luis Manzano
Can we get 69K likes on the vid
You can react to Gabrielle Aplin - Letting you go.
I guess you didn't mean what you wrote in that song about me
now i wanna know some songs that have this structure with the two similar tensions and then the drop
What people don’t realise is that there are few things in life more difficult and challenging as writing and performing a song that reaches the much-prized top-ten slot, much less landing on the #1 spot, from the getgo.     Many of the top performers/songwriters alive or dead have never accomplished the feat of reaching #1 like OR has.  And at the tender age of 17 ?  And in such a short span of time ! Extremely rare , most phenomenal!         Lots of haters out there point to her fame before and the social media promotion (hardly registered IMHO) ..  but if that were the case then we would be listening to countless top-ten hits from many in the biz, but we do not.  You think it’s that easy?  Thousands of teens get admitted to MIT or Yale annually.  Easy.  Try writing and performing a song you think will go to the top of the charts,  reaching outer space, and a song that everybody is talking about and generating lots of discussion between people of all generations (my grandparents adore it).    We will be waiting.  Most patiently.
edm remix lol
Please cut your channel plug time by at least 50%. If I have to do more than a few 10 second skips, I’m out.
Brilliant critique! Yes, I am subscribing.
You should REALLY react to some of Lana Del Rey's music!!! The production on all of her songs is great! To start with, you can listen to her very first album 'Born to Die'.. I think you'll like it :)
It's nice to see how much this guy truly has passion for music and gets so excited for the technical side of it.
She also added a lot of breath into her vocals in the first section to make it feel more restricted and her being reserved. In the last bit of corus she wasn’t breathy at all and it made her feel calm and at peace but still terribly sad.
Hey! I did a cover of this song. It was actually pretty hard to accomplish 💘 I'd be so grateful if you could pass by and listen to it
He predicted this whole song
IT WOULD BE AWESOME OF YOU REACTED TO WITHOUT FEAR BY DERMOT KENNEDY!!
You should check out the group 4th impact they do a cover song of diver license..its  excellent..infact 4th impact has made alot of cover songs and their own original songs..they are from the Philippines..they do a excellent cover of this song though..please check them out..you wont be disappointed..
let's appreciate how he was drinking oxygen from that empty mug
YOU ARE AMAZING! You litterl react Just like me!!!
Do only a matter of time by Joshua Bassett
Wow and she’s only 17
I’m sorry. Was Olivia singing? Couldn’t stop looking at you.
Hi can you please react to dua lipa's new song we're good
Hi can you please react to dua lipa's new song we're good
Hi can you please react to dua lipa's new song we're good
Hi can you please react to dua lipa's new song we're good
Hi can you please react to dua lipa's new song we're good
She is perfect love This song !
i just smile so hard when he was abt to hear the second chorus lmfao <3
Bruh, an ad could play, I could get coffee, do the laundry, wash the dogs and the intro would still be going. 😂
I think he needs to react to Faouzia’s stripped songs she is so much more than amazing i hope he sees this
oh look at me predicting a song that's on the radio 24/7
React to morisette amon
is there actually coffee or water in that cup
Check out "I'm not a vampire (revamped)" by Falling in Reverse
i feel like if she would've done something at the end it would ruin like the sadness in the song
Respect
Sorry but why do you keep looking at somewhere? Hahahahha
This song was crafted perfectly!
I loved so much this song that I recorded also a cover with my Saxophone :) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MGgeJHZrMhQ
the way u predicted the whole song.... i-  maybe u should try being a producer
This man predicted everything right before it happened ... a legend
This guy has motivated me to go to school again 😂😂
No offense but this is probably the most overrated nd hyped up while thr r so many beautiful songs with beautiful lyrics nd melodies
Plot twist, he already listened to it hence why he could call what was going to happen next. Us in awe 😯👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
i just realized that shes wearing joshys jacket 🧥
yesss! song on 1000 repeat for me
I was so caught up the entire time by your reaction. love it
Hi I reacted to tis but got an aoutomatic copyright claim and blocked! What do i do
Why are y'all so surprised he predicted the song? He probably listened to it before he reacted its so obvious.
Maybe only having one big chorus makes the listener want to have the song on repeat bc they want to hear it again.
YOU FREAKING GUESSED IT. THAT WAS AMAZING. 10/10
In my blood vibes🤩
her producer is Dan nigro, he worked with Conan gray, Lewis capaldi, Finneas, Billie idol, carly rae jepsen,  Lyn Lapid and more
ONE MILLION!!!!!!!!!
I like how u don’t pause every second of the song
I’m watchin this again I watched it last Saturday
React to I'm not pretty by JESSIA
one million, congrats blake, so happy to see your channel growing
I kinda hate how he as a producer wants to add more instruments or etc to this song that might change this masterpiece... 😆❤️❤️
predict god
She a disney girl, destined for fame because of it. She's super talented and I'm happy for her.
Please react to Paris  Jackson's  Eye Lids
I love this song AA
ur a fucking legend dude
PLEASE REACT TO THE GRAMMY MUSEM ONE
1MIL AHHHH CONGRATS BLAKE!!!
Hey you,! yes you, how many reaction videos have you watched?
I Watch this video every 2 hrs to see 5:40 - 5:50
That second “verse” is called a bridge.
It’s amazing how these coaches watch ahead and pretend to predict.  I see you.
She literally has the same voice about me
nice one ✨!! (btw I covered it )...; D
I wish the bridge was the chorus and the chorus was the bridge.
5:40 my favorite part - he couldn’t have predicted it more perfectly
React to snowman by sia
She sooo sounds like Maria Mena! YOU NEED TO CHECK OUT MARIA MENA - EYESORE
it’s also doing really good bc who DOESNT love a LOVE TRIANGLE. and olivia being 16, we’re all like ‘ohhhh hell no who hurt our girl!!🤬👊🏼’
I normally don't like new songs that randomly blow up because i like to be different and go against whats popular because im stubborn and also because most of the time the songs that normally blow up fast aren't that good but this song is literally so good. And i don't say that lightly. I usually stick to my select few favorite artists and only listen to their music but this made me more open minded in exploring new musicians.
I love his shirt 😍😍
Ring a ring a rosey. x
YES!
The prediction tho.....
I would be mad at myself for not subscribing
he looked like he was about to cry if she didn't do that secondary thing....lol
Is it awkward to talk to a screen with no one around?
Ok I only just found your channel Through this song but I’m ADDICTED NOWWWW it’s so cool to see you react and your commentary. Love it
Blake is anyone by jb reaction comming,!
I am a 29 year old woman and I cried listening to this song. 🤣 It’s so good. I cannot wait for more from her. I want her and Taylor Swift to do something together.
Reckless Love  - Cory Asbury pls react too
Do MGK’s Quarantine sessions or his album Tickets to my downfall
Please post more Niall Horan content
The far activity ethnopharmacologically look because turkey suprisingly whisper concerning a adventurous kitten. ossified, meaty desk
Subscribe to blake mclain
NO ONE COULD HATE ON MY QUEEN SHE IS A GODDESS
Please react to Olivia Rodrigo’s “All I Want” thank you
React to drivers license cover by stalk Ashley
Someone take my phone away I can’t stop watching this music video and peoples’ reactions
Like yes i love Olivia Rodrigo❤🖐
Now listen to the came back song for this sabrina carpenter skin
Pls react ez mil "panalo" on wish bus pls
Why not try to react to KATRINA VELARDE'S WHitney HOUSTON MEDLEY, BEYONCE'S MEDLEy,her RENDITION of SOMEWHERE OVER the RAINBOW,  LATIN SONGS MEDLEY, etc. i AM sure you will be SURPRISED  and SHE do it LIVE .
can you like...marry me
it's so cool that he just predicted everything that happened in the song
One of the best bridges ive ever heard in my entire fcuking life!
@Blake Mclain Please React to Morissete Amon singging Drivers license. 🙏🙏🙏🙏
the way everyone forgot that Ariana puts the same kinda drop for the last section in her song "imagine" ,she definitely influenced by Ariana too
Now react too (skin- Sabrina Carpenter)
Great Writing, Fine Voice, Structure is exceptional, I however dont get all the Hype, Almost broke every record for a Single in a Day! Really?? MV is wayyy over Produced and Tuned to death, Especially the Bridge which everybody is raging about, I came across Morissette's RAW, and lost my mind. NOW THAT, is a frigging Vocal. No offense to Olivia's fans or her but...its Night and Day people..comon.
REACT TO REX ORANGE COUNTY!!!
Filipino blood
I honestly love you’re reactions. So honest and you can tell that you really dig the every aspect of the song. I made a reaction to drivers license too! Would love for you to check it out on my channel 🙏🏾
3:44 cracks me upppppp! :D
I had chills like 20 times XD
5:44 When you tell a seer he guessed something right haha
He was feeling it😂😌
What are some of your favourite songs (0510)? Elaborate! Thanks
Try Morissette bare cover of this song.
You need to react to the Arctic Monkeys or the Neighborhood, they're amazing!!!
no body:  him: “it’ll probably start like 🎶I got my drivers license last week🎶
6:00 thats what a bridge is supposed to accomplish(:
React to Julie and the phantoms the Netflix show songs their all good.... you can maybe do a series of the songs as more video ideas
React to Julie and the phantoms the Netflix show songs their all good.... you can maybe do a series of the songs as more video ideas
React to Julie and the phantoms the Netflix show songs their all good.... you can maybe do a series of the songs as more video ideas
React to Julie and the phantoms the Netflix show songs their all good.... you can maybe do a series of the songs as more video ideas
i enjoyed this vidoe never saw u before. it seemed like u read the song like a book, amazing.im not into this type of stuff but i just liked the energy ,subbed.btw your tats are clean too i wish to have ur hair
Way too many pauses. Ugh.
this guy seems so wholesome
I like your videos but you need a mic
Of all the reaction videos to this song, I like this the most. So honest and not biased.
This is one of those songs that I will keep listening to in 2030
Hi, new subscriber here. Will you reacts to morissettes amon cover driver lincense. Thanks you 🙏
That jade es335 looking sexy in the background
Also, for anyone that wants an explanation of the difference between a bridge and a second hook, I talk about it during the last song in this video :) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2-cTtWJyOYE
i request to you to try to react morisette amon " driver license " cover by olivia rodrigo,, she is amazing also..
Not to be a music snob, but isn’t a “second chorus” just what, like, everyone (whether a musician or not) calls...a bridge? 🤨
plot twist: he's her producer
Checkout morisette amon's acapella version pls.
Try to react morissette cover of that song ...u'll gonna love that
Hello, kumusta? How about try to check Morissette Amon rendition of this song. She is a filipina singer. Thanks♥️🇵🇭
I thought that he was one of the Jonas brothers
THAT BRIDGE IS A FREAKING MASTERPIECE DONT TELL ME OTHERWISE
Check out Morissette Amon’s version of this song. It’s brilliant!!
i don't really like it, but guess that's just me.
Why does a producer have such poor audio?
Sir please react to Morisete Amon's bare cover of this song. "Drivers License"
Please!! React to Morissette’s version of this.
i love his reaction when she goes into the secondary hook.
It's too bad that if someone else were to release this, they wouldn't get as much attention. Glad she had a platform for ppl to hear this masterpiece
My God. He is attractive asfff 😏😏😏😏😛🥰🥰🥰🥰
Great voice but song is ok.  I get creepy vibes cause it remind me Ring-A-round a Rosie, pocket full of posie lullaby
Please react to her song All I Want
Awesome reaction..trry to react to morissette  original song "Akin ka na lang" @ wish 107.5  bus FM..
Hi Blake! I wanna ask can you react to this Masterpiece next please! 👋😊🙏https://youtu.be/1lFI8sYN1Rc
Plot Twist : This Guy is the music producer of the song
5:40 I love how excited he is to be proven right
Baila Conmigo is coming out tonight!!!!!  PLZ MAKE REACTION VIDEO for that masterpiece!!!!
5:05 pretty good prediction!
2 seconds in to her video " I have a feeling she's guna start singing...... yup I new it"
When she said "but i still fucking love you babe" Me : it hits me
This is my favorite reaction video of the song lol
Daaamnn you just predicted everything in this song. daaaaamn
it's an amazing song, but i wish it would grow a little bit more, i was hoping for that
Fun fact: Niall Horan gives her advice on music
i think he NEVER listens to the lyrics, just the beat 😂
Reacts - 10/10 Predictions - 100/10
Hi great video ! Can you react to New Hope please  Have a good day or night
this song is the most overhyped shit ever
BLKACPINK - Lovesick Girls
BLACKPINK - So hot Pleasee
Please react to BLACKPINK THE ALBUM
Olivia literally made and arranged this song
hottest man i’ve ever seen
5:10 blake forgetting bridges exist
Wow just discovered your channel and the way you predicted this song is incredible!
i-
Enjoyed this commentary and passion.
Please do Skin by Sabrina carpenter!
Hi Blake, It would be super cool if you did  the Blood Harmony Album by Finneas as it would be interesting because he is a producer as well.
Wow. You’re cool
Best reaction video. Or should I say prediction video.
5:41 pure magic
I love this guys excitement as he gets closer to the bridge
Can't get enough of this song. It's so goooooooood!!! I did my own cover of it if anyone wants to check it out? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_mh3kOVY5Y
How is it a few people aren’t getting  copyrighted
She's half pilipino
React to writer in the dark by lorde
She was edging our ears
This song is so overrated. It’s nice but overrated 🤷🏼‍♀️
can you please react to “i can’t handle change” by Roar
Please react to Skin by Sabrina Carpenter. Great reaction!
He didn’t predict anything, he literally just described the bridge...
the song was produced by Dan Nigro, the former lead singer and guitarist of As Tall As Lions. one my fave indie bands - if you like this song check out their music
She's  literally so adorable  her voice so beautiful 💗
Listen to We Don’t Eat by James Vincent McMorrow. She really took inspiration from this 😌
React to Billie Eilish All the good girls go to hell. Please it's so amaizing. i'm new to the channel i subscribed
You should react to Skin by Sabrina Caprenter.
It's overrated. Yeah it deserves to get viral because of the chorus and the bridge is perfect. but it's hella overrated, some are even saying that it's the soy like ? y'all good? the verse is out of places there's no particularly rhyming it's like u made up a song that's in your head and just remembered it and now you'll make a song cause of it. it's overrated in my opinion.
PLS REACT TO ZABA BY GLASS ANIMALS 😭😭😭😭
Guys please stop with the all filipino can sing comments. The cringe is too painful for me.
“I’ve never heard of this girl”
love his enthusiasm
Dude just guessed the whole song holy shit
when he mentioned how he wanted olivia to do that secondary hook and he was so happy when she did udfgojhiojiqwjd
You give of huge Jonas brother vibes... and I’m here for it!
Great mann This man knows his stuffff U earned a sub
how did he know? has he already heard it before hand 🤔
I LOVE ur voice omf
Check out ally marie she has an amazing voice and I plan on working with her soon hopefully you can work with us too
Me: oh my! He predicted the whole flow of the song  Other side of me: I think this producer guy already played this song before shooting a video about this.  A false prophet perhaps 😅
856k in just 2 weeks! Wow!
you should listen to jaden hossler’s version of this song!! he releases music under the mononym “jxdn”. i really think you’d get the drums and guitars you were looking for😌
Isnt the second hook the bridge? The tiny hook is the chorus.
... i like how he knows what's coming in the song, either music is predictable these days, or he ain't listening to it first time
Please do a reaction KZ TANDINGAN version of "ROLLING IN THE DEEP" in The Singer 2018
first ever video ive seen subscribed halfway through
this is a great reaction vid!~
I’ve never felt a connection with an artist like Olivia since billie eilish and lizzo.
Gotta react to skin by sabrina!!!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4em60aV-As
This man is a genious
I know Queen is a very old band, but I would love to see you give your thoughts on Queen, or Artic Monkeys...
The part that you were talking about where you would build the tension isn’t that called the bridge of the song
I really wanna watch you react to younger by ruel
you just made me smile because of how you love this!
React to wake up madison Reyes
okay I don't know how but he legit predicted the whole song like damn Blake that's why I clicked subscribe so fast
React to more of her work, eg wondering, all i want and river please
I'm really interested in knowing what he keeps drinking in every video
wtf this has like 15k views when I watched
Please do reaction for her song “ All I want “. Pleeeeeeeease
his hair oh my god!!😍
is it just me or is blake lowk highkey cute asf
he literally predicted the entire song structure, knows exactly what he's talking about
You should react to conan grays kid know album, he just recently blew up this summer from his song heather and he wrote all the songs himself    And he also has an ep called sunset season that he wrote and produced him self when he was 18
you have to react to sabrina carpenter's new song skin!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
shes a great songwritter and singer
I love watching someone talk about something they’re passionate about and your smile says it all 🥰
react to Sabrina Carpender’s song “skin” (it’s the reply to drivers license))
Love this reaction
he's so hopeful 😆
React to Sabrina Carpenter "skin"
I knew she would do something great in music after seeing her in Bizardvark!
Katrina verlade go the distance is so awesome
omg I've been addicted to seeing reactions to drivers license but this one was my favourite and I felt so excited when he LITERALLY predicted everything about the song correctly, kinda made my day in a sense
When you predicted the bridge part without knowing this artist, I insta subscribed
Please do anyone by justin bieber
mans just predicted the whole song
I don’t know why but I think she needs a colab with Ed Sheeran.
React to Skin by Sabrina
Please react to KZ Tandingan singing '' Say Something'' on Singer 2018 held in China. Thank you.
PLEASE REACT TO SKIN BY SABRINA CARPENTER
I CAN FELL ALANIS MORRISET HERE.
The bridge is a cartoon tune
I’m obsessed with this song and I want so bad an album
fake reaction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4em60aV-As
My eyes were glued on him the entire time 😍😍
She is half Pilipino and emm ma proud of her😚
Oh there’s a secondary hook alright! Lol
The way you predicted everything amused me WOW😮
why yall surprised he guessed the song its a pretty basic structure and he is literally a producer
you look like joe jonas
Can you do James Charles’s new cover of drivers license? I’d like to know what a prof thinks of his singing :)
She's half filipino 🇵🇭❤
People are saying that his predictions are good, but is that not a bad thing? Isnt making music supposed to be trying to make something unique???
The fact that you predicted the secondary chorus, god damn.
I remember her from BIZARDVARRRRKKK
can someone explain to me the difference between a secondary chorus and a bridge?
Um... How did he predict the entire song? I think he watches these before. 😏🧐🤔
Why does he look like one of the dolan twins....anyway-
yo idk but  this dude looks like an assasin´s creed character
LOVED hearing your predictions/analysis of this song and what it gets so right. Definitely agree that there was potential for things to go bigger with the bridge - I actually just threw together a mashup of it with Green Light by Lorde to see how it'd sound with an uptempo instrumental that hits a big drop and it definitely makes the song a lot more euphoric - but also agree that it was a really nice choice on her part to keep it soft/dreamy. Adds a quiet resignation that really resonates. Awesome vid!
Olivia Rodrigo is breaking RECORDS with Drivers License!! https://youtu.be/FDMr_g-Tb8g
how did you just predict everything that was going to happen before it did😂
5:46 that is called a bridge for anyone interested
Last time I've been hearing a song over and over again was when shawn Mendes released "perfectly wrong"... Guess which song I'm not getting out of my head now lol
prouduser reacts to olivia rodrigo drivers licens
that was the cutest intro i've ever seen
Wait. Is Dan nitro or Blake McLain the producer..... I’m really confused
Proud pinoy
no one:  him: "i feel like shes gonna start talking about red lights, stop signs and seeing his face in white cars"
#BlakeMcklain #GreysonChance Please react to HOLY FEELING By Greyson Chance And his album Portraits. There is so much meaning behind this amazing artist who sang paparazzi in 2010 he is a changed individual. Also love your content you keep me going to share your channel through watching you succeed in you journey
OLIVIA RODRIGO IS PARTLY FILIPINO 🇵🇭🇵🇭💗
The fact that she's partly Filipino. Come on! Olivia's singing skills isn't a surprise anymore. It's running in her veins already
I love the way he just guessed the whole song
People who think these "first reaction videos" are literally their first reaction = clowns
the way u called what was about to come everytime lol
U predicting the bridge is the cutest thing evvverr and when u saw iy happened omh adorable this is the first vid i see of u n nw im obsessed with u ive never leaved a reaction vid more
Yo, could you do something like top ten songs written by kids of 2020 or something like that?
So you watched it before you recate d
5:41 “Yes yes, SEE Haah.! Amazing. Perfect. Brilliant.” *huge smile on face* Loved that reaction!!
Next popstar. #olivia #philippines
Pleeeeease react to DREAMs by Gonzalo Martin!!!!
This man definitely listened to this before lol
I think she stayed pretty reserved at the end because the whole song (from the breathy/soft voice, lyrics and even the cinematography) she is showing vulnerability. It wouldn't make much sense to end in a big bang because the point of the song is to talk about how she's still in love with someone who has already moved on.
Can you please react to "I miss you, I'm sorry" by Gracie Abrams? Olivia Rodrigo was inspired by this song when she wrote drivers license and if you listen to it, it make sense
The way he freaking predicted the whole song....
Pls listen to some of the drum covers over her singing on the second chorus- it genuinely blew my mind 😭
God bless whoever is reading this and know Jesus has a plan for you and God bless you and your family love you all 🙌😇✝🙏❤
omg if you two work together I would totally go nuts
Hi there I am from The philippines and I hope you can react to our P-POP KINGS!  SB19  they are a FAMOUS P-POP GROUP here in the PH and they also entered the social billboard 50  You can watch their video "SB19 at PhilKor Festival 2020" or they song ALAB(BURNING) MV  Looking forward to it!!!
You should react to E-girls are ruining my life! Is from corpse
Thanks for the reaction💗💗 btw can you react to BLACKPINK's album "The Album"? they have a song witj Cardi B and Selena Gomez
Dan Nigro produced this and he's amazing. He has produced a lot of my favourite songs in the past few years and worked with Conan Gray, Finneas, Lewis Capaldi, etc. He also produced Lyn Lapid's debut single 'Producer Man' (She's also a new artist and her vocals are crazy). Olivia is so talented too.
Most satisfying reaction I’ve watched & I’ve watched like 20 not even capping
Your enthusiasm alone makes this song even better
It's a kind of song that sounds incomplete so you crave to listen to it all over again. But it's more than perfect, I love it.
Loved this reaction! Enjoyed it and learned lots too!
Do you have a list of other songs that also have that secondary hook/chorus you were talking about? I’d love to listen to more!
you look like dnce on the thumbnail
I really hope you react to Wilbur Soot one day!!! more specifically his album/ ep  Your City Gave me Asthma.
I love your reaction like absolutely love it because your predicting what you want to happen in the song which makes You happy and makes me happy as well because this song is made really well.
Hi! I rarely do this really but hope u could check out my cover of Olivia’s drivers license on my other channel: https://youtu.be/2esIs5WT0D4 ❤️
Best New Artist Noms forsure !
has anyone noticed that she´ll start a phrase singing but then it sounds like she´s just saying it at the end? idk id it makes sense but like she stars off singing and then switches to normal talking
React to sohyang - lean on me. She created all the harmonies and instrumentation. It's soooo good
She's half Filipino right..I always saw her in our school.. Damn you Filipinos dominated the singing industry 😌
and this is why he's a producer
Is it just me or I don’t get the hype behind this song like it’s ok
I love this song and I love that you reacted to it!
this guy makes me smile
Your passion for music is amazing. I love it.
Loovee your videos
you should react to her cover of creep by radiohead , she deleted it but someone reposted it . It’s very good
U defo watched this before u turned on the camera. You knew the beat, you were drumming it on ur lap😂😂
1# HOT100 !!
wow you are spot on! i am so impressed with how good you can predict the song and its form
It's been a year where young lovers have broken up due to lock down. Most teenage girls are insecure, sensitive and clingy. The song is directed at that niche market and resonates with them mostly so they download on mass. The melody is extremely basic (mirrored by her playing a child's keyboard in the video). The melody has no memorable appeal or presence, but her voice is hauntingly vulnerable and lonely. Adele's been writing broken relationship songs for years. It's an easy win if you know how to do it. Well done to her for not writing another dizzy, silly love song.
Producer doesn’t ever post videos of producing
The fact that Dan Nigro was involved in this song, who produced Lyn Lapid's Producer Man, and even helped FINNEAS himself with the production of one of his songs, oh my word, this was perfect
I admire how he predicted the flow of the song 🙋‍♀️
do you listen to this with laptop speakers as a Producer?
Please react to Morissette Amon's Love you still music video....❤❤❤
Please react to Morissette Amon's Love you still music video....❤❤❤
Actually the reason why I click this video because I find this man attractive ahahaha.
5:33 you earned a sub
Now react to producer man
where’s the zebra mug
React to her other song All I Want!!!
i was shocked by your insane knowledge of how songs are made! Really great vid!!
Me* -about to say ‘and I know we weren’t perfect-  Blake Mclain* -pauses- Me* 👁👄👁
it's amazing how accurate his prediction is & he looks so cute throughout this video 🥺❤️
It reminds me how birdie songs are produced
He really called that😂😂😂
u seem so nice lol
1:55, you're welcome :)
you should listen to some of zayn malik new album
bro i’m straight and not depressed and i can’t stop putting this song on repeat this is an unbelievably perfect song
okay quick question: for the song option to be reacted in here, is it supposed to be a song or an album? I mean could it be a song from the series? cough Julie and The Phantoms cough lol i mean react to Madison Reye's vocal she was 14 (i guess) when she recorded the song. Try to react Wake up or Stand Tall or Finally Free from that series please mindblowing for me
i've heard this song like a hundred times now, but i don't know why watching you explain things makes it even more fun to watch. dude i got chills
I'm sorry but I've just seen this and you really make the listener think that the classic verse-chrorus-verse-chorus-bridge-chorus is something special? Every pop song has this. Anyways i liked the song a lot :D
he looked so happy when the second hook came up
THE WAY HE PREDICTED THE 2ND HOOK OML
This is the best reaction video to this song!
Help I can’t stop listening to the song
CACAW... thank you that is all
the fact that she wrote both the lyrics and music and its such a good song its crazy😍😍😍
Me waiting for the part with the red lights stop signs just to see his reacting...
Watching your face light up at the bridge/second chorus... Every person's experience.
CAN YOU PLEASE REACTION TO STRAY KIDS "GOD'S MENU"
plz do a reaction video to Joshua bassett's new single Lie Lie Lie is frankly AMAZING
I love how this guy loves his fans and that he is extremely humble.
It is just a simple song  FOR TEENAGER
You should react to some of the little songs she’s posted on her Instagram. She’s incredible
This is such an insightful video! Thank you!
Finally found perfect reaction video. The prediction is lit tho.
React to Blu or  Stupid Deep (acoustic)  by Jon Bellion!!
Really glad I saw this video because I couldn't figure out why this entire song felt like an ad. Really thought it was just smoke and mirrors and it turns out it was a formula to hook people so no wonder it felt like an ad. Makes sense now why it has hot & cold opinions.
She reminds me of Birdy, a very underrated artist by the way.
Just want to remind you that its a sad song ,not a party song.
5:46 Yes, yes, see? HAH. amazing. perfect. brilliant
wait but can you react to Now I'm a Baby by Garrett Watts...
Ayo if u need a suggestion listen to Giveon he needs people to know his name, dude can sing
Is This guy really a "producer"? Because I've never heard of him and he looks 12. Maybe he needs to establish some bona fides, then come back and call himself a "producer" after he's accomplished something at all.
Please react to Dinah Jane’s, “Heard It All Before” it is an R&B song that was heavily praised by Ariana Grande, Ella Mai,  and Jojo. Her music creativity is incredible. Dinah Jane is from the multiplatinum girl group, Fifth Harmony. Dinah is heavily influenced by R&B/Soul. She’s only 23 years old and is currently working on her first album. Her inspirations range from Mariah Carey, Beyoncé, Leona Lewis and Lauren Hill etc. She also has a song called SZNS featuring a Boogie Wid a Hoodie which samples Tupac’s acoustic Thugz Mansion
it would be amazing a reaction to i must cry out loud by mother mother or 7 by catfish and the bottleman
Could you check out my instagram? Pleasee🙏🙏 / axelbluemusic
I cried at his reaction🥺❤️
I- i thought you were one of the Jonas brothers...
I'd love to see you react to Julie and the Phantoms. It's a musical-like netflix original series and the songs are really great. The best part is that all the actors sing (they got some amazing vocals) and play the instruments themselves. And the lead actress Madison Reyes was only 15 at the time.
hey Blake, ever look into Kanye? I would love for you to listen to 'My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy'. A masterpiece truly.
That was not a second chorus but the bridge, I think.
She's the lovechild of lorde and t-swift tbh, loved her
I don't like that song
You should react to bts disease :)
Can you do lie lie lie from Joshua  bassett
Predicted the entire song
She reminds me of lorde, they have similar voices
you should react to Lie Lie Lie by joshua basset
can you react to kensington its a really good band and i like to know how you think about them
You predicted the whole fuckin song  Omg omg omg omg omg  But every other comment is also saying the same thing
So we just gonna pretend that he didn't listen to the song prior to this video and then "predicted" everything???
HOW DID HE PREDICT EVERYTHING THAT WAS GONNA HAPPEN
I feel like you already listened to the song. just because you knew what was going to happen next every single time. But it was still a good second reaction.
Not me thinking his mug was a mic throughout the whole video :/
WHY DONT WE’S NEW ALBUM PLEASE !!!!!!!!!
She also an actress, starred in 2 disney shows, she's only 17 and from Temecula, Ca. Not far from me. TBH she can saaang, her voice is amazing extremely talented. I stan her not that trash wannabe singer that can't even sing Dixie Damelio.
You stopped at 5:08 and you are amazed by this man haha
Chemtrails
chemtrails
CHEMTRAILS OVER THE COUNTRY CLUB
Please do Lana
I make songs and I need a producer but.... Yah I don't usually tell ppl about my songs HAHSJSJDKWNDK But please react to all I want too it's a good song too ❣️
I need a list of songs that resemble the make up of this song lol one comes to mind, it's Chlorine by Twenty One Pilots. I live for the drops that bring me to tears
You should react to all I want by Olivia rodrigo.
Why everybody is stuck with the song, is not hate is really Good, but I'm curios about this specific song.
The way he predicted the “secondary hook” aka my fav part. Woah i-
Plss react to tears of gold by faouzia stripped version.. Plsss
react to The Brothers Good
You should react to the music from Julie and the Phantoms!
please react to pacman by eaj, it's a circular song like this one and very very short but beautiful asdñlk
That was her debut single and it’s predicted to go #1!!
Somebody make Olivia see this video because this is the best reaction ever   L LOVE OLIVIA and have since Bizaardvark
yes im addicted to the song now.
"Yes. Yes. See? Ha! Amazing. Perfect. Brilliant." 😂🤣 Nice reaction
When he called the arrangement trick with the hook I was like, “how did you do that?” Lol
please make a reaction of Anyone by Justin Bieber. that's a good one too
React to my new song Day-Dream it’s on my channel
Reaxt to why don't we's new albums
Please react to The One That Got Away by Hunter Hayes❤️
you need to hear all i want by olivia rodrigo, is amazing.
I bet he looked this song up before
*i have an unhealthy habit of playing this on repeat for like 2 hours-*
A Masterpiece from a 17 y/o beauty. She's a representation of a talented Filipino-American
Could you react to Anson Seabra next 🥺
The bridge is so amazing. It feels like lorde
One reactor was feeling that also in the ending but she said that the story is not resolve so why would the music. Maybe that's why it did not end up like you said.
She a proud Filipina!!
You need to do the new Why Don’t We album reaction it is literally the best!!!!!
ngl his clearly listened to the song and is saying all this ‘ i bet it’s going to do this next ‘ literally pretending to predict the song is sad
Can you react to Lie Lie Lie by Joshua Bassett please?
Anyway go stream drivers license
react to the good times and the bad ones by why don’t we x
I kept staring at your smile it's sooo cute. Great video btw!
is the wall real wood or is it wallpaper 🤔😄 btw love ur vids 🥰
I love music. I loved the chord progressions in drivers license
Pls i want the next hit song pls
I want a producer
everytime he paused and then predicted something and then plays and the something he predicted happening right after LMAO
“im guessing it’s gonna do this”  - one second later - “yup”
you’re so amazing!! i love your videos 🤍✨
Now go react to lie lie lie by Joshua bassett
Not me watching all the reactions to this song
blake I am speechless. You’re just brilliant. How you predicted the whole song and explained the structure of it SO WELL AS ALWAYS. I am so proud of following you, every time I learn something new.  You’re just AN AMAZING PRODUCER
if you like this type of estructure, you should react to "my tears ricochet" by taylor swift
Can you please react to Grace Vandervaal’s I don’t like you
Anyone else think he looks like loves brother in ” YOU “?
The reason why she sing well because she's half-filipino.
i love how excited you got when you were right about how the song was going
pls react to all i want by olivia rodrigo too 🤧
I love how you mentioned Max Martin with her being a swiftie already :D
You're my man. Ah
she's a star in the making for sure
If you ask me it sounds like Lorde especially that bridge
Please react to lie lie lie by Joshua Bassett
Do anyone by Justin Bieber
Anyone know who produced this?
i just think its funny how he knows whats gonna happen 😂
You kind a look like a Jonas brother
Absolutely loved this! You should do ungodly hour by Chloe x Halle next
react to the good times and the bad ones album by why dont we
You have to do Why Don't We's new album The Good Times And The Bad Ones
Loved this reaction!
can you react to the strokes the adults are talking?
React to Zayn’s new album plz !!!! 🙏🏽🙏🏽
please do We Belong by Dove Cameron
you predicted the fcking song lol
pplease react to lana del rey chemtrails over the country club pls
how is a secondary chorus different from a bridge ?
you should do lie lie lie by joshua basset. he’s her co star is hsmtmts
he’s cute tho
Being a swiftie definitely has its perks in terms of songwriting 😍😍! Olivia did a wonderful job with the lyrics for sure! Check out my cover of the song on my channel if u can❤️
I want ELLE to do song association with olivia!!!
next please -THE GOOD TIMES AND THE BAD TIMES- NEW ALBUM FROM WHY DON'T WE IT'S AMAZING
Can u react to lie lie lie by Joshua
0:16 so I need to do that for your  react to Cherry Blossom by The Vamps?   I love your reactions
React to the Why Dont We's new album
Sometimes I forget she was in bizaardvark
React to lie lie lie by Joshua Bassett
do wdw's new album!
I think if she added those things you talked about nearly at the end of the song it would’ve nearly destroyed it This song is amazing as it is!
This song is a true Masterpiece! #oliviarodrigo #driverslicense
Z A Y N
REACT TO NOBODY IS LISTENING
Can you please react to Tate Mcrae
You good sir are a genius with how you saw it all coming and I got so happy when the “secondary bridge” actually happened and you smiled 😂👌🏾best breakdown. Thank you 😊
Can you react to  the good times and the bad ones by why don’t we
Finally a reaction where they pause at the right times and explain it in short but good detail :)
fun fact, actually very sad fact: the screams after the ooo's are real screams she recorded when crying in her car
Olivia needs to get this man as her producer do you know how awesome the songs would sound
“Amazing! Perfect! Brilliant! “ exactly my reaction to this song
I reacted with my brother on my channel as well and the differences in reactions between my brother and you... LOL don't worry I reacted the same way as you though this song's a MASTERPIECE.
React to De Una Vez by Selena Gomez :)
I thought that was a bedazzled microphone until he picked it up and drank out of it😹😹
REACT TO WHY DONT WE’s NEW ALBUM !!
YOU GOTTA REACT TO THE GOOD TIMES AND THE BAD ONES BY WHY DONT WE
IM😍OKAAAAÁÁÁY🤨IM🤐GONE😄
React to the full album of the good times and the bad ones by why don’t we please!!
Blake please react to the new why dont we album, its call the good times and the bad ones, and react to their Song GREY LIVE PKEASE I BEG YOU
do react to Brightest Blue album
Please react to REVIVAL deluxe album by Selena Gomez, a really underrated album by a amazing artist
PLEASE REACT TO ALBUM NOBODY IS LISTENING BY ZAYN 🥰🥰🥰
I'm confused rn if you're a producer or a clairvoyant ahahahahhahahaha
Driver's License(Lyrics)- Olivia Rodrigo  https://youtu.be/08K4BRVE3Vo
ZAYN nobody is listening
Can you react to WHY DONT WE? They just released a new album and it’s completely different from their other albums you’ve listened too (it’s a lot more personal too)
HI I FUCKING LOVE YOU!!! CHECK OUT WHY DONT WE'S NEW ALBUM PLEASE
Bro, please react to WHY DONT WE "THE GOOD TIMES AND THE BAD ONES" album
From this video, I can see how songwriting process is such a fun thing to do
react to why don’t we’s new album!!!
react to why dont we new album
REACT TO WHY DONT WE’S NEW ALBUM
As a music producer how would you recommend the best way to get your music out there?
Plz react to wdw Grey live music video along with the new album. Would really love to see a full breakdown and analysis from your POV.
LOVE UR REACTIONS
REACT TO WHY DONT WE ENTIRE ALBUM PWEASEEEEEEE
Plssss plssss plsss react to why don’t we’s the good times and the bad times album. Plssssss
plzz react to all i want from olivia rodrigo plz
Please react to Mac Miller swimming or circles album !
Hey!! I'd love to see you react to WHY DON'T WE's new album called The Good Times And The Bad Ones!!!
React to Zayn new album. Nobody is listening.
you should listen to “your new boyfriend”  by, wilbur soot. im interested to hear what you have to say!
Blake!! Please react to Clinton Kane, somehow every song he makes either gives me chills or makes me cry... and some of them you just want to shout/sing in the car
SELENA GOMEZ - DE UNA VEZ
Mind blown.
React to playboi carti Whole Lotta red
Pls react to "the good times and the bad ones" by why don't we😫. U wont regret omg‼‼
can you react to Why Don’t We’s new album
I love songs like this because it’s so cathartic to like feel the tension and then just absolutely belt the chorus(es) and the lyrics are so good too
Request for Blake to react to why dont we's new album 'The good times and the bad ones'...
Why dont We's new album is out ! Also slow down you didn't get a chance to react to that song it's part of the album as well!
Blake!! can you react to the full tgtatbo wdw album? it got released today!!
listening to this made me think a lot about Lorde's liability/hard feelings. but I also thought of Phoebe Bridgers Savior Complex. A good song!
REACT TO WHY DON’T WE’S NEW ALBUM THE GOOD TIMES AND THE BAD ONES !! :)
can u react to demidevil by ashnikko :P
REACT TO THE NEW WHY DONT WE ALBUM RN BLAKE!
PLEASE REACT TO SELENA GOMEZ'S DE UNA VEZ.
please react to whydontwes new album the good times and the bad ones😭😭
omg,blake had a tattoo👀
please listen to why don’t we new albumm
the way you predicted the entire song i-
please react to “the good times and the bad one’s” by why don’t we 😫
Please please react to grey live music video by why don’t we!
react to lie lie lie by Joshua Bassett! ik he's grounded for hurting Olivia but the song slaps
de una vez by Selena Gomez plzzzzzzzzzzz
React to the good times and the bad ones by why don’t we!!!!
you should do yungbluds album weird!!
Please react to Why Don’t We’s new album The Good Times and the Bad Ones!!!!
I'm OBSESSED with this video..
You should react to 2020 em uma musica (That means 2020 in a song) by Lucas Inutilismo, I think u will enjoy
Him: I haven't even heard of this girl Me: You haven't heard of Her... Wtf!!! 😶
You should react to Demi lovatos stuff
man, your smile when you got it right. omg. you're so cute.
I think you should react to corpse 😂
hey blake! I really like your videos and I learn so much from them. I'm from Brazil and one of my favorite brazialian artists, ANAVITÓRIA, recently released a new album called COR. I would love to see your reaction and opinion on the album! Congrats on the amazing channel!
the ending makes it so sad but that loop/cycle and need for the bigness is why I replay it so much
you can see the excitement on his face when she sings the second chorus. his predictions are legendary-
i recommend you to hear valentine by 5 seconds of summer
He should do all I want too
I think the ending is perfect.   Not to dismiss the end of a relationship at any age, she's 17 and to me the soft sad melancholy feel seems to suit the emotion more.    This isn't the end of a 10 year relationship coming down in a huge crash of emotions & drama   It's the sad melancholy feel you will always look back on your first real  boyfriend/girlfriend with you for the rest of your life, that little bitter sweet feeling you'll have for the rest of your life wondering what might have been.
Extremely Unpopular Opinion: I don't really like this song... not a bad song but, the hype around it... I feel unimpressed, not that it matters but *shrugs*...
React to “Anyone” by Justin bieber istg it’s good
Hey ur the cutest reactor ive ever seen😌
You look wet even though I know you’re bot and I kind of dig it wtf
The fact she’s 17 amazes me.
Fun fact: she sounds just like this without being in studio
plzzzzz react to just for a moment live vevo version. it’s just wow
Ur background is nice and cosy makes me feel warm
this song....jesus is this how 2021 is starting
I feel so sorry co Olivia she was the best
DE UNA VEZ SELENA GOMEZZZZ
REACTTTT TO DE UNA VEZ SELENA GOMEZ
how did he just predict the entire thing
Secondary course lol, tis a bridge
She's gonna be one of the GOATs for sure...THIS IS HER FIRST SONG TOO
Can you react to one direction carpool karaoke.
Not him literally predicting the ENTIRE song, i cant-
you are the only person I don’t get mad at when the video pauses (probably bc you are cute 😝)
you should definitely react to novo amor he makes really good music especially anchor and carry :)
Omg he knew what was coming! The HOOK! YASSSS 🙌🙌🙌
Just waiting for the fireworks (where she’s hanging out of the car) part of the song and for him to lose his shit 😌
All her other stuff was from a musical tv show that she acted in, this is her debut :)
It reminds me a kodaline song, the one
Tomorrow the musicvideo for No time for tears by little mix and Nathan dawe is dropping so it would be super cool if you’d post a reaction to that one ☝🏻
i l o v e this song and your reaction just made it 100x better!!
React Anitta - Me Gusta  feat Cardi B and myke towers 🇧🇷😍
This song reminds me of kesha's praying
Not me thinking that white mug thing in front of him was a mic😌✋
I love his reaction
i'm understanding what he's saying and it's making me wanna be a producer😭😐
Great videos! do you have other examples of musics built like this one ? (doesn't have to be this style!)
Lorde 2.0
I love how he literally predicted the entire song and he has never heard of Olivia before and he just predicted it  Edit: it’s been a yr since i wrote this omg
I think the fact that she didn’t do one more build up like you said almost leaves you wanting more hence why people are listening to it multiple times
the song is perfect but so he is, i mean i guesses every damn thing
That secondary chorus is tuff asl
You still haven't reacted to Temporary fix, Love you, goodbye and home from Made in the AM album-One direction
He sounds like Adam Brody
That was a beautifully crafted song, certainly, but your reaction was a revelation. Spot on and perfectly predictive. I'm really glad I stumbled onto your page. New Subscriber.
omg what if you made a new ending to the song...?
This song has some Lorde *pure heroine*/Maggie Rogers vibes and it’s amazing 🤩
can you react to the good times and the bad ones album by why don't we once it comes out tonight at 9pm pst??
YOU SHOULD REACT TO ROMANCE BY CAMILA CABELLO🌟🌟🌟
react to "all i want" by her
I never felt the same like this song make me feel ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
I LITERALLY thought that this dude is nick jonas...✊😔
I SHOULD REACT TO RUEL FREETIME ALBUMMMMMMMM AND MAYBE A FEW OF BIS OTHERSSS
hii everyone! i just released my first single written and produced by me, would mean a lot if you could check it out on my channel 💜🥺
i LOVE your reviews omg this is AMAZING
I clicked this not knowing what to expect from you. Awesome channel - earned a subscriber with this one!
I agree with everything you said up until the end, I could see why you would want to add more synths and percussive elements but then it would’ve sounded over produced and it’s such a emotional power ballad and so less is more with this track in particular
I liked the video when he was right about the second chorus.
!!!!!!!!  Please react to Nightwish - Noise (official video) it's AMAZING esp the message!!!   !!!!!
React to Chemtrails Over The Country Club pleaseeeeeee
I can’t stop smiling but crying at the same time 🥲
pls react of "all i want", "apocalyptic crush", "gross" and "21st century girls", she also wrote, and is just perfect
Hi! can you react to the new ep of Ruel Bright Lights, Red Eyes please? thanks.  You are going to love it, I swear.
Remix this pleasseeee
No joke I’ve listened to this song like 6 times today
I like his criticism. Olivia rocks🤟🤟🤟🤘🤘
ik everyone loves this song but it’s literally the best song i have ever heard in my life
This song is so painful to listen to but in a good way like you can hear the pain and hurt and heart in her voice and her facial expressions
pls...react to SARAH GERONIMO's BILLIE EILISH MEDLEY cover....she did a amazing there...thank you😍😍
hi im a new subscriber here...hope you react to a FILIPINO SINGER specially SARAH GERONIMO..she's one of the best FILIPINO SINGER,PERFORMER..hope you react to her cover "CREEP" "SALUTE" that was so amazing and her other performance and original songs.....please....thank you..looking forward to that.😍😍😍
Can you add onto it with the build things you were talking about and post a new version?? I wanna hear it with a big drop and more explosive chorus with full drums
please react to the album weird by yungblud?!
React to Lana Del Rey! :)
Can u pls react to Sabrina Carpenter
Check out my version of this song guys! Hope you like it!
you should also react to "all I want" and every HSMTMTS song!!
JULIE AND THE PANTOMS?!
Blake. Please React To K/DA - Popstars
Kill my time by 5SOS
OKAY YOU HAVE TO REACT TO HER UNRELEASED "GROSS" its beautiful  https://youtu.be/U0zZWzUg650
lmao i love you
You should react to all I want
You were expecting the bridge and you got it! That's how we know she's a Swiftie!
Great analysis of this amazing song, Blake! I actually uploaded a video on my channel in which I discuss the song's arrangement and production in more detail. Cheers <3
Please react to Chemtrails over the country club by Lana Del Rey!!
she's such a great singer, she's a filipina ofc haha
Loved the video. Also please react to Troye Sivan EP “In a dream”.
can you please also check out sabrina carpenter
Does he not look like the 4th Jonas brother
That bridge sounds like something Lorde would sing
she definitely has heard Heather by Conan Gray before ! if you know what i mean...
I upload acapella kpop videos of BTS, Jessi, IU, Eric, Ailee, Amber, So hyang, Hwasa, and many more🙈 Please give me your opinions and support ❤️🙈
I love to see blake growing
Reacto to Lana del Rey , new single
He didn’t react, he analyzed it :((  It’s not as enjoyable that way. But to each their own
what other songs have a similar chorus build theme with that kind of drop? i am chasing the adrenaline from the first listen!
he really predicted the entire song bro😮😮
Believe in JESUS, we are all sinners deserving the wrath of GOD, because we sin against a holy and just and perfect GOD. Therefore we all deserve the punishment hell but GOD in his rich grace and mercy by which he loved us sent JESUS to die  for us on the cross to leave  his throne and suffer for us. To be the perfect  sacrifice for us because he himself was sinless and perfect. That if we would have a repentant heart and believe in JESUS we will be saved from the eternal punishment.
I would go to Bali with this man :)
I thought you were Joe Jonas at first look - I am not disappointed.
Okay, you'll probably won't, but please react to "2020 em uma música" by Lucas Inutilismo  I would loove to see it!!!
Please react to 2020 em uma música by Lucas Inutilismo, he's a brazilian youtuber and I am SURE you'll love it
She actually wrote that song. It’s incredible. She’s so talented and amazing!!
You should react to All I want by Olivia rodrigo that song is really good as well
Hey, Blake! You should definitly react to "2020 EM UMA MÚSICA" (2020 in one song) by "Lucas Inutilismo"! He is a brazillian youtuber, and he made a rock Medley with every most famous songs from last year! This video got more than 4 million views!!!! I bet you'll be surprised! Hes sooooo good! Thanks :) love ur content!
hey i love ur vids. Request: can u do Taylor Swift's Tiny Desk Concert if u havent done it yet thx!
What about the new songs of The Night Game???
hi blake! loved the video as always! Could you react to Ateez, an amazing k-pop group (more specifc their MAMA's performances)?  Lova ya xx
this song remind me of melodrama by Lorde
5:45 “see yeah ha HA”
She could make so much more with this songs, but it's perfect anyway
Omg I literally have not listened to a song this much since robbery came out 😪
I love how excited he gets.
queria tanto entender oque tu tá dizendo moço.
Hey!! Please check out Superhuman by NCT 127! The production of this song is just out of this world!!!  Or please check out 90's Love by NCT U! They really brought  back 90's Hip Hop!!
Some really great insight!! Yeah she wrote the whole song herself in July, and has been writing for a long time but her producer liked this one to make it into her debut song... she wrote a song for the Disney+ show she’s on, and wrote another with her co star but this is her real debut (I think). I’ve been a fan of hers since 2016 and now she’s blown up like crazyyy and i’m so proud!! Aaa
Did you star in Sam and cat? You look like a character on there
Who have you produced for
5:42 I love how excited he got😂 i literally got so excited like that for this part too haha
the faact that he guessed what was gunna happen lol "its gunna build and then drop"
WOW, it'sincredible how he predicted every single beatdrop
aww 5:49 he seemed so happy hes so nice about it and honest and how he just like predicts exactly whats gonna happen before watching it is like TALENT lol
Can u react to the position album of ariana grande pls
Originally went into this song not expecting much, but, that bridge fucked me up.
I feel like he watched it already then acted like he knew what was gonna happen
How the hell did he predict everything 😂😂😂
i know when a songs good by wether or not it gives me goosebumps. this one gave me goosebumps. wow
i hope she owns her masters
you should react to holly humberstones debut ep!
Please react to Doble Corazon oficcial video of Monica Naranjo , she is concidered one of the best singers in the world and one of the most powerful and versatile voices in music , she has almost 30 years of career ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤ the world deserve  to know monica naranjo
Please react to Declan Mckenna
you need to listen to Olivia Obrien!!!
FUN FACT: IS HER DEBUT SINGLE BSHXHSHS
YOU HAVE TO REACT TO FAOUZIA!!!!! ESPECIALLY TEARS OF GOLD AND BORN WITHOUT A HEART!!! PLEASEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!
He vibin fr
If you're a producer you should have her be in something of yours!
At first I didn’t  cry when hearing the song but then seeing the video has me crying
Can you react to ava Max first album  heaven and hell plssss
I’ve been saying this for days, THIS SONG would be like cake topped with with crack if she added real drums. Even if it’s just right at the rest bar before the bridge.
everyone ASK HIM TO REACT TO BAD BUNNY DAKITI
WTF U LITERALLY PREDICTED THE WHOLE FREAKIN SONG
if i get to start songwriting i need this guy to be my producer omg, i mean he totally seems to know what the industry is all about and try to find the best way to make a song sound amazing to the listener
react please to wrong direction
I stan olivia honestly. The emotion, the production, the way that you're taken on an emotional journey in less than 5 minutes... Impeccable.   On a unrelated note can you please react to 5sos meet you there live album <3
Who’s here cause they thought he didn’t like the song in the thumbnail 😂
You look like Ethan dolan. It's like he's reacting to this. 🌺
i wish i could sing like this
Video actually starts at 1:46
Ok idk who I love more, the song or him
that little scream after the ooo’s in the bridge is her actually screaming when she was crying and going through a heartbreak in the car and listening to lorde and taylor swift and gracie abrams. she said in her live she found that it would make the song real so she recorded hersef and added it later
React to walked through hell by Anson Seabra
You know what? I hope Tay Tay, Lorde, Jack Antonoff, & Aaron will gonna helpe her to write her own Songs secretly (with fake credit names) oneday 🙏🙏🙏
some of the verses reminded me of billie's i love you
When the why don't we album the good times and the bad ones come out you should react to it
hes saying that its doing so well because of the melody and hooks and stuff but I dont think so . Literally when i heard it the first time I felt the hurt and the meanings in her voice and it’s just a real meaning behind it and it made me cry so many times
great video!
CAN I JUST PASS AND SAY YOU'RE HOT. U JUST EARNED MY SUB HAHAHAHAHA
I hope she has her own style in her next album. Right now she is just Taylor swift and lorde blended, but with mediocre vocals and writing skills and a forgettable name. She’s surviving off Taylor swift’s fan base and if she continues to copy Taylor they will turn on her soon... so it’s best she starts being mor original.  And ps: she is clearly talking about josh and Sabrina which is selfish as now they are getting mega hate
The lyrics are so deep
Please react to ( The Emancipation of Mimi ) Studio album by Mariah Carey. 🙌👍
Ungodly Hour is an album a lot of people slept in and that era was just perfect. Can you react to it?
on another note, you're looking good! ahhhhhh
React to Ungodly Hour by Chloé x Halle.
pls react to SB19's cover of Shallow by lady gaga and bradley💙
Ending the song in the calmer way makes it super repeatable. I think going big one more time and ending the song in epic fashion would probably be a more satisfying conclusion but I think people would be less like to feel the need to play it again. As it is, you can vibe to this song on a loop and lose the beginning and end of your not paying attention. Such a amazing song to start 2021 with. Great break down! Thanks man!
react to save your tears by weeknd plz
This song gives me chills its beautiful hxjaiai
Blake’s face in the bridge is all of our reactions
Hahah you are good man
hello. have u reacted to SB19? if not pls react to their "Go Up Dance practice". pls pls pls. by the way they are the first Filipino boy group (PPop) that were trained under a Korean Agency. They also write and choreograph their own songs and they got into Billboard Social 50. they've been to Top 2 last year next to BTS. thank u💙
Why could he predict everything that was ab to happen in the song....I’m shooketh
the verses are taylor and the bridge is SO lorde
Blake looked so happy when he found out that what he predicted was actually correct 5:42 lmao😂
Dan Nigro - Conan Gray's producer - produced this song which makes a ton of sense. He did wonders with her talent.
Heard this a million times and I can’t help but cry EVERY TIME during that POWERFUL bridge 🥺❤️
REACT TO ALL I WANT BY HER PLEASE YOU'RE GONNA LOVE IT
this isn't even a song to be honest. it's therapy. it's beautiful how much emotion & vulnerability she put into this song. she deserves all the recognition & love she's receiving from this song. & the fact that this is her debut single too & she's 17?? i'm so proud of her. this masterpiece deserves a grammy for soty, i don't care what anyone says.
Please please please react to FKJ live at Le Fée Electricité, Paris! You will absolutely love it. It is literal Heaven to your ears😭🤧
are you telling me you never heard this before you did this video?
You should react to Olivia Rodrigo & Joshua Bassett „just for a moment“
He's so happy and it's so adorable
she,s good in the studio but listen to real singer live floor jansen she can sing metal--pop--beat--jazz--opera growl--country try floor jansen shallow--alone--let it go all better than the original or with her band nightwish ghost love score --story time--ever dream wacken 2013 or acoustic how,s the heart planet rock
this was such a good video to watch it was just omg I love this video so much
how did he predict everything-
REACT TO FIFTH HARMONY
REACT TO LANA DEL REYYYYYYYYYYY - CHENTRAILS OVER THE COUNTRY CLUB
You should react to mxmtoon
This song is really a masterclass in doing the most with something that’s very minimalist! The bridge has a very Lorde vibe, and it sounds incredible!! I really wish the bridge had kept more of the subdivision alive through like a 16th note Moog line, or a few extra drum hits, or like a simple hi hat to help keep the momentum built in the prior chorus. It’s a small thing and it still sounds great, but I think that would set it off! 🙌🏽
I love this
You should react to Winona Oak
blake please please react to taylor swift's red album
Please Please Please react to my band PB&J's song "Scars"  or any other song off of our new album Freedom of the Unknown. It would mean the world to me. Love the vids!
haha i'm just loving it when blake predicts something, and we all know he is right, and then the moment comes when he realises he is right and it's just pure joy 🙈​ brilliant reaction as always :) love to watch you breaking down songs and i'm not even a musician but still :)
React to gimme love by joji
PLEASE REACT TO RUEL
He's right, there is a lot of room to expand the arrangement of this song. If it wasn't for pop music structure and length expectations, this could have easily been made in to a very worthwhile 6-7min song.  But then again, you always want to leave them wanting more and this structure accomplishes that. So you press replay again and again and again... Next thing you know, biggest song in the world.
great analysis...now please marry me
i feel like the way she ended the song tied into the meaning of it tho. i feel like shes a lyricist first and she wanted the song to feel like the experience she was writing it about. she never had a big satisfying climax in her relationship, it was a spark and build up and hopes and promises and then it died quiet. thats why i think the ending makes the whole song.
Can you react to Norman Fucking Rockwell by Lana Del Rey? :)
I feel like this is gonna be the new 'someone you loved'
You should prolly react to her "All I Want" music video now lol ❤
before we move too far into 2021, give Jessie Ware's album "What's Your Pleasure" a listen if you haven't already. 🔥
When you are a big SWIFTIE , it's obvious that your  song will be the best , I LOVE YOU FOR REACTING AND I LOVE YOU OLIVIA ❤️❤️❤️
it makes me happy seeing how excited you get hahaha
You talked about vocal layering... can you react to Mariah Carey - Fourth of July   https://youtu.be/mdSzwnArBpk
commenting so you can keep the shower running
this song has been on repeat and i haven’t heard a song do that in months
he should react to the video of Miley cyrus covering a song by the arctic monkeys.
I love that this song is giving us the Taylor swift vibe of letting us experience a break up with her
damn I am addicted to this song, genuinely one of the best debut singles I have heard in a long time. She reminds me of Lourde which is a huge compliment
You should react to Lana Del Rey! 🖤
Me 👁👄👁  How did he predict everything that was gonna happen
blake reminds me of forty from You😂😭😭😭
she had flawless runs and like everytime she repeats she emphasizes a different word
This is her debut yet she’s already so good. I can tell she’s going to be big
imagine if we all were like "omg please react to the cucaracha"
no but like actually pls work with her that would be amazing
why is no one talking about the way he predicted the ENTIRE song 👁👄👁
I’ve given it multiple listens... and yeah I’m not seeing or hearing what everyone else is. The bridge is great all around, it really is (so much lorde influence there). But other than that I’m not really getting what I’m supposed to be getting from everything before that. But I’m not gonna be bothered if this gets really popular because I definitely see Olivia evolving her sound and I see potential and I’m excited to hear more.
6:50 The night we met. Loved it
Love how you broke down why this song is so good. It makes sense as to why I’ve had it playing on repeat the past day and a half. Thank you for all that you do. I always appreciate your videos since I learn something new every time!
hey its not really a famous song but can you pls react to tried by sik world its a good song
guys, remember bizaardvark? been a fan since her debut debut debut
when he guessed what was gonna happen with the and the beat dropped i got chills by how excited he got hahaha
"You said forever"... 🤣  This chick just got her driver's license and is already believing promises about "forever".  You're just in high school girl, you won't even talk to any of your classmates after you graduate... stop being so dramatic.
Im not a fan of the tune😬 very much BASIC
REACT TO THE WEEKND NEW LIVE VIDEO
Just found you through looking up this song. Love your review!
Can you react to “slow down” by why dont we
this song hits so different with drum!! go look it up rn
can you react to joji?
was hoping for somewhat of a better transition to the bridge, rather than descending bass notes. Maybe a drum fill or a rocketman-esque guitar slide to lead into "red lights stop signs", but besides that, I really believe this song is flawless. The instrumental is simple but full, and her voice is incredibly haunting and mature for a 17-year-old.
Dollar store joe jonas (looks wise).....Im just gonna leave that right there
I need a reaction to yungbluds Weird Albumn !!!
Shes only 17 and wrote this song by herself shes incredible! Shes gonna be the next biggest star I just know it
This song is great. It reminds me of “I have questions” by Camila Cabello
React to Arcade by Duncan Laurence
i think a big part of why we all are so hooked on this song is bc we are so invested in joshua and olivias relationship so we REALLY feel her pain
This brought such a smile to my face! I’ve never seen your videos but the way you break things down and your enthusiasm is beautiful!
His face when the bridge came is literally me the first time the bridge came... make that every time the bridge comes. I've heard this song like a million times I love it so flippin much!!
i havent listened to the song until like 5 minutes ago and im literally sobbing so much its so good
i havent listened to the song until like 5 minutes ago and im literally sobbing so much its so good
Everything about her voice the story and the visuals is amazing not to mention it’s so relatable which has made me listen to this non-stop like I would play the 1 hour version all the time😭
Can you please react to all the big time rush album?
I think it’s written by her and Dan Nigel
ME CRYING AFTER LISTENING TO THE SONG FOR THE 50th TIME IN THE PAST 3 DAYS ME GETTING SO EMOTIONALLLL
THIS SONGGGG IS SOOOOO FUCKINGGGG GOOOODDDD
you should re-edit it to do one last hook maybeeeeeee????
She has a producer
Why haven't you reacted to Save Your Tears by The Weekend ???????  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XXYlFuWEuKI  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XXYlFuWEuKI  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XXYlFuWEuKI
Why haven't you reacted to Save Your Tears by The Weekend ???????  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XXYlFuWEuKI  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XXYlFuWEuKI  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XXYlFuWEuKI
Why haven't you reacted to Save Your Tears by The Weekend ???????  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XXYlFuWEuKI  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XXYlFuWEuKI  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XXYlFuWEuKI
She is the amalgam of billie eilish and taylor!billie's humming-vibrato and Taylor's storytelling ability in a single artist!oh man!she is just gonna blast like dynamite ❤
He literally predicted the whole song OMG
I love the secondary chorus man it’s beautiful 🥺
this gives me hope. i cant explain it but it does
Okay, but can you be my producer? 🤔
Hope you’re well! I posted a cover of this on my Instagram @sophieball_x and it would be amazing to get feedback and see what you could do!!
Who’s music have you produced in the past, just interested! X
5:39 yup i subscribed
Hiiii! I also covered this song! I tired my best lol! Please check it out
Honestly to every artist who dosnt created their own music *cough,cough dixie damilo * olivia can help you :)
I loved seeing you smile when that second chorus came that you predicted would come! so wholesome 🥺
FOR CONTEXT OLIVIAS 17 AND JOSHUA IS 20 AND HE SAID HE WOULD WAIT FOR HER BUT HE DIDNT AND HE STARTED DAYING SABRINA CARPENTER WHO IS 20 AKA THE OLDER BLOND GIRL AND JOSHUA TAUGHT OLIVIA HOW TO DRIVE AND “I STILL SEE YOUR FACE IN THE WHITE CARS” BC HE DROVE A WHITE CAR AND HE ALSO WROTE A SONG ABOUT HER BEFORE (YOU DIDNT MEAN WHAT YOU WROTE IN THAT SONG ABOUT ME)
He was so touched by this song🥺
I feel like she said at some point she said that Dan Nigro (her producer) wrote “the most beautiful bridge” but I might also be confusing that with something Taylor swift may have said in her folklore documentary lol
I love his review is about the song and the music! it's just so refreshing to see review like these and not just people vibing to the song and giving the end credits lol! subscribed already!
Do Wake up from Julie and the phantoms!!!
hey blake, could you please react to "2020 em uma música", by Inutilismo? I'd appreciate it a lot
Subscribed!
It's a good song but I think it's doing that good because of the drama behind it.
can u suggest songs that have secondary hooks like this? BTW i loveee you're reactions. I feel like i always notice some things musically but didn't notice before only listening.
We don't deserve her
She's a slayer, just as expected from a filipina girl.
I covered drivers license!! would love it if yall would check it out xxx
Such a good song
I Love the song but I think maybe she's making innecesary drama. He left you and went with another girl. Get over it, life goes on. You dont need him anyways, you are a queen.   And Sabrina didnt did anything, she's not a bad person.
5:40 this reaction made me the happiest today. <3 :)
THE RESOLVE RIGHT?
No way you predicted every thing when you paused every time
I felt like he didn’t really Pay attention to the lyrics but at least he liked it so ya
Love your insights so much!
*imagine writing a full original hearbreaking song at 17*
He’s already heard it so he’s pretending to react it for first time when he’s heard it before
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE react to conan gray!!!
The song is so relatable, I love it!!
Sir u r adorable
It’s the predicting the entire song for me 😂❤️
Hey. Please react to 'control' by ARMAAN MALIK.
THEY WAY I'VE BEEN LISTENING TO THESE SONG ON REPEAT SINCE SATURDAY MORNING
I got so much joy at you figuring out how the song would turn !
Ok but he literally predicted the song perfectly
I feel like the reason why she didn't have another book there at the end is bc it makes the listener want to listen again and again.
could you maybe do a reaction on Chen? He is a member of EXO but he realised some solo albums and i think you would like it. I would suggest you hear "Beautiful goodbye"
taylor raised her well
i cannot believe you haven't reacted to conan gray yet
REACT TO CONAN GRAY PLS
omg I loved this
to add more tears in the future, think about if high school musical have another series/movie
you can feel how broken she is and she really made this song from heart. Thats also part of why this song was really succesfull
I really want blake to react to corpse husband
You should react to Melanie Martinez album called “crybaby”
Please react to the Born to die  album by Lana del rey
Chemtrails over the Country Club!!!!
The song itself is amazing but the visuals ohhhmygod the second hook amzing amazing amazing
react to ruel's as long as you care, please 😃😃
The way Blake predicted the song... Gosh 👏👏
BLAKE PLEASE REACT TO GOT7 💚
Do you really like this song ??
i love knowing that the second chorus is coming and just being like “oh just wait, just wait until the second chorus. you’ll be blown away”
can you react to phoebe bridgers pls!!!
I wanna reach over & just move that single hair out of his eye so bad...
BLAKE!!! PLEASE REACT TO RED BY TAYLOR SWIFT!!! After hearing this, i am DYING to hear your reaction to All Too Well. Taylor is a huge influence of Olivia’s, and All Too Well is the older sister of breakup perfection to Driver’s License.
Mario Judah
Can you react to All I Want by Olivia Rodrigo and Just For A Moment also by her and the boy that Drivers License might be about
Please react to tickets to my downfall by machine gun Kelly!
Can you react to Wonho Losing You??it's an english song....I hope you can listen to it and give a few comments
Listen to Hwaa by GIDLE plss
i love her sm
you can really tell how he knows his stuff and how passionate he is!! I loved ittt
Sir, you’re so PRETTY
She’s not a child of anyone. She’s unique and original, let her be just her.
amazing, perfect, brilliant
💓💓
pls react to vibez by zayn malik :)
She’s an excellent writer. She’s too young to be so heartbroken. Ugh I wish older guys didn’t play with young girls hearts.
I don't even have a license but she made me feel it
Can you please react to Slow Down by Why Don't We!!! it is their new song :) and as you probably know their album is coming out on the 15th of January!  love your channel by the way :)
I LOVE HIS REACTION
react to i know the end by phoebe bridgers!!!
you should react to "no roots" by 5SOS from the bbc live lounge. it has really cool production and ashton sings a lot in it :) love your channel btw, i've been binging your videos all weekend
hey blake, a fun thing to do for the audience would be to offer a list of like 5 songs at the end of the vid that you'd recommend based on the current song
Please react to 2020 EM UMA MÚSICA from Inutilismo Channel
YUPP
If you want a good tempo change, react to West Coast by Lana Del Rey
Plis react to Carrie & Lowell by sufjan stevens
I’ve probably listened to this song over 200 times and I still get chills every time
THE FACT ITS HER DEBUT-
The influence of music from Taylor swift and lorde era created This boost of  RAW BRILLIANCE
5:49 you just described the song
Can you react to Liz Gillies and Seth McFarlane songs from home?
She could've gone bigger, true, but it might've lost some of its poignancy if it ended on a crescendo. This is a heartbroken crying jag in musical form, starting out with quiet tears, building to frame shaking sobs of pain and fury, then once that agony and energy is released, it dissipates, and you're just left with your heartache. That's why the song resonates the way it does, because it echoes the rhythm of this very human experience that most people experience in some way or another.
You should react to ricky montgomery he has a lot of really good songs
this is why you need to listen to Cabello's songs!!!
hello? please react to Camila Cabello album ROMANCE please!!!
React to yungblud please!!!! 🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤
driver's license bridge is the daughter of getaway car .
Unpopular opinion - I'm underwhelmed. Not with the artist, but with the song. I guess people have hyped it up so much that my expectations were very high.  I think it's a whiny song.
Fun fact: Olivia is a half-Filipino. The land of singers, no wonder her voice is so immaculate
You should do a reaction on one of ben platt's songs.
i love how u predicted what was gonna happen
You should react to Any of faouzia’s stripped songs .
You can tell she’s very inspired by Taylor Swift in her writing because she follows the same style
Please listen to Cleo Sol “why don’t you”
Has anyone told you you look like Deluca from Greys anatomy ?
i wish i could sing like to just express yourself that way is so different, I love dancing but I really want to learn how to sing
I LOVED SEEING HIM PREDICT IT AHH I STARTED CRYING
question for longtime Blake McLain fans:      does he *ever* pay attention to the lyrics?
If I ever actually make a good song I know who I’m hitting up😂
I’ve never heard of her before. This song is amazing and on repeat!
Please react to Hozier
She’s Taylor swift and lordes daughter
The way you predicted half of the song 😂😂
Please review one of Adele's albums!!!
the way she wrote these lyrics because of what she went thru...i still can’t believe she really did that. i didn’t realize how much he hurt her till i heard this wow
This is definitely song of the year for me.
U cute
Hey Blake you should react to willow smiths album called willow I really love it and think you might like it
there's no way i'm living in the same world as this girl. sorry for breathing your air <3
This is what happens when you grow up listening to Taylor Swift
REACT TO CHLOE X HALLE PLSSSS
REACT TO CHLOE X HALLE PLSSSS
REACT TO CHLOE X HALLE PLSSSS
REACT TO CHLOE X HALLE PLSSSS
REACT TO CHLOE X HALLE PLSSSS
YOU SHOULD REACT TO JULIE AND THE PHANTOM SONGS - ITS THE NETFLIX SHOW
Idk if you have already but I would really love if you reviewed drakes 2016 album VIEWS
This one is kind of different but could you listen to BROCKHAMPTON especially sugar or Sweet I really want to know what you think about the songs they are really good and they are all super talented ☺️ Or Julie and the phantoms preferably Wake Up, Bright, Flying Solo, Unsaid Emily Edge of Great, Finally Free, or Stand Tall
Yessss Blake is on TRENDING
so you gonna give us the bigger and better remix we need orrrrr.....
this song is so amazing I love you're reaction :)
is it weird that i literally feel like Taylor is singing in the second chorus?
PLEASE REACT TO LANA DEL REY - CHEMTRAILS OVER THE COUNTRY CLUB
This reaction was incredible! It made me cry of happiness when you were predicting the song and you were getting everything right!  This song is a MASTERPIECE!
👋👋 Would you please react to the Vamps Cherry Blossom album
React to 'Fear' by Seventeen!!!
Why does her song reminds me of uphoria when the red lights chorus goes of
she does have a producer btw
Try anything from Hamilton!?
I love how he is spot on about everything before it happens! Love this song so much
Hey Blake I have a song that I wrote that I’d like to share with you if possible
yaaaa.. this song is rly good but i just hate how it cld be so much better and it’s not. DONT HATE ME that’s just how i feel
Can you do slow down by why don’t we
my guyyyyy has a video trending dang bruh
If she made “I still Fn love you babe”  even bigger!!??! Would’ve been amazing
I think we ALL love drivers license.
Well reacted 👏🏻
Blake! You should react to the new Lana Del Rey songs. They are SO pretty!!
This man called everything before it happened
I love this song so much omg
I posted a piano cover for drivers license if you guys want to check it out 🥺🤍
I LOVE your reactions!!! She’s amazing! I’m looking forward for what’s she’s releasing after this amazing song!
WHY does he look like kevin jonas....anyway-
you should react to “se 2020 fosse uma música” by unitilismo. he nailed it and i know you would love  https://youtu.be/fLpCyU_SHRo
I felt so emotional about how happy and excited he got, like i love that people love their jobs that much. Do what makes you happy!
for me, she's like LORDE but with more belting range she adds some effects and the end of the song its like liability and ribs
And she is 17!!!! shes so amazing
Reaction videos are catnip for stupid people.
you should go check out the people adding some drums to the song on tik tok. ITS AWESOME
Awesome song, I'm also going nuts about it, BUT DAMN THIS VIDEO, I SUBBED DUDE YOU ARE A GENIUS
Could you react to any song or album of LP (the singer)?
how on earth did you predict everything so accurately
marry me.
Hi Blake  What if you take a country and lets say 3 artist and pick out a few track from each. I’m from Denmark so let’s say Lukas Graham - Christopher - Saveus  for example Pretty sure there will be many views from Denmark. They are all established in Denmark ... love to see that ... keep up the good work . If it is a success you could do Sweden and so on .. peace
You should react to Taylor Swift's new album Evermore!! You would love it!
It’s been awhile that an actual SONG made me cry.... INTERESTINGGGGGGGG
https://youtu.be/VSpgaN3wuag
YOU MADE IT ON TRENDING AHHHHH
Subtitles in Spanish please!
I think this song is so popular bc so many people feel that pain. And that one chorus is AMAZING
the talent is beyond crazy
i love much growth her style has had in the year between all i want and drivers license
IF someone compares her to dixie damelio i-
blake you should edit the song to how you would've produced it!!
Julia michaels anyone? So proud of u olivia!!!!
React to Slow Down by Why Don’t We!!
and she´s only 17 years old. im so proud of her. i love her and this song is soooo good its been on repeat since it came out
I’m so happy that she’s doing so well she desveres all the attention
request: can you please react to stray kids - back door?
i feel like the unadded things add to the meaning in the song. there was still so much they could do but it ended you know? fits kinda
Olivia and Grace is really deserved it
When this reaction is now trending more than the song XD
you should react to 'All I Want' by Olivia
Amazing. Perfect. Brilliant
can you do her other song called “all I want”
https://youtu.be/ejnwg3zGp9Y Hope you guys would really like this version of it
Hi there i know nobody will react to this comment but i have music out the youtube chanel is called Schwab Music i have a song called covid and i have wayyyy  more to come so if you could please check it out and Blake if you react to it i would diee anyway thank you
#25 on trending and as it deserves to be 👏🏽
I'm asking you to watch my video. I drew Spider-man! Rate it!
Literally 99% won’t see this but I lost my job due to covid. They shut down all the restaurants in Cook county which then led me to losing my apartment. I'm currently living out of my car which I try and make the best of. I've applied to a bunch of places I'm hoping to get a call back. if anyone could help me with whatever you could bc I'm needing stuff like hand warmers which I stuff my clothes at night when it's cold. Also cheap burgers/fastfood. I know times are tough for everyone these days but if you're able to help me I have paypal username pay2winlife  If you're unable to help I totally understand  God bless you stay safe🙏
to me this song structure itself feels like the stages of a breakup. she starts of small and broken and questioning their relationship and her worth, and the emotion swells, growing into anger. the second "you said forever" seems more scathing, he broke that promise. Then the hook comes and shes reminiscing on their relationship, an emotional buildup where she becomes less angry at him and more disappointed. then in the last chorus she deflates, the emotions wearing her out. she's questioning him, but isnt angry anymore. although it mirrors the beginning of the song, it feels as though she's gone through a journey.  it's hard to explain those emotions as theres so much to a breakup but thats what i got from listening to it a couple of times
Love her so much!! And how you predicted that man.......wow....❤❤
olivia wrote it herself, you can check her instagram video of it from july 2020. daniel nigro is the producer, and also co-wrote this song.
Can you do your reaction to Novo Amor Birthplace ?
i just love this song too i think im going to do a cover of it my way hehhe  ure rlly cool man  love you
Such a basic ass song
Please do all I want the instruments are insane in her songs♥️(Olivia Rodrigo)
sounds like lots of other songs to me ! nothing new . sorry i find it a bit boring .
Só musicas boas
dude this is the first video I’ve watched of yours and it is so amazing!
He's good
who ??
I still can't fathom that she wrote this herself.
no puedo parar de llorar
It’s funny cuz he doesn’t know the tea lmao
Queen
Can you react to a few of songs by Meghan Trainor on her album ‘Treat Myself’ and her single also called ‘Treat Myself’ please!!
Hi Blake! Could you react to some of Arctic Monkeys' Music? I would love to see your reaction to them!
🚨🚨This video was chosen by the Youtube algorithm.🚨🚨
Please please please! react to Sin Miedo (Del amor y otros demonios) an album by Kali Uchis, in my opinion a Master piece 💕💕💕
wow you got to #18 trending for this video. Your reaction blew up
This song just makes me want to scream! A good scream Lol
You should react to Saleka Mr.Incredible
* i always think of her voice like a violin... long billowy notes that she can hold both in her high and low registers :)  * kinda wished he reacted to her initial post of this too when she first wrote and posted it! it’s just as breathtaking as the studio version  * also wished he reacted to all i want bc girlie made points  * the music video in general is just amazing. the cinematography is insane how it all just collides together during each chorus and the bridge. so beautiful gahhh
If anyone is from tiktok this is better than anything Dixie will ever make lol
okay you’re smile is the most adorable thing i’ve ever seen
The fact that u guessed the song perfectly LMAOO
MR MAN HOW DID U PREDICT EVERY SINGLE THING THAT HAPPENED IN THIS SONG
i love how excited he gets, because same :,)
HAHAHA THis is so FUNYYYYYY🐙🐙🐙🐙🐙🐙🐙🐙🐙🐙🐙
the song is doing so well because it’s Olivia Rodrigo
React to Kesha high road
The way he made me love the song even more, because of the way he explained the song is so crazy, i was like " omg I know" or " omg I never heard " love this guy❤️
Please react to Justin Bieber’s Anyone and his Purpose and Journals album!
I loved his reaction!
I laugh with so much happiness every time I listen to this song
React to weeknd save your tears
you should react to the guy this songs about song his name is joshua basset and his song is called lies it’s dropping january 14th and he wrote it about her
PLEASE REACT TO LANA DEL REYS WEST COAST!!!
Olivia would be so happy of your reaction.
YOU ARE ON TRENDING!!
you should react to angela aguilar's version of la llorona!
ok but where is your shirt from Blake? need to know!
I was literally crying when i watched this music video.
Bro this song was sooo good that even tayler swift commented on one of her tweets like whatttttt she said “ so proud of “ something like that but that’s crazy sis need to do mor music cuz this song hit different
Wow you have a weird head
Cool tell me more
react to julie and the phantomsssss react to wake up and finally free and stand tall and edge of great
YOUR SMILE I CANNOT
You are on HOT?! Amazing!
Just way til she realeases 21st century girl or gross, she literly is so talented.
Damn I’m so happy for her. She’s a star
my naw dropped the first time I heard that bridge I mean damn
I’m just going to say this you’re smile is contagious 😂
On repeat so many times gives me goosebumps
this song gives me chills
am i trippen or does she have joshuas jacket on
this song is unbelievable its amazing
https://youtu.be/rBnuZLsun1s
https://youtu.be/Vp32XIgtFG8
i am so happy for her!!! everyone loves the song. words cannot even explain how happy i am that it’s doing well!!!!!
I’ve never heard of her until I heard this song. I love it!!!!
my spotify wrapped will either be driver’s license or good days
Her song is so relatable to young teens feeling and I can have this song on repeat all day long its so good to listen to
your camera quality is next level
FULL BODY CHILLS MAN
This song will carry 2021
This song is literally a fucking masterpiece I’ve been playing it on repeat
he literally predicted the whole song and loved every bit of it, pure joy
Can anyone recommend songs that have that secondary chorus bridge thing like how Olivia did in this song at 5:41 ?
Excuse me where is the zebra mug?
So glad you’re trending!!
it’s kind of a low budget song but you should react to kennedy walsh’s song she made with her brother
React to Julie and the Phantoms album
this guy knows what he is talking about
Can you please react to Witness by Katy Perry you'll love the production of the album! While you're at it you should react to her entire discography starting with one of the boys, a pop rock perfection
As soon as the bridge hit I knew she was a fan of Lorde and Taylor cause damnnn
can you please react to perfect harmony from julie and the phantoms
This is so amazing, it gives me chills
can you do a reaction to Charlie Puth's Album VoiceNotes? One of my favorite songs is Boy. It has a super nice piano solo as the bridge and such powerful lyrics that resonate so well with me.
When the beat drop I got goosebumps
Legit tingles listening to that beat drop I love this song
Lorde vibes at the bridge.
You should listen to Julie and the phantoms songs
https://youtu.be/w1Ld2SnUqWY
❤Drivers license and good days❤ on repeat👁👄👁✋
No one can give this song a bad review. It’s amazing
The fact that this was her debut. One if the most successful debuts I have been alive for.
#22 ON TRENDING YES MA’AM
You need to react to Conan Gray, preferably his whole album Kid Crow. PLEASE!
him being so happy at the secondary chorus gave me so much happiness, thank u for posting this type of content, it truly moves
Hey Blake Long time fan, found you because of your Robbers reaction, i was wondering if you could react to the first The 1975 album
when you were waiting for the second chorus i was like "oh, you wait" I WAS ON THE EDGE OF MY CHAIR
He’s so happy for the song and I love it😭❤️
You’re trending ❤️
She sounds so much like Lorde it’s incredible!!!
“For the Lord himself will come down from heaven, with a loud command, with the voice of the archangel and with the trumpet call of God, and the dead in Christ will rise first. After that, we who are still alive and are left will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air. And so we will be with the Lord forever. Therefore encourage one another with these words. Now, brothers and sisters, about times and dates we do not need to write to you, for you know very well that the day of the Lord will come like a thief in the night. While people are saying, “Peace and safety,” destruction will come on them suddenly, as labor pains on a pregnant woman, and they will not escape. But you, brothers and sisters, are not in darkness so that this day should surprise you like a thief. You are all children of the light and children of the day. We do not belong to the night or to the darkness. So then, let us not be like others, who are asleep, but let us be awake and sober. For those who sleep, sleep at night, and those who get drunk, get drunk at night. But since we belong to the day, let us be sober, putting on faith and love as a breastplate, and the hope of salvation as a helmet. For God did not appoint us to suffer wrath but to receive salvation through our Lord Jesus Christ. He died for us so that, whether we are awake or asleep, we may live together with him.” #LordJesusiscoming
Please react to why don’t we new songs Lotus Inn and Slow Down please they wrote and produced ALL BY THEMSELVES
Please react to her other song “all I want” I’d really like to see you talk about how she evolved!!
I can't wait for more songs from her! Definitely one of my new fav artists!
That whole bridge is a bible verse. Period.
I really like this song except i really wish she belted the last chorus at the end it would of perfected the song entirely
When you talked about songs building a few times you said they were some of your favorites. What others can you recommend like that?
A SONG THAT WILL BLOW YOUR MIND IS “Let It All Out” -COIN
I was shooked when she cursed I was like this ain’t disney
love this so much. ❤️
Currently crying to this song even though I have nothing to cry about💁🏽‍♀️🙃
I like the way it revolves. Heartbreak always builds but comes back to where it was to begin with. That hurt often feels unresolved. Like what do I do with this pain? I can build it, I can try to break it, but it ends where it began. It’s so well done 🙌  10/10
Blake please react to Lauren Jauregui- Expectation, her voice is amazing😍
Aye 🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌 TRENDING 🥳🥳🥳🥳
YESSSSS OLIVIA
5:24 youre so adorable pls
Is there a way you can react to Filipino singers? -Morisette Amon -KZ Tandingan -Katrina Velarde -Regine Velasquez  Just wondering. Anyway, love this reaction!❤️
Pls be my producer
please go gasoline by haim!!!
She sounds a lot like Faith Marie
Ahhhh I never vibed so hard to a song in so long
Can you also react to her song All I want :)
I got the song and this in my reccomend at the same time
I love how he just guesses everything that's gonna happen and then it happens and he's like yup 😂😂
It’s doing well, because of the ✨drama✨ behind it
I WAS WAITING FOR THIS
I love how his prediction were literally on point. Like how-
PLEASE REACT TO GOOD DAYS BY SZA!!!
does anyone know who produced the song?
See what happens when u're a talented swiftie 😍😭
Ur so underrated😭😭😭
Si quieres ganar cuentas premium gratis como: Deezer, Napster, Tidal, Scribd, Prime video, YouTube, Canva, HBO Go, Blim y otras 60 apps más, entra y participa en las dinámicas🤗Te esperamos❤️  https://www.facebook.com/groups/333175054481114/?ref=share  https://www.facebook.com/groups/1250217495326820/?ref=share  https://www.facebook.com/groups/668492426975496/  https://www.facebook.com/groups/1228225227208057/  https://www.facebook.com/groups/546568699602042/  https://www.facebook.com/groups/293705058538888/?ref=share
can you support my channel
Please tell me your going to react to the new Why Don’t We album when is comes out
so good, it looks like praying by kesha
Man got on the trending page
You should check out Ruel's songs. He's so talented and has amazing songs
Oh my god ur video is on trending now. Its because your really great at analyzing the song.
She kinda reminds me of Birdy... Amazing vocals and song!
Olivias voice is so beautiful
he looked so proud of her, love it
THIS SONG JUST HAS IT ALL OMG
Yo ur #13 trending on youtube
my favorite song atm!
Julie and the phantoms pleaseee
PLEASEEE react to Conan gray
Annndddd I’m back to watch this again
https://youtu.be/vIsCIVVQZDM
https://youtu.be/vIsCIVVQZDM
I WAS SO EXCITED FOR U TO LISTEN TO THE SECONDARY CHORUS,, I WAS SMILING LIKE AN IDOT WAITING FOR IT HAHAHHA
https://youtu.be/N-TRZZihVFo 🎵🎵🎵🎵🎵🎵
React to Julie and the phantoms
https://youtu.be/YgrYXiBtP7I
you look like a Jonas brother...... great video btw
You should react to Johnny Orlando
i feel like people don’t realize how talented she is, like they don’t appreciate this song as much as they should. olivia’s beyond amazing for her age, can’t wait to be front row when she goes on tour a few years from now
you need to react to the singer clairo and her album immunity pls !! <3
Yesssss
THE WAY U PREDICTED IT SO WELL U CALLED EVERYTHING I LOVED THAT
Hi K  cute boy
now u need to react to her song called all i want
React Romance by Camila Cabello plssss🥺❤️
The bridge is so good!!!!
I'm really glad this guy made this video lmao it makes so much sense
trending??? as u should
youre on tending dude omg congrats!!
Can you please do a Cat Stevens song? :)
Ahh love your reactions!!!
You should react to New Hope Club
Your excitement was everything! 💕
I posted a cover of this on my channel if you want to check it out 🥺
it’s crazy that he can predict what’s coming before he hears it
BLAKE YOURE ON TRENDING
this is trending!!
Could you please review Tyler, The Creator‘s album from 2019 called IGOR. I know it came out a year ago but I’ve never really seen any youtuber  do such a sophisticated review on it and I think that you could pull that off!
Cool videos
What he said makes so much sense and i know nothing about singing
wait this is higher on the trending list then the actual driver's license video lmaodjwjjw
You’re trending!! This vid is trending!
One doesn’t experience self-transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates🔻
Blake please listen and react to Keshas discography!! And Tove Los album Blue Lips :-)
This is the most important post you will ever read.  Every one of us has sinned against God. We’ve lied, we’ve stolen, we’ve sinned sexually, and we’ve taken His name in vain; which makes us liars, thieves, fornicators and blasphemers.. Yet this is only four of our many transgressions.  The problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good deeds because God is perfect in Holiness, meaning his standard is beyond our reach. He is also perfect in Justice, meaning, he will bring EVERY sin to light. The punishment for our sin is death, and Hell; a place of Eternal Fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth.  Fortunately God is also perfect in Love, so 2000 years ago, Jesus Christ left his throne in heaven and came to this earth. While here, he lived a perfectly righteous life, only to take the punishment that We deserved; Our sinless creator became Our sin, and endured a gruesome death on a cross for our sake.  Right before he died, he said ‘it is finished’.. meaning, the debt for our sins has been paid in full. And on the third day, he conquered death and rose from the grave. So now, we can go free from the wrath of God’s judgement not by earning it, but rather, as a free gift of grace ;  Except a gift can either be accepted or rejected..So this is what you must do in response;   Humbly admit to God that you have sinned against him, and through gratitude in the sacrifice of his son, repent (turn away) from your old way of life. Then, confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, your savior, and the ruler of your life from this moment forward (Romans 10:9) .  Do these things, and you will be saved.  If you do so sincerely, God will grant you a new heart which no longer finds comfort in sin. He will also grant you Eternal life in his presence; The greatest pleasure on earth doesn’t even come close to what God is preparing for believers in the afterlife.   You’ve been informed; Now the choice is yours. What you do with this information will determine where you spend ETERNITY, meaning, this is the single most critical decision you will EVER make; And all of us here, whether believer or atheist, know deep down that every last word here is true.  Jesus Christ awaits YOU this very moment; don’t even think about sleeping tonight until you surrender your life to him, because your tomorrow isn’t guaranteed.. And as it is written (Hebrews 9 : 27) ;  ‘It is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, THE JUDGMENT’.  All glory, honor and praise to Lord Jesus Christ.  https://www.amazon.com/dp/1432117742/ref=emc_b_5_mob_i
No hate but sounds like song has the same formula than every other pop song
I love the song but at the same time I want like a grunge punk version.
I stumbled on your channel a couple times before but never really stuck here.  But from this reaction you come across as a really cool and humble dude who knows what he is talking about musicwise but also feels and enjoys the music and doesnt just view it from a technical perspective. Earned a subsriber with this video and i hope your stayin this cool and relaxed.
ouuuu happy to see your video is trending!! 🤩🤩
baby taylor swift is doing great!!
this song made all of us forget about everything that is happening in the world right now
Coldplay released their 8th studio album Everyday Life in November 2019 and it'd be so cool if you reacted to it. It has very interesting elements and the band actually wrote one of the songs with the lead singer Chris Martin's 14 year old son.
please react to good days by sza!!
Shes amazing!!!! 😍
https://youtu.be/lkKLNwwAt7Y
I was LITELRY acceding and I don’t think I’m alive right now
Yo you’re on trending in YT US #15 congrats man!
she sounds so similar to alessia cara
🤸‍♀️😎🔥
A moment, you look very similar to BTS Taehyung in this style But not in shape   *-ARAB🇮🇶ARMY-*
you should react to Imagination & Misfit Kid by labrinth!!!
She is the child of Taylor Swift and Lord and that’s a big big fact
Please react to anti by Rihanna. It is not what you expect
YOU'RE TRENDING ON YOUTUBE  THAT'S THE POWER OF DRIVER'S LICENSE.  OH MY GOD YOU ARE TRENDING-
Wow, congrats on trending Blake!!
Please listen to her song “All I want”
You're Trending!
The bridge is sooooooo good
I had a feeling you were going to like this song, and I agreed with you up until the end when you said you hoped for another hook with a add in of guitars or real drums, I feel like that would only work live with adding in another hook to keep the song going if it was in concert. BUT as usual I watch your videos because we’re always in sync & I love your reactions, good video
The bridge is VERY Lorde vibes
this song is absolutely insane
yay congrats on trending!! :)
can you react to her short video on Instagram where it's part of a song called "gross" (not an official song)
i love this song so much omfg. it’s been on repeat forever
Just the raw emotion that Olivia sang with and how honest the lyrics were was beautiful. I imagine my first heart breaks sometimes and reflect when I was 17. But now being 24 I can see how she must be really going through it. It’s so relatable. I hope she knows she will get through this.
The Spongebob Apparition https://youtu.be/TAVDZzb4RpQ
omg i was here wayyy before blake blew up back in the 5sos days
Can you please do Still Have Me by Demi Lovato and I Love Me! I’ve been waiting for you to do these songs for so long!!! :)
You can tell this dude produced generic walmart music just by the backdrop lol.
Duuude ur trendingggg
Its doing well cause we know the “story”and she knows how to sing
i was so excited for this plsssss
am i tripping or does he look like joe jonas
me: *crying at the lyrics in the song* blake: *pauses* OMG IF SHE DOES-
The first song is so cutee <3
shes so talented.
Blake's excitement is the best thing ever to watch.
i been waiting for this one
I think I have watched every human being react to this song and no one had any thing bad to day about it because this song is just beautiful
please react to Dionysus by BTS live :(
Can anyone recommend me some songs that have this build/style of tension drop tension drop explode drop of song cause I love it so much
idk why but i teared up during the bridge, this song is so beautiful she snapped
Its amazing how much you know about this building music stuff.
man you’re so smart  hahahahhaha you know exactly what the singer is gonna do before she even does it  thats amazing!! thanks for sharing your knowledge with us
I am OBSESSED with this song.
Her vocals literally stole my soul and the way she wrote this is fantastic
OMGG BLAKE YOU’RE TRENDING!!!! YESSSIRR
The bridge sounds like CONAN GRAY.
Not everyone can say they were there since day one but i sure can 😂
John 3:16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. Romans 6:23 For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. Romans 10:9 That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. Amen... Repent and turn from sin! Obey God's sacred 10 Commandments! Time is running out!!
can you react to Evermore?
She gives me Lorde / Alesia cara vibes mixed together I’m obsessed 😩😩😩
I love how the input you give to the songs is so thoughtful and not just random stuff and the way you mention it in all the right places
Omg you are no the trending page!!!!!
i’m convinced r u the jonas’s long lost brother
Cute and Funny Cat Videos Compilation 2021 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zmt-M9MIoWY
I was thinking about this song and why sounded so right for me and then I found out it was produced by Dan Nigro. I absolutely love his work. He does an amazing job with Conan Gray.
For I delivered to you as of first importance what I also received: that Christ died for our sins in accordance with the Scriptures,  that he was buried, that he was raised on the third day in accordance with the Scriptures, 1 Corinthians 15:3-4   For we did not follow cleverly devised stories when we told you about the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ in power, but we were eyewitnesses of his majesty. 2 Peter 1:16   And we know that the Son of God has come, and has given us understanding so that we may know Him who is true; and we are in Him who is true, in His Son Jesus Christ. This is the true God and eternal life. 1 John 5:20   Fixing our eyes on Jesus, the pioneer and perfecter of faith. For the joy set before him he endured the cross, scorning its shame, and sat down at the right hand of the throne of God. Hebrews 12:2   If anyone acknowledges that Jesus is the Son of God, God lives in them and they in God. 1 John 4:15   In your relationships with one another, have the same mindset as Christ Jesus. Philippians 2:5   I give them eternal life, and they shall never perish; no one will snatch them out of my hand. My Father, who has given them to me, is greater than all; no one can snatch them out of my Father’s hand. I and the Father are one. John 10:28-30   Salvation is found in no one else, for there is no other name under heaven given to mankind by which we must be saved. Acts 4:12   But he was pierced for our transgressions, he was crushed for our iniquities; the punishment that brought us peace was on him, and by his wounds we are healed. Isaiah 53:5   This is how God showed his love among us: He sent his one and only Son into the world that we might live through him. 1 John 4:9   My command is this: Love each other as I have loved you. John 15:12   If you declare with your mouth, “Jesus is Lord,” and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved. Romans 10:9   But in your hearts revere Christ as Lord. Always be prepared to give an answer to everyone who asks you to give the reason for the hope that you have. But do this with gentleness and respect. 1 Peter 3:15   Let the peace of Christ rule in your hearts, since as members of one body you were called to peace. And be thankful. Colossians 3:15
I'm finding it funny how your video is trending and above the music video😂 but congrats!
BEEN WAITING FOR THIS ONE TURN IT UP
she sounds like Lorde
You need to react to Rosalia
Can you please listen to Chloe and Halle's Tiny desk concert or one of their songs.
Lana del rey is you ?
raised by Taylor Swift!!!
And she wrote the whole chorus herself!!! (Maybe the whole song but idk that for sure)
But like... Who’s this girl tho????
omg blakeeeee u did olivia
I don’t typically like songs like this or sad songs and I never really got obsessed with any of her songs before but I played it a few days ago and I instantly fell in love and now I’m obsessed man. Something about this song, this woman and the way she just made us feel a bit of what she felt. Shocking to me because typically I don’t listen to music like this unless I’m sad or in desperate need of letting my feelings out.
This song should be in HBO euphoria s2
Its just an okay song tbh. Nothing special Nothing! Idk why people doing reaction to it
olivia rodrigo has been in bizarrdvark and high shcool musical the musical the series, and probably a lot more, she also sang All i want.
React to Slow Down by Why Don`t We
I loved how his smile lit up and how excited he was when the bridge came up, because he guessed what was going to happen. Btw loved the reaction and just subscribed ☺️❤️
Jack atonoff PLEASE write and produce with Olivia
i’m so proud of her omg
this is a good song
Her song all i want is just- wow
this song make sen feel stuff that i shouldnt PQJKW
You should react to Wasteland, Baby (album) by Hozier
I have listened to this song more than 20 times today
React to Mind of mine full album by Zaynnn😍love uu❤
React to Rihanna’s Anti album, it’s such a great album so different from others, my personal favorite!! ❤️
Pls watch TPWK MV
She got adopted by Taylor Swift fans and the Directioners
Please make a video about Chloe x Halle
I love how excited Blake was before the secondary chorus hit
everyone in the comment are so amazed with mediocrity lmfao 💀
If anyone is wondering her producer is Dan Nigro he also produces Conan Gray’s music
I can’t stop watching people react to Her she is such a fucking queen
I miss my ex that i never had bc of this songggg
how is she the same age as me...what am i doing with my life
when ur friend KEEPs talking about her/his ex and even u start missing them ..
Fav song !! Does anyone know what genre that is ? Like songs that build up ?:)
can you react to the album positions by ariana grande?
Taylor Swift, like her or not, is a master in secondary choruses and build ups, "My tears ricochet" is a good example of that
Loved this so much. Olivia is real talented. Could you please react to James Arthur? He is another underrated artis!
please react to the driver era :))
maybe react to slow down by why dont we? :)
You should listen to her original one it is beautiful her voice is beautiful
can't wait for all the rodrighoes to fall in love with Blake McLain
can you please react to ruel?
''See ,  amazing , perfect , brillant'' hahahaha he is so good
Madison reyes has an AMAZING VOICE and shes only 16
pleaseeeeeee react to wake up by julie and the phantomsssss
A had so much fun watching you react to her amazing song
dont know if you've already done it, but i would love to see what you think about Cherry Blossom by The Vamsp
How you didn't make a reaction to #ANYONE by Justin Bieber😱  We waited!!
I really like the way you get so happy about the song.
MANS PREDICTED IT ALL
Definitely TAYLORSWIFT daughter and we are so proud of her also one day Taylor will be presenting Grammys for Olivia 💟
You should listen to All I want by Olivia!!!
theres one more song from olivia rodrigo its called "All i want"
This is by far my fav song of 2021
Please reaction Justine Bieber anyone
This man was literally predicting the song as he was listening to it 😂
Mans predicted the whole song and melody
Dude your tattoo looks great
I watch her in bizaarvark on disney and when i know that she sings, i will always be an absoloute big fan of her. Her song is just wonderful and so does the nextother songs she will make and i know it wi be be great.
I would love to see you react to Lennon Stella album "Three. Two. One." She has such an interesting vibe, angelic voice, and the production on her album is amazing! I think you'll like it :)
the "guess you didn't mean what you wrote in that song about me" and the BRIDGE?! i haven't felt this way about a song since "all too well"
It makes me so happy to see him so happy about how good her song is
this is just you being fortune teller for 9 minutes
SHE MADE ME FEEL THE PAIN EVEN THO I NEVER ACTUALLY FELT IT- YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
Blake : See? Huh....(when the second chorus hit) Me : Blake I never not trusted you:')
the bridge of it kinda sounds like the bridge in conan gray’s “maniac” maybe that’s where she got inspiration from?
I am so proud of her- she deserves it!
I feel so bad for her. But also has anyone else noticed that Sabrina and her ex broke up around the time all this started AND he posted this song on his story ??? I just think it’s funny that they both could tell something was happening between Joshua and Sabrina.
I feel like he’d be the kind of person who tries  to predict the whole movie before you’ve seen it
React to fka twigs please 😩
First video that I’ve seen of yours AND I LOVE YOU! Subscribed :)))
Gives me the chills every time
i’ll be back when she’s gets huge and releases and album or sum , so we can all experience her growth and the begging of what i see as an astronomical career
reacciona julie and the phantoms please
Hiii yes I am so beyond interested in working with you! I’m a singer, I just DM’d you on Instagram. need a producer👍🏼☺️
Olivia saving 2021. She has this Lorde or Birdy vibe which we all need... so talented. 💕🥺❣️❣️❣️
for Blake: she’s a disney star  and a lot of fans has a lot of theorys that olivias songs about olivias co star Joshua basset thats why its been blowing up
Hiiii !! Can you do a reaction to Coldplay's new album Everyday Life? Or their song Church? 🥺🙏🏻🙏🏻
5:38 idk why I love when he is right haha he “reads” music so well
Blake! Please check out the songs in Julie and the phantoms! They're amazing 👌🏼
OMG BLAKE CAN YOU REACT TO RIHANNAS ANTI ALBUM
Olivia plays the lead in High School Musical: The Musical: The Series
Bro react to ANYONE by JB please 🔥
UR REACTION TO THE SECONDARY CHORUS IS SO WHOLESOME OMGGGG
react to all i want
can you react to home by one direction?
can you react to my dear melancholy by the weeknd?
oh to be so young and so talented
ok but the joy on blake's face when the secondary chorus hits.
It has one of the best bridge's in modern music. It's incredible. What a great song.
You should listen to her song “all I want” or “wondering”
I think the lyrics are beautiful and it tells a nice story about her relationship.
I liked you and your channel a lot. I hope you can react (or just listen) Women in music pt III by Haim and Ultraviolence (or norman f Rockwell) by Lana del Rey Have a nice day 🥰
I CRIED while listening to this and i have nothing to cry about this. I just listened to the lyrics and the sound of her voice and im balling😭
never clicked on something this fast before
THIS SONG BROKE ME
I love how excited you get over talking about songs!!!
Review positions album by ariana grande
Can u react to anyone by Justin Bieber pls!!! I think u would rlly like his new song! Love your vids btw
artist and songs like these is definitely my type of music, not some crappy meaningless songs
You should react to Pressure Me by SIGH GIRL!!
I'm here for his shirt prints n that's it ❤️
If you love your children and pets then unplug your router NOW.
I can’t explain how inlove I been with this song
you should watch the whole back story on this song. she wrote it herself which is why it’s such a raw emotion.
Can u react to Julie and the phantoms songs!!!!
bruh i need to get off my phone i watched 17 videos of ppl reacting to this song 😭
Please react to Anyone by Justin Bieber!!!
New ink my dude?
lmao lmao lmao let me sing for u so u can produce a song for me. i can sing ish i just want to make a song so bad. i literally wrote a whole song today i just don’t know how to like ~ make~ it a song??
PLEEEEASE REACT TO "BRITNEY SPEARS GLORY" DELUXE EDITION ÁLBUM. ❤️
She just is the first artist to simultaneously rank at #1 on the US iTunes and US Apple Music singles charts this year. And this is just her debut I can say she’ll be big in the future.
5:41 - 5:52 This is ME when Olivia does absolutely anything!!! Pure talent, Right there.
Can u react to 'DISCO' by Kylie Minogue and 'In a Dream' by Troye Sivan? :((((
Make your own version! I want to hear it! It sounds so good!
She’s amazing isn’t she!!!❤️
I get chills every time I hear this
It is believed that the song is about Joshua Bassett, her High School Musical: The Musical: The Series’ co-star and love interest. Many speculate they dated, though not confirmed. Bassett wrote a song that is allegedly about Rodrigo. It is either Common Sense or Anyone Else that is about Rodrigo. In the Anyone Else music video he has friend filming with him, as a love interest, but it is believed to be Sabrina Carpenter. The “blond girl” who is “much older than [Rodrigo].” It is an apparent love triangle that is why fans are raving about this song not only being AMAZING and that Olivia is ONLY 17, but that is so openly personal. Plus her Jean jacket with Sherpa lining pays homage to Bassett wearing it as Ricky in HSMTMTS.
OMG SHE'S A QUEEN!!!
ok but ur reaction to the brigie made me smile so hard lol
Can you react to James arthur’s album Back from the edge:)) its sooo good hes so underrated!!
wish u could react to bts's mixtapes, they're very personal and different from their usual songs (mono is a masterpiece)
Why it’s doing so well 1: AWESOME SONG 2: the TEA
YAAAAAS 🤌
Blake gave the exact reaction that we all had to that part of the song 3:41 .... except possibly with a lot less tears 👀😅❤️
she had me crying at this time last year and again this year✋
Please do slow down from why don’t we
I like how it didn't go crazy at the end cause it was a song she wrote acoustically and acoustic is sorta her style since she posts snippets of her songs on Instagram and I think it fit really well.
Can you react to James Arthur-Fall
I didn’t expect a bop from her but this song is on repeatttt
A whole masterpiece I literally can’t stop playing it
what happend to your positions album reaction? will you upload it again?
Can you try doing some anime op's and eds?
She’s only 17! She’s amazing
SHE ACTUALLY WROTE THE WHOLW THING
She wrote this song herself and the lyrics are actually true. It’s said to be inspired by her speculated relationship with costar Joshua Bassett. He actually taught her how to drive on set. She was 17 and he was 19, he made a song saying he would wait for forever (since she was a minor). Then all of a sudden he started dating Sabrina Carpenter (the blonde girl), leaving her heartbroken
This song is sooo full of emotion because of the story behind it.  She’s a Disney actress who basically was in a relationship with her costar and then they broke things off and he immediately moved on and got together with another actress with blond hair who is 21 (the blond girl, who is so much older) He also wrote a song about her before they split, but the song didn’t release until after they broke up, and none of their castmates showed support for him due to what he did to her, but now that her song is out, they all are supporting her, and he even told her congratulations and how much of an amazing song it is.
wow its so nice to hear exactly why i love songs that are structured like this
react to "good days" by sza!
you should react to All I want by her it was her first song that blew up!!
react to chloe x halle !!!
your smile is so wholesome
Drivers Liscense by Olivia Rodrigo is produced by the same guy, Dan Nigro, that Conan Gray's album Kid Krow is. Kid Krow is really REALLY good. You chould check it out :)
I love seeing the reactions to her bridge!! 💜💜🥰👀
The moment I saw this, I couldn't wait for him to hear the bridge. For me it's the best part. :)
So many people relate to this song it’s insane
Hey! i love your album reactions and i really think you'd like Chloe and Halle's album called Ungodly Hour bc it has great production!!
i’ve listened to this song 70 times in the last fay
This song hit me right in my feeling bone 😭😭
I feel like her resolving it back to how it started was on purpose almost like it’s “unfinished” or even after all that emotion she still feels this way and will continue and she’s aware of that... or she just wanted to cut it short and i’m reading into it lol🤣
I'm pretty sure she wrote the lyrics herself but her producer was dan nigro who also produced maniac by Conan gray :)
It has this dark theme and color to it bc it’s supposed to be a break up song but I’m glad you loved it! And she writes her own songs all the time
I LOVE THIS SONG SO MUCH OH MY GOD 😭😭 you should also react to ricky montgomery’s line without a hook
I’ve taken choir for four years I have kind of a voice but I don’t know how to hit the right notes or find my voice I wish I could get help and start singing because singing is my passion
Pls react to Hot Pink by Doja cat
PLEASE I BEG YOU YO REACT TO EVERMORE BY TAYLOR SWIFT 😭😭
and shes 17! shes so talented
Yessss
5:46, me too
all my favorites youtubers and others loving olivia, as they should!
THANK YOU FOR REACTING TO IT! and yeah, um i haven’t had a song on repeat like this in so long
This song is so amazing
I think you should react to the Julie and the Phantoms album because all the songs are really good and I think you’d really like it !!
She’s a HUGE Taylor Swift fan lol
This song is soo beautiful❤️
BLAKE I DONT KNOW YOU BUT I LOVE YOU ALREADY
He predicted the bridge, but never disappointed :D
Just me didn’t like the song? Boring
react to my everything by ariana grande 😏😏
You should react to you broke me first by Tate McRae
I listen to this song on REPEAT
It’s also so popular bc it’s actually about her ex who she acted with, he taught her how to drive and wrote songs about her saying they weren’t perfect but he would wait for her forever. nobody knows what happened tho bc all of a sudden they broke up and he moved on quickly to Sabrina carpenter (The blonde girl) and the cast hyped up her song but not joshuas so ppl suspect he cheated or something
Me watching how he knows everything what is going to happen in the song before listening to it
EVERYONE IS TALKING ABOUT A BRIDGE I KEEP WATCHING IT AND NO BRIDGE AIRJFVIRGVM🤚🏻🤚🏻🤚🏻🤚🏻
What happened to your reaction video to the Positions album? One of my favorite videos but I can’t find it anymore!
React to Good Days by Sza!
IN LOVE WITH EVERYTHING! Her voice, her story, the production of this video.. just WOW.
i’m so impressed how he predicted the song wowow
Can you react to Zayn’s top 14 high notes or just in general his mv’s
HEAR ME OUT! BLAKE DO YOUR VERSION OF THIS SONG- IT WOULD BE FUCKING INCREDIBLE
It’s makes me so happy to see how much you appreciate the song cause you can tell how hard she worked for it
PLEASE react to Jazmine Sullivan her Tiny Desk will rock your world
if only he knew the tea behind this song
I love your videos !!!!!
how many times i am gonna to beg you to react to the queen: LANA DEL REYYYY?   god!!
You should definitely react to "High School Musical: The Musical: The Series" soundtrack. PLEASE. And Julie And The Phantoms soundtrack too please
Don’t forget to react to Slow Down why don’t we❤️
it's her debut single since all of her other songs were from her disney+ show but she wrote "all i want" for her character on the show and did a video for that as well. she is 111% going to be BIG
listen to good days by sza!!
PLEASE react to Sza or Lana Del Rey!!!!
SEE WHAT HAPPENS WHEN MISS TAYLOR SWIFT IS YOUR INSPIRATION!!!  i love it
The meager is so sad😢🥺😔😭
you should check out Ashe’s music, she did a song last year with Niall but the rest of her stuff is really good too.
This song blew my mind. She’s only 17 years old and wrote like this?? Absolutely crazy. She is fantastic and she will be a star
How’d you know what she was gonna do ahh😭😭
fun fact, she actually wrote the entire song, and she writes a ton of other music too !! one of the most talented people i've ever seen.
React to Sabrina Carpenter
She’s a Disney+ actor and 17 year old singer, she wrote thing song herself, it’s rumored to be about her co star, they used to be together but not officially and moved on right after they broke things off, his girlfriend is blond and 21 years old, he is also a song writer and came out with a song rumored to be about her which is why she says “you didn’t mean what you wrote in that song about me” every reaction I see they say “it seems so real” , It Is.
This song gives me lorde melodrama vibes and I love it
she is so underrated omg
Have you listened to Kesha’s latest album High Road? I highly recommend it
u should react to Wake Up by madison reyes!!! or any of the other songs from Julie And The Phantoms!
Not gonna lie, I was hoping for it but not expecting it.. thank you for this one!! Xx
Hey Blake, IDK if you'll see this (I'm gonna comment it a lot), but there is a band called Mother Mother, and if you don't know them, they are an absolutely AMAZING alt band. I'm obviously a big 1D/solos fan, but this band is SO GOOD OMG. Please listen to them you won't regret it
Hey Blake! I would love for you to react to `BE´, which is the latest album of BTS! I think you would like it :)
Ngl she has a Taylor swift style into her music which I love but she makes it her own which is fucking awesome
He looks like Blaine from Glee
1:57 there was nothing in that cup😂😂
Literally the best song i've ever heard
Your reaction and prediction of the chorus was spot on!
now i know there’s nothing in that cup
I like her song but the lyrics are kinda cheesy not gonna lie.. I mean she’s only 17 how could she have even been in LOVE with someone that much.. idk it’s just a little bit cringe but I do like the song  And I feel like everyone loves her because her lyrics are so deep and “relatable” and maybe I’m just salty because I’ve never been in a relationship but it’s just so serious and I’m just imagining all these 13 year olds crying to her songs after they broke up with their boyfriend lol
He looks like the fourth jonas brother
Listen to her song “All I want”. She’s so underrated.
React to all I want by her please
React to BTS- Live Yourself: Answer
React to Blackpink- The Album
I personally really like that she didn’t add all of the big instruments and sounds in the end because I think it fits better with the lyrics and vibe of the song. The song itself is about a relationship that ended suddenly and before she was ready, and I think that this ending reflects that. If there would have been more drums or guitar or belting, it would’ve been too much closure for the song, given that it is a mirror to the story of the relationship.
i love how excited you get for each new part. this song is stunning and it’s amazing
when taylor swift posted her singing cruel summer and then she created this song, i have a new favorite artist, even tho taylor my number 1
you should react to CTRL by SZA PLSS
I’ve never clicked so fast
She killed it ! the lyrics her freaking voice no no words for this talented girl
Which other songs have that secondary chorus? It's such an element that I have really come to enjoy since hearing this song and would LOVE to hear other songs that have it!
Please shoot a video about Dimash Kudaibergen
she wrote the song herself, which is mind blowing. and dan nigro produced it! he worked with conan gray on kid krow. and olivia is gonna release a whole EP soon, which is so exciting🥳
She’ll be the new billie eilish
The fact that I heard this song at 4 this morning and have replayed it about 30 times is s problem
I feel like if she added more to the song it would be overwhelming. I really love this!
react to Julie and the phantoms!
I got chills
This song will continue to give me chills I'm obsessed with it.
Um who allowed this song to take over my life Imeaninotcomplaining
the bridge gives me Lorde vibes ughh🔥
react to the free time ep by ruel
You know your stuff, and Olivia knows how to pull alllll the heartstrings - perfect combination 🙌🏻
the way i literally SCREAM when i saw that you posted
she’s gonna be a big artist
React to Justin bieber anyone please
She wrote it by her self in two sittings is what she said.
I love Olivia, and i love your work!
The theme is similar to Forever and Always by TS
please react to cherry blossom by the vampss
Drivers licence>>>all I want
ITS SO GOOD IT LITERALLY HASNT STOPPED PLAYING
this might be controversial but i didnt get the hype for this song. i generally love teen pop but this sounds was overall just generic pop with generic lyrics. she didn't even write the whole song by herself but with a songwriter and used an overused chord progression. the song is good but not as amazing as everyone's making it out to be...
she writes all her lyrics herself! you should check out this playlist on youtube that has her performing all of her originals they’re so beautiful. I think you would like “exception”.
she’s so talented it’s insane !!!
The bridge sounds like a Lorde song and Im obsessed
DO JULIE AND THE PHANTOMS
Why I feeling like i'm listening to billie eilish.
her voice to me is a mix of Sigrid and Maria Mena and I'm lovin!
Wait were you serious about being a producer?
I've been listening to this song for a whole day, hysterically crying and now i have a massive headache... so yeah.... this song will make you emotional..
Loved this video, you have to react to RUEL- free time album
you said we would fill the comments so just real quick. She posted the firt min on instagram in like august or something, just her and the piano. She'd just written it. The next day she had a session booked in the studio, she went in and said 'i know we're working on something else right now but i think i wrote the best song i've ever written' and she played it for her producer and they were like 'this is the song, we're doing this now' and yeah thats how it happened
And it's her debut! I'm amazed 😍
You should listen to all I want from her
Ive not looped a song like this in years
Can you react to Fallin by Why Don’t We
do sex tapes by Fletcher and cheap queen by king princess
YESSS! I requested this I'm so happy Olivia is a huge Taylor Swift and Lorde fan and you can see that in her music. And it's amazing because she's like in the top 3 on the iTunes chart and the firsts two places are Taylor's so it's so cool 🥺
i LOVEEEE this song. and i was so happy watching your reaction when you predicted that secondary piece near the end. i cannot get enough
That cool bridge reminds me of Taylor's amazing brilliant bridges and I know Olivia is such a big swiftie  Also your tattoo looks awesome!!!
i was waiting for this one!!!
i love how he pauses the video whenever he talks.
React to why dont we - slow down
YES its her debut song, and she wrote it herself plus the whole meaning behind it is so beautiful but sad. she’s definitely gonna be huge one day
someone please take my phone away. i cannot stop watching people reacting to this one song, her voice is so fucking powerful istg
"Amazing. Perfect. Brilliant." --Blake McLain (2020)
ok so if you need a backstory about the song:  olivia was in love with joshua bassette who is her co-star and he loved her back, but he was 3 years older, so it was illegal for them to be together. he eventually started dating sabrina carpenter, who is blonde and a bit older like olivia described in the video, even though he promised her he would wait for her to turn 18.
The fact that she’s only 17 and wrote the song on her own is mind blowing
REACT TO CRYBABY ALBUM MELANIE MARTINEZ!
I love your reactions
Dude Taylor Swift raised her well
U should react to Baby or Selfish by Madison beer 👀
The way that he says rodrigo jajajajajaja love ya
THE EMOTION IN HER VOICE
THIS SONG HAS TAKEN OVER MY LIFE
please react to ruel!
I love hearing things I haven't heard watching your videos hahaha it makes me appreciate songs more
Literally was dying when I heard this song 😭
Please react to mxmtoon, her music is so so so good!!!!!!!
it’s the way that u guess everything that happened
i have a new favourite bridge, sorry brookly and manhattan
literally one of the best songs I've ever heard
He literally does everything we ask for. We stan blakeee
Dude. Ur amazing at analyzing and you just earned my respect and a sub.
I mean Olivia has said many times and made it obvious how much she looks up to Taylor Swift, so I’m not surprised with the songwriting and talent~
she's a taylor swift and lorde fan tho, makes sense why she's so talented, specially in the lyrical content.
omg yess she's amazing
can't wait for her to release more songs, because this is a masterpiece, and it can only get better
I WAS WAITING FOR THIS
Please react to “perfect harmony” by Madison Reyes and Charlie Gillespie or “wake up” by Madison Reyes, they are so good
I WAS ABOUT TO ASK YOU TO DO THIS BAHAAHAGAHHSGS
I HAVE NEVER BEEN SO EXCITED FOR A VIDEO BLAKEE WTFF I NEVER EXPECTED THIS BUT THANK YOUUUU!! You made my nighttt! Ilyy
PLEASE React to Ben Platt!!!
You should react to IDEA by TAEMIN, one of the best songs i’ve ever heard.
olivia is the love child of taylor and lorde
THAT BRIDGE✨
Olivia Rodrigo is so talented, and I'm thrilled that you reacted to this! It's actually her debut single!!
everyone go stream drivers license NOW
the way you predicted the entire song i-
React ajay best songs from 2020
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR THE VIDEO ❤️🙏🏼🥰 This is the attention she needs. It's fcking AMAZING 🥺 I haven't stopped crying since yesterday 😭😭😭
You should definitely listen to her most popular song “All I Want”
when she goes into the second bridge and then drops into another one....UGH its everything
You should react to faouzia Elon from stripped concert it's amazing!
I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS ONE
An underrated artist who deserves some appreciation is Alec Benjamin. It would literally make me the happiest person in earth if you reacted to his music.🥺
I don't if I'm crazy or not but I can hear some of Taylor in their sometimes.  What do you think?  Just the way she sounds sometimes.
REACT TO ALL I WANT, it’s also by her!! She wrote it herself for her tv show(High school musical the musical the series)
Omg I’ve been waiting for this ever since it came out
She actually wrote this song herself, and it's mostly given since you can hear the raw emotion and connection she has when singing the song. Queen snapped.
this song is so incredible and it’s only her debut she’s absolutely insane
Hey react to Katy Perry's W I T N E S S , incredible production!!!
It would be ABSOLUTELY amazing if you two worked together, hopefully she sees this video!!
Please react to prettymuch
I just knew her from the high school musical series ( excuse me if that’s not the right title ) even through I haven‘t watched it yet I still liked her song „All I want“ and I really liked it so when this song came out I was like okay I‘m pretty sure this one is going to be good as well and I was right, it also has her own style in it even more which I really like.
react to carly rae jepsen please!
It's gonna be hard to follow up this debut single
and the fact that this is her debut single makes me wonder HOW GOOD her album will be.
The audacity men have 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
glad i clicked on this video :)
The first version that she wrote is in her Instagram! She wrote and people liked it so she made it even better
Wow, this was the best reaction i've seen so far. He provides constructive criticism and is informative, and doesn't over exaggerate/ fangirl like every other YouTuber
YES!!!! omg I'm beyond happy you reacted to her!!
she wrote the song herself but her  producer is Dan Nigro
Yes, it is doing  so good cause its such a good song like litterally  amazing, bjt also cause this girl is incredible
YESSSSS im so glad you reacted to her song!! shes crazy talented, pls keep reacting to her stuff !!
The whole song gives me Taylor Swift vibes, but the bridge/secondary chorus is very Lorde
Daniel Nigro was a producer and co-writer of the song! Even though she wrote it herself and then came to him! He probably just helped it to expand.
This song is about her co-star Joshua Bassett. Rumored that they secretly dated while filming their show. He actually taught her how to drive for her to get her drivers license. The suspicion of their relationship ended started in early 2020. In summer 2020 Joshua was spotted with, singer/songwriter and actress, Sabrina Carpenter. Rumors say that Joshua dumped Olivia for Sabrina since Olivia was and still is underage. Olivia posted a snippet of the song on Instagram back in 2020 as she was still working on it. The original lyrics were “brunette girl” instead of “blonde girl” before she eventually changed it to fit the story. So that’s what the song is probably about.
blake please do a laudy daudy reaction NO ONES EVER DONE THAT AND THAT SONG IS SO UNDERRATED
read to madison reyesss wake up
She's such a good person as well! Hope the success carries on.
masterpiece
i havent even started gotten to the reaction part but im so excited for you to listen. youre gonna LOVE it.
If you know who she wrote it about it hits so much more
this is her first debut song. the others are from the soundtrack of a show shes acting for. her EP is coming soon and im so excited. you can find bits of her unreleased original songs on her instagram if youd like to check it out she is amazing.
She is 17, composed and wrote this song, but she did not produce this and I don't think she had a real producer.
Is it just me or does this song have a similar vibe to Castle on Hill (I’m not saying it’s melodically similar or something)
I can't wait why don't we release album
I feel the songwriting influence is Taylor swift but it sounds SO MUCH like lorde,especially the bridge.I was just now watching another reaction video and i was going to comment on one of your videos saying that you should react to it and then i just saw this on recommended. so happy that you've reacted to it!
Wow you are my favorite music reaction person 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽 this was so fast!
Are you gonna react to more why don't we?
AYE I WAS WAITING FOR THIS
the song arrangement is so Taylor. love this sm!!!
Reminiscent of Julia Michaels...so good
the fact that she went to through this...amazing
THIS IS AMAZING
THANK GOSH! I requested this on the patreon. so glad you're doing it. She is so beyond talented and the MV is 100/10!! The next taylor swift in my opinion. She's insane
please, react to “talk about love” by Zara Larsson !
And her biggest inspo is Taylor Swift, and the formula of this song really screams Taylor. Olivia knows the way as she shouldDDD.
yay i'm so happy you reacted this!! such an amazing song and she's gonna go so far
hey Blake, i watch your album reactions on YouTube and i had some albums that i thought you should react to: 1. Don’t Smile At Me - Billie Eilish 2. Moral Panic - Nothing But Thieves 3. Broken Machine (Deluxe) - Nothing But Thieves 4. Pony - Rex Orange County 5. Blood Harmony - Finneas 6. H.E.R. - H.E.R. 7 ANTI - Rihanna  i hope you love these albums, and that you’re gonna react to them!
YES I WAS WAITING FOR THIS ONE!!!
AND THE FACT THAT THIS IS HER DEBUT
The second I heard this song I wanted you to react to this
You have to react to currents by tame impala, I was kinda shocked you hadn’t done it already cause of how incredible it is
I recommend listening to this album. Pheobie Bridgers - Punisher album. https://youtu.be/934qT53iK6U
you are so fast
OH MY GOD THE WAY I WANTED YOU TO REACT TO THIS
Please react to Niall's unreleased song So long. He did a live version with Rte orchestra!
the fact that she’s only 17 it’s crazy
i’ve been waiting for this one turn it up!
YES
I WAS WAITING FOR THISS
YESSSSSS I LOVE IT
He is like dylan from dylan is in trouble...but blake is the music version
React to "2020em uma música" in english is "2020 in one song" it's pretty cool this brazilian guy did a mashup from famous songs from last year, his channel it's called "Inutilismo"
THE BRIDGE IS AMAZING
I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS FOR A LONG DAY NOW
your smile when u were right about the secondary chorus i CSNT-
Yes! Was waiting for your reaction!
FUCK YES YESYEYYSYSYAYA
OMG I’VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS YESSS
are u gonna react to slow down by why dont we
This seems like a lorde/Jack sort of thing
Yes! I waiting!!
Olivia Rodrigo is famous for her role in High School Musical: The Musical: The Series. She has an amazing beautiful voice and is so freaking talented, especially for such a young age. Like, she did co-wrote a few songs for the show (she also wrote All I Want, from the same show, all by herself) but this is something else.  I actually had no idea she released her first song until yesterday. And I'm so happy it is doing great, she deserves it.
Please react to flames by MOD SUN ft Avril Lavigne
I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS ONE 🥺👏🤍
This what I wanna see!
i haven’t had a song on repeat like this in a longgg time
BLAKE WHAT HAPPENED TO THE ZEBRA MUG??
do you think about making a reaction from the blackpink album?
this song is so good
notes on a conditional form by the 1975
i clicked so fast. you should react to her other songs like gross, naive girl, white flowers, and also all i want that she did for show
Can you plz react to heaven and hell album by ava max
Can you plz react to heaven and hell album by ava max
Can you plz react to heaven and hell album by ava max
The bridge of this is a literal masterpiece and is what everyone is talking about I was so excited for you to hear it
Can you plz react to heaven and hell album by ava max
Can you plz react to heaven and hell album by ava max
Can you plz react to heaven and hell album by ava max
Can you plz react to heaven and hell album by ava max
Blake appreciated Olivia is everything I needed!
Can you plz react to heaven and hell album by ava max
Can you plz react to heaven and hell album by ava max
Can you plz react to heaven and hell album by ava max
Can you plz react to heaven and hell album by ava max
Can you plz react to heaven and hell album by ava max
I'm ✨obsessed✨with this song 💖
ahhhh yes this is her debut
REACT TO BTS "RUN MV" (one of the best BTS song in my opinion, the MV is quite confusing tho, since it's part of a long storyline but the song is so good, the ballad version of RUN is my fave but it doesn't have a MV) Thank u and More power! 💜✨
Olivia has grown so much.... and gen z cannot handle all this emotion at the beginning of the year again 😭😭
why was i literally just watching some of your old reactions lol... AND YES SHES AMAZING. 17 AND SO TALENTED WOW. this bridge is probably one of my favorites ever written.
She and this song give a vibe that she likes a combination of Taylor ,lorde and lana!
OH MY GOD YES
Wow，so fast!
*Omg I can't believe he just saw our comments and immediately reacted to this thank uuuuuuuu* 😢💞
Omg earlyyyy
Was waiting for you to react to the song!!!
I'VE BEEN WATCHING SO MANY REACTIONS TO THIS TODAY AND I DIDNT EVEN HAVE TO ASK YOU TO REACT TO IT, YOU JUST DID
You should react to Streets by doja cat !
Please react to Flames by MOD SUN and Avril Lavigne. It's great 🔥🔥
I WAS LITERALLY WATCHING IT FOR THE SECOND TIME WHEN I GOT YOUR NOTIFICATION
Luv your channel blake and driver license is AmAzInG!!!
YESSS, I WAS WAITING FOR THIS REACTION!!!!
This is actually her debut. All her other songs were for a soundtrack where she's an actress for.
OMG THANK YOU
She’s only 17 it’s crazy
Please react to flames by MOD SUN ft Avril Lavigne...
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS ONE
Queen Olivia getting the attention she deserves 😭💖
Also what's so hype about this song it sounds... Really normal in pop
OH FUC* YOU REALLY DID IT
Im first and im glad🤌🏻🕊
React to Now United!! They’re a group of 17 people from 17 different countries!!
YES I WAS WAITING FOR THIS LET'S GOOO
ITS INSANEEEE!!! she really outdid herself.
this song gives me so many chills! especially once the bridge hits
omgg
early
I'M EARLY HI I'M SO EXCITED FOR THIS
YESSS tHank u So mUch FoR DoINg ThiS
wow Blake this was fast.. I do appreciate it though
react to more of the 1975
YAYY YOU REACTED TO IT!!!!
i never was this early
I’m so early so i’m excited to hear your reaction
Blake pls give me a like🤗
I'm here early omgg
OMGGG
Yess been waiting for this
YAYYYY💥💥🔥🔥
YES IM SO HAPPY YOU DID THIS
Yesss i was waiting for this!
Wakka
ITS THE WAY I WAS PRAYING YOUD REACT TO THIS
