What’s your favourite product from The Ordinary?! Remind me what I’m missing out on haha
I don't know for me the Niacinamide from The Ordinary didn't do anything to my skin
I just bought the hyaluronic acid serum… I honestly got it cause serums are so expensive and the bottles are so small. I just didn’t know what to get, I don’t really have many skin issues besides some around the eye milia and the occasional hormonal acne… after seeing all the $50 serums and then seeing this nice $12 one… I just took the gamble and got it to save some money while still keeping the 6 step routine of wash, tone, eye cream, serum, moisturizer and sun block…
The Ordinary is a good starting point. I like it because it's straight forward and it's easy to learn about ingredients and what they do. However, I find that many products are usually focused on on single ingredient (which makes sense, simpler formulations are probably cheaper to use) and once you know which products work for you, you usually end up looking for something that has the few ingredients you want to use all in one product (a fancier formulation). I still love The Ordinary and I will keep using and buying products by them if they make sense for me.
The aqua lane cleanser just works for me for some reason but I don’t actually like using it it’s just like meh 🫤 of a product when using it I also agree it doesn’t take off makeup  very well and have to use a lot of product but saying that I’ve used so many products from different brands and they seem to irritate my skin and I break out James please please please 🙏🏻 🙏🏻 if you have a alternative for me I would be so grateful love watching everything you post you are my nighttime routine 😂 I love 💗 to unwind and relax while watching all your amazing skin care tips and tricks xx 💋
omg loona's lightstick at the back
as a graphic designer i have a petty bias against the ordinary bc of their packaging. i love that their whole deal is that they are saving the consumer money by having minimal no frills packaging, that is great. however, THEIR PRODUCTS ARE IMPOSSIBLE TO TELL APART!! so when your minimal packaging is a detriment to the user experience i think that is a problem. i wear glasses and obviously take them off when washing my face. i can't read their tiny labels without my glasses so i can't tell which serum is which. the cheapest form of printing nowadays is digital, which is cmyk color. it used to be that it was more expensive to print different colors but that is not true anymore. so they could incorporate color into their labels to help make it easier to tell which is which without spending any extra money. tbh i just feel like they are keeping all their labels the same as a gimmick, it gives them the appearance of thrift that they want but i feel like they should care more about making sure that their products are user friendly. good molecules does it perfectly, they don't have as many products as the ordinary but they have set up a system that allows them to easily differentiate products. their labels have colored backgrounds and colored text, so they can switch up these variables easily without adding extra cost and use them to group similar products together. both good molecules and the ordinary hired a designer to set up their initial branding a make templates for their packaging that could be easily maintained by someone in house. the system that was designed for good molecules is as easy to maintain in house as the ordinary's, but it is leaps and bounds more focused on the user experience than the appearance of thrift. i do think good molecules was purposeful in setting up a system that was more eye-catching and more focused on usability bc they saw how flawed the packaging for the ordinary is. i just think it's lame that the ordinary hasn't adjusted their labels to help their users at all yet after so many years. they could do it in a way that shows that they still value the product over its presentation, just some color coding would be great!
Caffeine solution 5%🖤  Still using bout 5-6 serums from the ordinary like vitamin c & retinol.  I’m figuring my new day & night routine so it’s been fun testing inexpensive products.  I 🖤 Boots Ingredients products like hyaluronic acid & niacinamide feels more like fat water, which I love🥰 Also using some of their serums
Thanks for the recommendation of the expensive and sold out product 😂
I want something that will literally make my skin layers peel off like a advanced hydro rejuvenation, but at home😂
I’ve been using The Ordinary peel everyday for a month now and I’m not seeing any results. It’s almost like putting water on my face.
Hello, what's the best serum for oily skin and wide large open skin with white heads?
As a student, I have a very tight budget for skincare and my most important product in my routine is obviously the moisturizer. I suffer from dermatitis and my skin tends to be dry and itchy no matter what I use. I've tried a bunch of drug store brands like garnier and loreal, but their moisturizers left this weird film on the face that I absolutely hated, but then I came across the ordinary's moisturizer and it has changed my life. No weird texture after application and it has really reduced dryness and itchyness for me. I could not live without it. I assume there must be better alternatives for it at similar price ranges, but I live in Eastern Europe and we don't really have that many brands to choose from. There's  either 3 low quality drug store brands or 3 luxury brands to choose from and the ordinary has given me the opportunity to feel good without sacrificing a large chunk of my money. Also, the drug store creams I've tried have ended up being more expensive than the one from the ordinary.
I start using the ordinary serum niacinamide 10 + zinc 1 morning and evening and the lactic acid 5% + HA 2% at night. Do u think they will cure acne infection?
What is this bloating paper he talks about?
i’ve been using the ordinary to figure out which acids and ingredients work best for me before ordering other pricier items with those ingredients. i’ve also been mixing some of the ingredients to boost some of my other moisturizers, serums, etc depending on the day.
I love their hyaluronic serum and retinol in squalene and they work great.  I do agree the hyaluronic serum very thick n tacky.  So I mix it with a pump of Neutrogena oil free moisturizer with spf and it spreads great.  But I don't use the whole product line. I mix them with other product lines such as Mario Badescu
Hi! I really love your videos. But can you do a video about filorga? I don't know which one I should buy for my skin type. I'm looking for a cream for day and night 😊
The Ordinary is still amazing and great on a budget. On my 3rd bottle of the Buffet, and emptied out my bottle of arbutin. I am also done with my bottle of niacinamide and zinc and I see my sebum production improved after 3 weeks. I never got that tacky feeling because I don't over apply it. I am in my 30s and have traces of wrinkles and hyperpigmentation. Took about 4 months to see results.
wow never heard about them before. gonna look them up
James is YouTube crush. Very educative video.thank you
Have you heard of skin replublic? Ehat do you think of that? Just got some hydrologic acid, nicatiminide, and retinol, still looking for a good toner and moisturiser.. the ordinary comes up first in my search.
You know what... just shut your channel  on you tube n move on cos you definitely don't deserve to be here
I like the idea of The Ordinary but their bottle sizes are quite small so they’re not actually the most affordable on the market (especially considering some of the Korean brands)
About to purchase a first The Ordinary product. Stumbled on this video *👀 the title of this video*
I hope The Ordinary change the formula of their Azelaic Acid to something like a serum or lotion. The PC version is great but expensive, it costs even more than the prescription-only 15/20% here in the UK. But I want to try the Facetheory Plant-based Azelaic Acid serum.
the azelaic acid!!!!!  I mix with a moisturizer and goddamn the dark marks actually started disappearing when it felt like nothing worked.
What are your thoughts on their glycolic toner?
I'm an Inkey List fan.
I think I'm going to switch to something different, I have do many serums it's getting annoying lol
The Ordinary's niacinamide serum makes my skin really red and gives me that burning feeling
the way i clicked on this video while listening to my loona playlist then i see the lightstick in the background 😭😭
Hi , I am 26 and completely new to ordinary products or any proper skincare and I wanted to ask which steps should I follow if I have the following products: Niacinamide, Caffeine solution, Lactic acid, Hyaluronic acid? And should I be using this combination everyday at night?  Plus I have the peeling mask aswell and I am planning on using no other product the day I use the AHA 30% (at ten days interval).  Please guide
True story, when I first saw the price of an Ordinary product, I thought it was a mistake !  $5.75 = $57.50
I’ve been using BHA for like 3 weeks. And I still noticed that that blackhead on that spot is still there. I wonder why that is.
Hi James, Im impressed with your presentation.  May I ask you for some advice if it is OK? I am 60 yrs old, dry skin and with dark sports and pigmentation are my main concern.  I am considering The Ordinary after reading a lot of reviews but I am so confused.  I just want a simple routine if possible.  what can you say about this am routine: 1.  Squalene Cleanser 2. Hyaluronic Acid 2% + B5  3.  AScorbyl Tetraisoplamitate solution 20% in Vitamin F (Vit C derivative) 4.  Mositurizer (other brand) 5.  SPF (other brand)  PM:   1.  Squalene Cleanser  2.  Lactic ACid 55 3.  Hyaluronic Acid 2% + B5 4.  Rose HIp Seed Oil 5.  Moisturizer  Should I use REtinoil as you mentioned in the video instead of the Lactic  Acid.  HOw about Hyaluronic and Rose Hip, are they good for my concerns. Is the Squalene Cleanser OK for dry skin.  I want to rehydrate my skin.  Thank you
Please don't use terms you don't understand.
i love ordinary, but i discovered that their product are not working on me, though i have thin caucasian dry skin. i used vit c emulsion, niacinamide, retinol, glycolic asid. my skin just the same
I just started using the Ordinary niacinamide serum, and I've been shocked at the difference in my oil production! It was one of my very first skin care products.
Love the "shoddy" appearance😘
Also, I have my own business and we have a cbd moisturizer that I use religiously. We do use alcohol but it’s to break up the CBD powder so it can mix into our moisturizer. Helps with redness and I won’t ever change my moisturizer
Ceraves vitamin C has done a lot for me
People say the Ordinary is cheaper.  It's because people are buying less.  When I do a price comparison with other brands that use larger containers there is sometimes little to no difference.  So I think it's really just cheaper because they have packaged it to be cheaper.
I have sensitive skin and I tried the niacinamide + zinc from The Ordinary. It broke me out so badly. I had doubts about trying anything else but I took a chance on the Inkey List. Treading cautiously, I tried their niacinamide and hyaluronic acid and I live them both. Ready to add more. I do use rosehip oil from the ordinary alone at night. When I layer that with the Inkey list products, it breaks me out.
Hello James am a new subscriber and I’m hooked I love your videos! I wonder with you could recommend to me a moisturiser for acne prone skin its for my niece I said I’d ask you :-). Thanks again 🥰
I buy hyaluronic acid powder I mix it with distilled water and essential oils. I use it to derma roll and when I use my Foreo device. I’m 52 so at my age I need as much ‘plumping’ as I can get.
Ha inkey is a scam. The ordinary works.
The Ordinary was where I started my skincare journey, but I must admit there's nothing I still use - it's the formulation every time. I do like to use a separate hyaluronic acid (Inkey List of course 😄) in the day as I only wear sunscreen and it really plumps up my skin.
I don't like the Inkey list nearly as much as The Ordinary, and the packaging on The Inkey List isn't good. The Niacinamide packaging isn't airtight (if you accidentally knock it over, it leaks even if it's closed) and it pills up underneath my products.
Me watching this two days after I bought the hyaluronic acid: 🤦‍♀️
You have to take what these youtubers say with a pinch of salt, dont forget they have to make content all the time, one minute its I love these then its I hate them, then its my top favourites then its why I dont use these anymore
U are just richer now
When you just completed your the ordinary products purchase, like all of them 😂 then you bumped in to this video.
I confess I do like TO Niacinamide and zinc serum. However, yes it does sort of foam up a bit on my face (whether I use 2 or 4 drops). It sinks in and once it does I don't notice a tacky feeling. I haven't had issues with it contributing to  pilling. Also, Over time, I have noticed it help with oiliness, skin texture/redness.  I still get some spots and skin tone isn't completely even, but it is better. I would love to try the PC one and I am sure it is better... however I can't justify the price personally when there is a cheap alternative that does the job well enough. I do splash out more on stuff the sunscreen and the PC BHA.
They stop giving you money that's the short reason.... That's all
I just watched your other upload on the ordinary then watched this one not sure why it caused a stir love your honest opinion as to what works better for you 🙂 new subscriber and loving your uploads. Keeping it real 👌
What's cool about The Ordinary is that the chemicals are cheap enough to try out and there is no gimmicky packaging that makes people half love the packaging and half not enjoy the product. Well, that's what I'm going to be using them for. Maybe I'll upgrade the azulaic down the road, or the retinol, we'll see :)
This was the absolute most perfectly polite way of tearing TO apart. Lol.
Who cares, Queen. They’re affordable and they work.
You gain lot of weight ,, James.
Do you have a skin care routine video for applying these products in the daytime and night time?
it's the first time i watch a video of yours and boy , you would have an etreamly bright future at reading audio books or dubbing , basically anything related to voice because you have such a charming one .. oh , and you are extreamly gorgeous too !
Hi, does anyone know an alternative to niacinamide? Sadly I am allergic to it, up to the point where I need to see a doctor to bind my face for two weeks with a special lotion and a ton of dressing material -> I had to drink through a straw!
I bought the ordinary niacinamide and started breaking out slightly, I don’t know if i should continue or my skin is just getting used to a new product thus the breakout. Please help
What about the vitamin c serums? I need an affordable one and was going to get the ordinary but after watching this the main thing I'm worried about is consistency, the ordinary seem to have a very tack consistency, is the vitamin c serum the same?
I use Revolution Niacinamide with Zinc, just like the ordinary, but doesnt feel sticky or pills, and only 8 quid.
I wish James would review iwhite korea
Wait we can use Vaseline as moisturizer?
hi Pikachu ..😍  i subscribe just because of that pika in the back ground..   and your great contents 🤗
Saw this video after seeing the news where Estée Lauder will acquire DECIEM in three years time.   Time to break up with the ordinary 🙂
Okay so I’ve gotten the products from the inkey list recipe builder (oat cleansing mask, hyaluronic acid, niacinamide and collagen booster) and niacinamide was the last thing I introduced into my skin care routine. I’ve been using it for 4/5 days now, AM & PM but I’ve noticed that it’s actually made my skin redder and created a few red spots (which wasn’t there before) and my skin feels itchy now which it also didn’t before.   Should I continue using the niacinamide ? Is it one of those things where you have to carry on using it and it gets worse before better or should I immediately stop? I’ve had my skin clear for a while now (which was a great achievement for me) but now I’m experiencing those things ^ so I want to know if I should stop using it immediately or carry on?
I’m going to keep my ordinary bottles and put Inkey list products in
me loling because I stopped using the glossier serums after years because they're too expensive... saying this as a former glossier employee
How about the ordinary hyaluronic acid?
Every time you look radiant and gorgeous
Stuck in the rain walking the dog, or coming down after a crack bender?
My first impression of The Ordinary was not great. Purchased the Vitamin C Suspension 23% + HA Spheres 2% and honestly it was the worst skincare product I used in years. It was just terrible... But I have since started using Hyaluronic Acid by them and it's great.
I have uneven skin texture and occasional breakouts. Dark spots and dull skin. I have no idea what to get
Hey guys help me out? I am planning to order both the ordinary's AHA + BHA and Niacinamide (because I just recently watched another James video  and those are the ingredients he suggested for blackheads haha) but I'm not sure how to use them. Can I use them right after each other? Or would it be better if I use them on different days?
The Ordinary range is amazing but the very best HA on the market is SKEYNDOR there is no other like it 😍
I have a very very sensitive skin, anything can causes me allergies crises. I now use  the ordinary and works wonder for me, but well I only actually use two products. However I want to start to use the inkey list
Ordinary is the best  ;)
Nothing from the ordinary worked for me and I’m pissed I spent so much money on it!
i was literally gonna but loads of ordinary products but i guess not anymore
Conclusion: Bish doesn't use The Ordinary anymore now cuz she's too boujee for it? Got it!
I feel like the ordinary retinol is still  the highest percentage you can get for the price range
I actually... love his hair like that?
When I started using the ordinary, I noticed drastic changes on my skin but on my 2nd to 3rd bottle I no longer get the results I'm expecting. I've since slowly removed the ordinary from my routine. I guess I can say I graduated from it.
James: excuse me, i look rly messy rn Also James: looks fucking stunning
I used to use the ordinary but i much prefer the inkey list now. I find the textures much nicer and the range less confusing! I like to think im fairly knowledgeable with skin care but the ordinary can still be overwhelming, for example their enormous range of vitamin c's i gave up trying to pick one and just got the inkey list 😆
I used the aha bha peel from the ordinary and their niacinamide but honestly some other products i tried from broke me out...
I love The Ordinary! I have SEVERE dry skin so I use the moisturizing products like crazy! I also use the Inkey when I can get it
The Ordinary Niacinamide 10% with 1% zinc doesn't work for me.. it's kind overrated in my opinion for me atleast. skinsceuticals, inkeylist and paula's choice  has better overall products.
Just moved to the inkey list again. Thanks for the vid. ♥️
the first thing i noticed: loona's lightstick in the back. If he's an orbit I subscribe  edit: oh WAIT Chungha's lightstick is there too! I stan
idk, I've never had texture issue with the ordinary niacinamide. I just started using it about 2 weeks ago though, so I'll keep testing. So far so good.
TO is a solid option if you stick to one or two drops and use sparingly. The textures mean that among the general audience of advice, a lot of them may have issues if they use more. Bear in mind that they launched as a loss leader to Hylamide/NIOD with a wide variety but very few reformulations since then. Still waiting on the salicylic acid 2%.....
I just purchased  5 of ordinary products and looking for videos how to use them and this what it pops up. Now  I got stomachache.
I love The Ordinary. It totally changed my skin
I love the buffet serum from the ordinary combined with the inkey list glycolic acid toner 10%. It has completely transformed my skin!
The Azelaic Acid changed my life! It completely cleared my skin up along with other products in my routine. And it definitely works for hyperpigmentation on dark skin, it completely brightened my skin up. But I love the inkey list as well, definitely in my routine too!
Can a 18yo use ordinary and the inkey list Niacinamid?
Wait... is that the ChungHa lightstick???
Send me all you dark spot fixing products..... you don’t need them. Hand em over
Me: about to receive my The ordinary product's This video: 👁👅👁
Great vid. 👌 I will be trying out your alternatives 😻if I had to choose one Ordinary product I couldn’t live without, it would be the Buffet. I find my skin really loves this product. The other product I really like is the lactic acid, my skin feels like baby skin after using this overnight.
You have such a calming voice.
Honestly the 10% azelaic acid suspension is a holy grail for me as a spot treatment to lighten hyperpigmentation, redness and scars on my acne prone skin. I'm not particularly interested or in love with their other products but for affordable actives I get why its still so popular. I love kbeauty skincare too much i can't bring myself to only use cerave and the ordinary products
That's so funny that you don't like the way the azeleic acid feels on the skin. It's actually my favorite product for my skin. I have extremely dry skin so maybe I'm just used to having worse skin than how this looks and feels. 😂
I dunno what to do about skincare anymore, there's so many products and different advice everywhere,  I thought the ordinary was good now I'm unsure, just like so many other products and brands,   overwhelming is an understatement D;
Your hair is actually super adorable!
I am so happy I found this channel, I have been binge watching your videos all day! But I'm still so confused😂 What is the best product for hyperpigmentation and scarring from acne? And for preventing more acne...?❤️
What’s on your table
The ordinary products give me large cystic break outs. All the serums so far.. niacinamide, alpha arbutin, vit c.... 😔
I used to like their Retinol 2% but, so oily finish. So after like half bottle I just quit it (it takes a month for that). Too much oil for me. I realized I wasn't enjoying it and I don't know what it was doing for my skin because the feel of that oil through my skin made me feel so uncomfortable I....NO....My skincare routines, morning and night are MY MOMENT. I got a stressful job (who doesn't) and specially this year has been triple stressful so, breakouts in skin, in my mind, in my soul and MY MOMENT must be that time I'm with myself, enjoying while I take care of me instead of anyone else. I must enjoy every minute, every step so I don't care if I should use Retinol or not, that THING went to trash can directly. Sorry if I seem rude but I can't help anything disturbing those rare and amazing  moments I have before and after sleeping. Morning coffee alone in the darkness of the night getting awaken while nobody is around. Night routine with some music or twins video. Yes...that oily Retinol making me feel so bad...he died...rest in peace.
Just watched 2020 best products & last thing you said was you wouldn’t talk about the ordinary peeling mask again this year. Then auto play comes to this one & it’s where u start lol  I agree w the azelaic acid. I will try Paula next. This stuff dried my skin out sooo bad. So I use as a spot treatment now I it works better. It also feels so gross on skin & if I use too much I end up breaking out.  Hyaluronic acid serums I can’t live without. But my skin is dry... normal now. But if I didn’t use serums, dry.
totally unrelated but is that a loona lightstick at the back?????
I was skeptical at first but after a few months my skin looked so good (pretty amazing) so I'll keep investing in The Ordinary until I can afford something a lot better lol.
I don't know if you've done this yet, but if you could do a video telling us how our skin should feel after a certain step. Or if our skin feels a certain way after using a product, what we should do, or even swap it out for. I guess I and probably others aren't as in tune with our skin as some people. I don't know what feels right and good, and therefore I would usually stick with the same product out of habit, or just because I don't have a severe negative reaction. but I feel you could help a lot of us spot where we could improve. Apologies if you've done this video before and I missed it.
I use quite a bit from the ordinary, the niacinamide, marine hylaronics, and the creamy retinol. I feel like they work pretty well for me but I think I wanna try the inkey list niacinamide !
7 min in, already added everything to my shopping cart...
Thank you ♥️
Love the ordinary niacinamide! Have never found it tacky or heavy! It’s sorted all my dark spots that I suffered with for years
Greetings, first of all I would like to thank you so much for your videos and your sincerity in such a fake industry.  I would like to know what's your opinion on Yves Rocher products, it's one of the most animal-friendly, sustainable, natural ingredients and affordable brands that I know of. Their exfoliating products really smooths out my skin, and toners reduces my oily skin.  Since they use mostly natural ingredients I wonder if the products are good enough or if they are missing out some essential ingredients to the skin, I'm on my 30's now so I'm more concerned about my skin health and I want to keep a rejuvenated skin for the years to come. Thank you for being wonderful <3
See for some reason I feel like the Ordinary's niacinamide makes my skin insanely oily rather than reduces it. After a few hours my face is like a slip 'n slide...
I just began using The Ordinary 👵🏽
I got a light chemical burn from the ordinary's lactic acid 10%, totally my fault but I'd just like something not as strong.  hearing alternatives for the ordinary is amazing. Thank you!
Have you tried any of the hylamide products? I feel the prices for those are still good and I'm curious if the product formulation is better  😊
lovely how transparent you are and how you dont talk down TO because you dont use it.
I loved the ordinary. Over a decade of deep blemishes. A friend gave me the ordinary tinctures. My skin cleared up. I haven’t got any deep blemishes since and I also stopped using it months ago. Now I just use a plain face wash for makeup removal.
Can you do a review on the elf happy hydrating cream
Ive never subscribed soo fast omfg 😍
The ordinary is something that i see as seeming supplementary. The serums are very specific to certain ingredients. So if you know you need more of one very specific thing in an already existing, well rounded routine, its like oh hey there's an option.
I love their hyalauronic acid serum, and once it soaks in, I follow with retinol serum. I alternate between ordinary's 2% Retinoid emulsion and another brand's 2.5% retinol serum. Once that absorbs, I use ordinary HA moisturizer. My skin absolutely LOVES it. I have very dry skin and am 40 years old
People will never learn that you pay for what you get, and quality products will never be sold for cheap. So even as introductory products you will waste money, when you could’ve had good skin from the jump sis 🤷🏽‍♀️
The ordinary is like gateway skincare. affordable, decent quality, ethical. Eventually youll outgrow it and find stuff that’s a step up.
everyone was buying it at my work and I was just never interested in that brand.
I don't think the "dark spot"  you young ones get is the same as these I am getting now, thought it was from my dark hair dye  Nope,,, so they are not the same "type" of spot, perhaps you can say what us older gals can use ;)
Love/hate with the azeleic acid as well! It makes my skin peel like nothing else I’ve ever tried. I can’t put it on if I need to go anywhere. I do find it leaves my skin soft afterwards.
That time The Ordinary here in South Africa costs an arm and a leg, but that's purely because of exchange rates imagine spending $1000 on a cream?😹😹😹
I've been curious about the ordinary. I'm surprised that its even popping up in online shops here in my country. However, I'm not gonna quench my curiosity since I'm scared that they are fakes/counterfeits
i was pleasantly surprised with that outro lol stanloona
I got my hopes up for a split second and actually let myself believe that some guy was going to actually mean what they put in their title and actually know what alternative means. I'm sure I'll have to explain so here goes. In the first example, we don't need someone telling us that an alternative to niacinamide is niacinamide, do we people? I don't for Hell's sake. Would it not make more sense to tell us an alternate Molecule or Peptide that would work in its place when it's sold out since it is apparently all the time. I mean that would be helpful. But I Would suppose that would take studying and actual help. He just told you that this brand is not bougie enough for him. The man/person/it/they literally just told made mone I can't imagine people being so daft that they need someone to tell them replace butter in a recipe when they're out of butter with #^^*ing butter! And he just got paid to waste our time and treat us like we're stupid.
As usual, if it works for you, keep using it. Great for a tight budget like mine :)
Guys, if you want something that works BEYOND EXPECTATIONS.... Please look into Pyunkang Yul products. They are a Korean brand. I recently got the essence toner and.... 💀💀💀 I was DECEASED and RAISED TO LIFE.
I've always treated my skin like shit and I'm 35 and look like 20 - I would say gentle genes lol. My skin is very Ivory and I never once used sunscreen, because I'm lazy and I don't get sunburns neither pigmentation - I know it's wrong, but I'm lazy! My skin is almost perfect - BUT - I always had about 5 pimples at a time! The Ordinary solved my problem! I would never pay more than 10€ on 30ml, because I've got other things to spend my money on than worrying about some pimples... but their niacinimide combined with their retinol 1%, Paula's choice bha exfoliation once a week and some cheap ass solution with hyaluronic acid solved my problem for little effort and little money! And all thanks to your channel, because I didn't have a clue about skin routine! Now I'm even considering using a sunscreen... but I still have to see what I should use, because I have very oily skin! Lol Thanks, I love your videos! You really motivate people to take care of their skin! Even people like me! 😆
The Inkeylist's vitamin C serum is much nicer than the Ordinary's alternative. I use both brands but I prefer Inkeylist for nicer to use formulations, their retinol serum is lovely :)
Why would you not put a moisturizer on top of azaleic acid? Also, as someone with oily prone skin I LOVE the way azaleic feels on my skin and what it dies for my skin. If your someone who still get active break outs sporadically this is the aha for you..
For the Ordinary serums I found using Dear Klairs Preparation toner before applying them really helps them soak in quickly without going tacky or rolling as well as moisturising afterwards. The DK toner+ Niacinamide+ purito hydrating sun cream has been my ride or die routine for summer days!!
I use Few drops of sweet almond oil with my moisturiser at night to rehydrate my skin. im really battleing on what serums to use since years as i already use an AHA toner ( because many people say that its no use using serums if use are using an AHA BHA toner).I think i would start using a niacinamide serum as my complexion is dull.James , i would also like to see if you do a vedio on trending facial oils and benefits... Thankyou.
I like the squalane oil cleanser from them. Usually good oil cleansers seem to be a higher price point..
I question if I need skincare at all. I use the Ordinary and have dabbled a full routine with other brands and nothing has really looked as good as when I started with the Ordinary. So not only does the Ordinary work but it also is the best price. I'm going to slowly remove each product I use everytime I refill, to see what isn't doing anything for me.
I really dislike how hyaluronic acid is in basically most serums now. While it definitely plumps and hydrates my skin, it gives me the worst cycstic acne breakouts I've ever had. Has anyone else had this problem?
I was too concentrate on your sexy accent that I barely heard what u said .
Sooo helpful 🙌🏻 you're a God among men
I wish i could afford atleast one product from The Ordinary. 😂 Stepping to last year of college, let's see. 🙂
I interchange both the ordinary  and Inkey. Like products from both. Will take your recommendations . I always do.👍
The Ordinary is a skincare revolution. This brand made us realize that skincare products can be made without all the BS and can be sold at an affordable price. The Ordinary allowed us to experiment on our skin without breaking our bank. But as we learn more about skincare, we tend to find better alternatives and that is okay.  Still, The Ordinary is not-so-ordinary after all.
I get the drama behind Naturium, but James should talk more about the brand, it is so good and feels so much better than the ordinary. I highly recommend! Very affordable too!
Alpha Arbutin did hands down work for me. Recomend
I still use The Ordinary. Fuck, I'm poor.
Face therapy pore brightening serum
Me watching this after i just bought  TO Azelaic Acid :👁👄👁
Whit The Ordinary Niacinamide I came up with "3 drop rule". Three drops are the maximum amount I can use on my face before it becomes tacky and peeling. Any drop more and it turns in to a failure.
I loved that you have a detailed explanation in the description box so I can read immediately what will be the content of the video. 😊❤️
Not  me watching this video when I just bought a bunch of ordinary products
I'm liking Inkey List better than The Ordinary as well, personally, it's the texture of the formulas. Inkey List's serums feel smoother on my skin and they absorb better.
Literally ordered 7 new products from the ordinary the other day 👀👄👀
The ordinary is always sold out so I moved onto Korean skincare and smother myself with hydration and centella asiatica
The ordinary is THE BEST ingredients DONT lie bitches
I just hate how the organic cold pressed borage seed oil smells by the ordinary. It smells like turkey and that’s creepy haha
Can you please review the Maelove Moonlight serum? I’m very curious 😊
LOONA MUSIC AT THE START I THOUGHT MY EARS WERE GONE
first time viewer - i immediately went “oh his intro music is loona!” then i saw the lightstick in the background and i knew he was a man of taste 😌
Well I am about to start using  some Ordinary Products.Everyone is different.
What about Paula's Choice Niacinimide ?! 🖤
Omg!! I can see the crown bong in your background 😂😂 haha! #StanLoona
you have such a soothing voice :) it´s so relaxing to listen to you (also informative and helpful of course :D)
Glad you found what you enjoy me personally will probably be using ordinary till the day I die. the formulas for the price they are are astronomically good
The ordinary is just superior
Been watching for about a year. Enjoy and learn a lot from your videos.  Even though I am old enough to be your mom,, I still have much to learn. You and your brother are beautiful inside and out. Great genes run in your  family. Keep producing good content ( wrinkles and scars) are the ones I love most. Thank you and   Cheerio. ??? (Hope Spelling is right.)..
James, Please add links to U.S. based sites as well so we can help support you by purchasing these products. I'd rather click on a link from your page and ensure you get a little commission than go directly to the manufacturer and pay the same price. Please make it easier for those of us that want to help you. I LOVE everything you do btw. You provide way more value than you receive in return; and it's beyond time that you get paid more for helping so many.
The only thing at this point that has me buying the ordinary over other brands is their glass packaging for the majority of their serums. Does anyone know of a brand that also mostly uses glass for their packaging around the same price point?
Ayo why is Girl Front instrumental playing during the intro....
I've only tried their retinol, but I prefer one that isn't a liquid and went back to my favorite one. I haven't been too tempted by the brand as a whole.
Your skin is gorgeous!
Something to consider regarding glycerin....its a horrible product to use when you live in a dry climate. If a product has glycerin as one of its top ingredients i cant use it. I avoid it like the plague.
I love with the ordinary that you can cocktail serums together. That being said, I didnt like the tackiness of the HA either but I found the ordinary's marine HA which is a water-y serum that I cocktail with the more viscous niacinamide and I also add the retinol .5% in squalene. I find that my skin drinks it up very quickly w/o any sticky residue. My other fav ordinary product is the resveratrol 3% + ferulic acid 3% that i cocktail with vit c serums. They work beautifully together! There are more ordinary and inkey list that I could go on about but it would get too long.
When the ordinary first came out I bough a whole skin care routine from them ... well my skin 2 weeks later looked horrible but everyone say that your skin has to purge before it gets better I was like ohh okay kept using for like 4 months and my skin kept getting worse and I was like nahhh whatever this is I can’t continue using this no other skin care line or products had done that. Forward 4 years later to September this year I decided to give it another try my skin was at its best and before it wasn’t so I though maybe that was a problem well big regret my skin 2 weeks later was horrible again I do get acne but I know where every month but this was pimples everywhere, bumps, texture... even my bf was like what’s going on with your face that’s when I knew The Ordinary ruin my face again. Another thing thing that I noticed this time with their products maybe cuz I know more about skin care is the texture and feeling they left my skin very sticky and heavy feel which I hate. 😬
JAMES I JUST BOUGHT 6 OF THEIR PRODUCTS YESTERDAY AND I ONLY SEE THIS NOW
hi I have extra oily skin can u suggest me the vitamin c serum dear
The ordinary personally has not worked for me...honestly skin care is like finding a needle in haystack...what may work for most people might not work for you and what might work for you is probably despised by others, that’s what I have learned, it’s all about being educated and trying
I love the ordinary. But i am also watching this video with two massive angry, painful, chemical burn looking burns on my face. I have used their vitamin c 30% in silicone for a year. Its great. Love it. i also use a different brands vitamin c powder often and mix it into the ordinarys resvervatrol with feurlic acid(im aware i spelled those wrong lol theres no chance i got it right)  So when i accidentally purchased the ordinarys 23% with HA Spheres, silicone free vitamin c instead, i was bummed but didnt think that the instant i put it on my face, i would turn red, begin to itch and burn like id set fire to my pores. I use their acid peel serum, cant recall the name but the dark red stuff everyone loves, and the vitamin c 23% burned 1000000x more than that acid peel.  I woke the next morning with massive angry burns on my face, going all the way up to the side of my eye. How can a vitamin c product with LESS vitamin c than the product i have used for a year, cause such a severe reaction?
The main issue of alternative products you suggested is the price. :(
Why do influencers have more subs than Dr. Dray and Dr. Idriss?
In the US, the great thing is that The Ordinary and the Inkey list are avail in Sephora and Ulta.  Paula's Choice is online, by phone, or some avail at Nordstrom.   Others you mention can be purchased online  (like Glossier).
For those in the UK, I've found the niacinamide and zinc in Superdrug's me+ range works better for me than the Ordinary's, similar price too: https://www.superdrug.com/b/Me+
If you skip the word "grooming" in your intro youd get bit more subscribers
Not at all at the Girl Front - LOONA intro
I've wanted to love a lot of The Ordinary products but almost everyone I've tried has always left a tacky layer and that is one of my pet peeves with some products. Even the Caffeine eye serum did nothing. One product I will always use is the Peeling Solution bc it's never let me down.
As far as dark spots and pigmentation it’s Caudalie Vinoperfect serum for me
James! Help! I’ve been struggling with this little rash/blackheads on my chin since the pandemic started... I’ve tried to put azelic acid on them at night and I haven’t seen relief.. I use the ordinary niacinamide every night with the hyaluronic acid and a water based moisturizer since I have really oily skin... I’ve tried to extract them with a tool and even use the aloe acne mask from truly... I see no relief at all. What am I doing wrong?!?!?   Love your videos!!!! ❤️
He really does have a great voice. Very pleasant to listen to.
this brand has literally transformed my skin. After years of spending huge amounts of money on skin care, I can't believe the results I've achieved with this brand. That's where I realised the almost zero effectiveness of the products I had used up until then. I think they don't care so much about adding fancy compounds that make the formula pleasant, and they focus on effectiveness. For example, the 23% vitamin C cream leaves a rather unpleasant feeling. But I don't mind that at all when I see the results it has achieved on my skin. I no longer need to use foundation!!
I love the way the Az Acid feels on my skin lol.
I see mimikyu I subscribe
your hair looks good like this!
James are you an Orbit by chance😂 I was surprised to hear Girl Front in your intro!
He called me broke 🥺 I love the ordinary 💕 I am broke tho I’m a college student 😂
5% niacinamide is the concentration that works best on the skin guys
I feel like Inkeylist paid for this video :P
@James... only 1 question: Do you have meditation videos/recordings?? Lol you always have the most amazingly soothing and calm voice.
I love your videos and you've helped me so much learning about skin care... But omg you give me a heart attack every time you clickbait the ordinary like this 😅 I've seen like three videos of similar titles and thumbnails and each time I'm SHOOK.
I really like the ordinary’s mandelic acid. Such an easy and inexpensive way to try a gentler AHA. It seems to work better for my deeper skin so I’m happy!
What do you think of this youtuber who discussed Paula's Choice https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A3-yUXTx1PI
I'm still kind of angry that they put TOMATO in the b oil and in the retinol. I didn't notice it and my EYES ITCHED LIKE HELL. I can't tolerate tomato on my skin. It was horrible!
I LOVE YOUR HAIR!!!!
Lol i JUST spent 10€ on the ordinary and YT recommends me this.
Can you please do a video about what triggers dark spots/hyperpigmentation??? I would LOVE
In terms of Azelaic Acid, I really like Facetheory's range.
Hi James Thx 4 The Video. I Need The Ordinary UK Website Were I Can Buy Original Products As I Have Seen Alot Of Fake Stuff Out There So ppl Spoil It 4 Others Like Ebay Lots Of My Frdz Have Got From Ebay But Products Have been fAKE Shame Be Carefull Were  You get Yr Items Frm.
James, you HAVE to try the brand Geek & Gorgeous! They are a Hungarian brand that is quite similar to The Ordinary and has some amazing affordable products that are better than The Ordinary in my view. Their B-Bomb 10% Niacinamide serum is amazing!
If u use hyaluronic serum, u still need moisturizer?
I just restocked my niacinamide from the ordinary and just finding out the inky list has come to sephora canada!!! Gotta try the inky list, just a tad pricier.
James, please let me know what is the alternative of  The Ordinary MAP 10.
James, how do you use the paula's choice azelaic acid boost ? As a spot streatment or you apply it on your entire face ?
The ordinary skin care is like wet n wild makeup ....  Easy affordable quality 👌 👏  and extremely good 👍
I find that The Ordinary retinol treatments don’t work that well, but I love the AHA 30% + BHA 2% peeling solution from them.  Paula’s Choice products are usually what I go to, when The Ordinary doesn’t deliver. The Clinical 1% Retinol Treatment is _amazing_ but only buy it on special occasions - it costs almost $80 (current exchange rate) for 30 ml where I live! I really can’t justify spending that much money for everyday use.
Hair looks good shorter on the sides 👌🏼
I always try to stay away from products and brands that use palm oil and palm oil derivatives - I’m really bummed to see that the inkey list does in fact use it. They are unfortunately not a brand I would buy from because of this.
Not gonna lie: I use The Ordinary HA to rub on my eyelids and lash lines, and it helps TREMENDOUSLY with mine and my daughter's dry eyes!  Most dry eye drops, (OTC and prescription), contain hyaluronic acid.
What audio equipment does James use??? I am curious but I also think it's just his soothing voice that makes is sound a higher quality 😂
I've been using The Ordinary for a few months now and so far it's working for me so far. I really want to try new products too, but my skin reacts badly to so many things that I get too scared to try anything new. I just now added a new product into my routine and I still have so much anxiety over weather or not it will make me react badly.
hey guys I've just uploaded a skincare routine for morning and night, if you have acne-prone/oily skin it will be for you? please check it out and show support if you will xxx
I didn't like the way the azaleic acid felt...it was gritty to me.🥴
The formulation of Niacinamide + Zinc from the ordinary is NOT for hyperpigmentation or even tone. It’s ONLY for acne and oil control, only recommend to use 1-2 drops to AVOID tacky and foaming on the skin. <3
James greetings from México!! You are the best.  Please do a video about Good Molecules.
Well, the inkey isn't available in europe, so unfortunetely this does us europeans no good.
But hyram say opposite things?
I use the Ordinary’s moisturizer and love it bc it’s basic enough that my skin doesn’t freak out, and doesn’t make me break out worse like a lot of products do... really glad he didn’t go in hard on that one! Lol
Folks, if anyone has an equivalent for The Ordinary's Granactive Retinoid 5% I'll give you my firstborn child.  I don't want kids, but I do want my retinoid and it's been sold out for like 5 months now...
I was actually thinking you look really good in this video. I prefer this look:)
Have you tried anything by Garden of Wisdom? I really think they are great, I agree with you the formula for The Ordinary could be better and wanted to try something different.  You can buy these from Victoria health as well as much more! http://www.victoriahealth.com/brand/Garden-of-Wisdom/1110  Hero’s for me are: Alpha Arbutin 2% and Kojic Acid 1% Azelaic Acid (this is abit grainy in texture) RetiStar Retinol Serum Vitamin C Serum 23% + Ferulic Acid
The ordinary niacinamide caused me bumps and purging on my skin..should i try Inkey list?
Is that Loona lightstick?! I love
Ordinary is good so wtf are you talking about.  They have great antioxidants wich you arent gonna get from other brands.  You need to be smart and MIX some prod. With other gels for example. You are to high now to Use cheaper products
Im always skeptical of brands like this. Like Inkey List has $9 retinol.... Just seems suspicious to me lol
The Buffet serum makes my face red. I went right back to CeraVe and Paula’s Choice boosters. I sure do love the Ordinarys price point.
What would be ordinary aha bha peeling solution alternative (other than Paula choice , it's expensive)??
Me:Just bought two bottles of the ordinary niacinamide before watching this vid 👁👄👁
James Welsh is getting the love he deserves. Started being a fan of his when he was still in 200k subscribers
The ordinary helped me alot
I tried The Ordinary's Niacinamide and loved it, ran out and could never buy it again because it's always out of stock. I decided to buy Good Molecules' Niacinamide and oh my god, I don't know why but with GM's I saw insane results incredibly fast! It was even cheaper than TO but it worked for me so much better, I'm so happy with it!
WHat do you think about DECIEM's other product lines aside from the Ordinary?? I feel like there you find improved formulas, still at a good price
I watched the video on ordinary products he used and bought them. Literally the day they arrived, I saw this video.😅
Hey James, i just tried ur Yesstyle code and it says it's expired?!!
What works for others may not work for you. The Vitamin C suspension helped my pimple marks and brightened my skin.
Congrats in advance for the 1 million subscribers
Congrats in advance for 1 million subscribers
Nincinamide and Hylaronic Acid are Amazzing 🌟💕  I use both every night for the last year!  My skin has never been better.  I also use the Sacilic Acid face mask twice a week 😍😍😍 lOVE lOVE lOVE
I really like the marula oil from the ordinary, I use it as a last step of my skincare at night and it balances and deeply hydrates my skin, I also use it on my hair and eczema patches, and tattoos! I was going to buy the drunk elephant one that I got a sample of in a beauty box, but it was around £40 extra!
I have a feeling that since they were bought up by Estee Lauder they stopped being so innovative as they used to. Also, many things are sold out or out of stock for months. I replaced their 2% salicylic acid serum with a Cos de Baha one (I use the 4% one at the moment and love it). I replaced their retinols, niacinamide and HA serums with the ones by Geek&Gorgeous (which I like more). The Ordinary lost much of its charm for me.
Omg loona oec at the intro
Opens shopping app: $$  **also recently watched your morning/evening routine. And the “slugging” (🤢) video. I must say, I have most of these thing, but knew I was missing a few thing. I am enjoying your channel. I’m in my 50’s and I have not been disappointed**
Hands up if you watched this video a couple times just for James' soothing voice! 🖐️
I’ve been using the ordinary for over a year. I did notice the tackiness and foaming, but just blindly accepted it as normal 😣I have some new products to try now, thank you 😅
I'm really just trying to finish this Neutrogena HA serum because I have it and I don't want to waste it. Surprisingly enough, this is one Neutrogena product that feels good on the skin. But since I've started using CeraVe's moisturizing cream (which has HA), I don't need to spend the extra money on a separate serum.   I did try The Ordinary's AHA + BHA exfoliating serum today though and I can't begin to describe how refreshed my skin felt. Definitely another wonderful thing to look forward to every week.
I use witch hazel toner and rose hip oil mixed with vitamin e oil and my skin has never looked better 🥺❤
I love your content but speak louder. I watch multiple of your videos but it always feels like you whisper .
Anyone can help to recommend products for bumpy skin? My skin it’s so rough, when I look on the mirror small bumps are everywhere (they’re not acnes just bumps). I also have oily skin & large pores. 😢
How lucky could I be just getting into skincare and then I click this video and get Loona as theme song and lightstick in the background? Youtube really knows what I want... kudos Youtube.
Thanks for the info! I also have a skincare channel. Anyone wanting to support me, I would appreciate it!  Just started my channel!
Hi James... may I ask you about your opinion about Qua Sha please...
Hi I was just wondering, how is that you like the inkey list, or good molecules, but you don't like revolution?  As for what I see, they are also copies of the ordinary serums. It really got me confused. Please note I am writing this completely out of healthy curiosity, and probably lack of knowledge xD
You are so soft spoken it’s just amazing
i love the spooktober vibe
The hyaluronic acid in small molecules goes in to skin and pulls water into cells, but needs to be sealed in to stop water loss. Big molecule hyaluronic acid acts more like a barrier to stop anything from absorbing into skin.
Vitamin C Suspension 30% in Silicone! Only stuff that helps against my severe hyperpigmentation. I use it in combination with an alternating variation of acid serums from The Ordinary. I happily accept the downsides: can cause breakouts and application is not really pleasurable
you look like tchami
The ordinary is and will always be the best skincare product!!! We really don't care what you have to say
Love your videos!! Ahh you like Loona to I love that! 💖
The Ordinary’s HA is tacky upon application but as soon as I put on moisturizer over it, the tacky feeling dissipates, but I tend to enjoy the Marine HA which is more water-like and has zero tacky feeling. I always apply it on damp skin.  The Glycolic Acid works really well for my facial exfoliation as well as any KP on the back of my arms or dry patches just below my knee caps (where my self tanner always sticks to 😬)
I missed your videos for 2 months because of my exams and all, you look different. In a good way.  You're glowing James! I love your hairrr 😍
All time favourite ordinary product is 2%retinoid emulsion. Is the inkylist one equivalent?
I used to love Glossier, but you should check out @outtathegloss on Instagram! A TON of ex-employees have been speaking out on Glossier's employee treatment, anti-blackness, tokenism, general corporate performative activism, and more. Glossier has yet to comment even though it's been over a month now because they're trying to sweep everything under the rug. I suggest reading into it!
I love The Ordinary, it has changed my skin and given massive improvements. They are good concentrated ingredients and fantastic value for money
Idk why but I kinda hate the word "sebum" lol...anyone else? No? Oh ok..its like the word "ointment" for me 🤢
Anyone else think his hair looked really cute here?
The Inkey Lish niacinamide is amazing! I’d never heard of the brand before when I bought it, but I love it and much prefer it to TO (although it’s good too)
I have only recently started watching you properly (I would watch your videos here and there) and your voice is just amazing it really is soothing especially when you do your intro
Omg I thought my Ordinary Niacinamide foaming was my cleansers fault! 😱 glad I'm not alone lol
I spray some glycerin on my face after I apply cerave which has hylaronic acid. It's been working very well for me. :)
I see the loona lightstick sir
With all the horror tik tok stories on The Ordinary, I feel like my skin would peel if I ever use their products.
Me: ordered The ordinary from Sephora cause James and Hyram praised it and this college student with a 4 year old broke ass needed something inexpensive.  James: why I'm no longer using The Ordinary.
Can give alternative for the ordinary reservytol and. Ferulic acid
I had the same issue with their Niacinamide and I started using the Naturium one and ever since I haven’t felt tacky or pilling
Honestly I could heard him talk for hours💜
I‘ve heard of The Ordinary being bad for people of color because it worsens hyperpigmentation/acne scarring...
Your pikachu doll is extremely scary and sinister looking😭😅
I love your mimikyu in the back omg
Have you tried NIOD?
Thanks James for this video. I love how you explain each product. I suffer with eczema and rosesa on my face, I've always used prescribed medicines from my doctor so never trusted alternative products. I think I might give the ordinary a try.
I’ve mixed my TO Niacinamide mixed with my Dr Jart hydrating toner. That helps so much with that foaming and reduces the chance that my products will pill.
Your hair looks amazing like that!!!!
I love to apply pure Hyaluronic Acid directly to my lips about five minutes before applying a matte lipstick. Makes them look so much plumper and smoother 😍
Funny. I literally JUST bought the Niacinamide/Zinc. I am hoping it will not only help even out my skin but help me with my sweatiness breaking up my makeup. If ANYONE knows of something that will help keep me from sweating and that sweat removing my makeup (specifically the upper lip and forehead)
I love the niciamide it works for me
Hi boots do a new ingredient focused skincare range I would love your thoughts on it xx
Hello gorgeous! 😙❤  I totally agree about many of their serums being too thick, sticky or tacky.  I bought 2 bottles of the Grace & Stella Hylaronic Acid serum in a Fabfitfun sale, and liked it better than the one by the Ordinary (and it has glass packaging, a pump and more product), BUT ... the ingredients are the SAME!?  😲😲🤔  The G & Stella version is definitely thinner, so maybe they just repackaged and diluted it? 🤣
I feel like i've tried so many things from TO that ive never really seen any imrpovement :( It's been years and im so disappointed by every product I try, sigh
Are you a LOONA stan 👀 I hear that odd eye circle-girl front intro 👀
Naw man!!! That ordinary azelaic acid ain't right. It completely dried my skin and left it extremely irritated. I originally tried paula's choice and loved it, but was trying to find a more cost effective alternative. Not even worth it. I went back to Paula!! She does me right. Lol
I use some ordinary products and some inkey list products but i mostly use good molecules there hyaluronic acid and there niacinamide....but i am going to try susan yara new line ..james will you be reviewing her new skin line ???
I need a regimen for my nephew who has bad acne. He’s in his mid twenties.  Do you have a regimen specific for acne and basic enough for a gamer man child?
First time on ya channel!! Really informative thank youu x
I just splurged $110 on Shiseido Ultimune Power Infusing Serum and now I see the second ingredient is denatured alcohol. I’m freaking out lol I need to stick to the affordable stuff
you have rosacea?! WTF, nice video btw
A million times YES to the LOONA intro music what the heck 😩
WAIT SI I’M THE ONLY ORBIT WHO WATCHES HIS VIDEOS? STAN LOONA
I was actually thinking of how great you looked! 🤣 bad appearance? Where??
I use the ordinary niacinamide with a light vitamin c serum at night if I'm not doing retinol. GAME CHANGER. but I agree it's too strong almost, for the day.
If I use niacinamide at night I don’t wake up with blackheads and omg 😍
Yes! The explosive popularity of the Ordinary has revolutionized the skincare industry and is pushing brands to do better!
I actually love The Ordinary’s Niacinimide under makeup! It controls my oil and gives my makeup a smoother and longer lasting look
This hairstyle suits him so much!
James’  little chuckle after mentioning not re-doing his hair is a mood😂
I’m so confused I use vitamin C on hyperpigmentation and it takes care of it right away. I don’t use anything else.
Are there cheaper product than the ordinary? Retinol from them is 5 bucks while the one from boots is 35 so I will stick to ordinary. Obviously¯\_(ツ)_/¯
this messy hair is doing things to me 🥵
SO helpful as I am at ‘refill time’ on a few products, two of which you mentioned and I’m now not getting because I don’t need what the provider so thank you sir
Love this! More of this style video PLEASE!
I regret buying the ordinary 🥺 I bought a lot from them and no results It was overhyped brand
I must admit I still love Buffet. Have you found an alternative for that that’s better anyone?
Do you use the Ordinary/Inkey niacinamide before or after moisturiser?
Dont forget people as well as topical treatments  I.e on the skin, diet and the internal help boost results. So the morning drink loads of water, make it interesting by drinking herbal teas got or cold for flavour and like mum says fruit and veg. Try and eat more than three colours daily in your fruit and veg e g  red, green, yellow etc and dont overcook In this season in the UK eat more dark berries
you just go richer , lol
First of all Mr Welsh....  shaaat it (cockney accent, Brits will get this). Shut up! You look bloody amazing. You seriously  dont want to see me early morning after a run( when I can be bothered, especially  in this weather)! You look flipping  amazing! Secondly I love your honesty about your non biased opinions on the brand, of course everyone is different  in terms of the results from product especially in this season, skin peels, retinol and vitamin c. It's not just about buy and apply but also and understanding of what to combine with, concentration of said product and when to use.  Thirdly (if that's a word), you've gained a new subscriber and  Four ..you've opened my eyes to a new brand  Well done and keep it up love your energy and with what I have in mind would love to collaborate on a project.  Love and light and have a blessed and productive day gorgeous!
Can I just say your voice is so soothing? It takes all my anxieties away hahahaha
I had been looking at The Ordinary recently and your video popped up in my feed, which is wonderful because I'm a skincare novice. The Ordinary is definitely within my budget at the moment (thanks Covid) so I know that you have made some switches but I was hoping to get some pointers on which order to use some of the products and what anyone would recommend starting with. I have very pink/red skin which really dry cheeks, nose and forehead but oily chin and temples which is usually where I break out when it happens. I'm also ginger so true to nature my skin is very sensitive. To add to that I live in a very dry cold climate but with high sun exposure. Honestly any help would be so appreciated. Skin care is so overwhelming.
The second I saw your Loona lightstick I hit subscribe
I love love love the 7% glycolic acid from the ordinary.
The inkey list actually does have an alpha arbutin serum available, and idk about seeing it in Sephoras in other countries but it's definitely on the USA Sephora website
I'd love to know how you treat the skin under your beard hair. My boyfriend gets a lot of break outs in his beard line. I use a lot of actives but is that safe?
I use inkey hydrolic acid to moisturize
Do you still derma roll @home? Yes or No? The world wants to know😂🎤...
Hahaha I got nervous there for a bit. Im a big fan of The Ordinary bc it is the only brand that worked for my acne prone skin. Good thing most are just preferential reasons and not really serious issues. Still, I love this video :)
I totally get what you mean about formulation. For my budget, their hyaluronic acid+ b12 is one of my holy grail items, my dry dry skin genuinely needs it in addition to my other products. But I did have to figure how best to use it to avoid pilling when applying other products on top of it. I mix it into my moisturizer now and the consistency is so much better (honestly it solved texture issues with my favorite moisturizer that way too.) I know there are equally good hyaluronic acid products out there with better formulation, just none I've found in budget.  I also love their glycolic acid toner for my exfoliation days.
These youtubes need to stop promoting so much niacinimiade 😩 almost everybody I know breaks out because of this product. For me even a very small percentage will break me out. And it’s nog purging trust me
Inkey List sounded great but expectations fell flat.
i have such issues with redness but combo skin so its a pain to balance lol xxx
Alot of TO product just didn't work for me. :(
Love your videos! I have rosacea sensitive skin so I hope one of these products work ❤️
I always stay away from dimethicone and silicones in my skincare.. AND primers. I can’t stand it. The guerlain L’Or gold primer is AMAZING. It’s super expensive tho.. $70. But it lasted me over a year of doing my make up every day.
Hey James, did using niacinamide help you with your rosacea too? Please reply. I have been extremely apprehensive in adding niacinamide to my skin care because of my rosacea flare up and there isn’t much data available on the internet explaining if niacinamide can help with rosacea. Want to know your experience! Please reply!
I  still use the  hyaluronic acid and matrixyl from the ordinary but  I’ve moved on to krave beauty 🥰
Could you please explain the difference between DEHYDRATED skin and OIL DRY skin?
Has anyone tried their glycolic acid for lightening underarms?
I need to see someone talk about Full, Specific product in order Routines because I have No idea how to start having a routine 😩 I just use a scrub every now and then and trial different moisturisers after a shower. Help!
I'm older than many posters seem to be and The Ordinary is wonderful for post-menopause skin care. The alpha arbutin has really faded much of my sun damage and some scars from a chemical burn. I'm sensitive/allergic to squalane, so I can't speak to any of their products that have that. I don't care for the Vitamin C in suspension; it takes hours to soak in, even on my dry skin. Great video BTW, it's useful to have alternatives. You never know when something is going to be sold out or worse - reformulated!
tez używam tego co ty /szymek brat
I absolutely love their natural moisturising factors +HA. It saved my skin! My skin has never been softer!
I did feel like my skin was okay with the ordinary I feel like it didn’t clean my skin i would still get impurity’s not that great of results I expected more from it since everyone is bragging about it it’s not what it should be doesnt do much it gives a layer on the skin doesn’t sink into the skin it keeps you very shiny and the face still gets oily not happy about it was a waste of money for me
👋🏻 hey mimikyu
hi! can a 14 year old teen use the the ordinary 10%  niacinamide and 1% zinc serum? thank u :)
Would love to know your preventative measures for keeping acne at bay! Love ❤️
One thing that helped my skin was black African soap and Shea butter !!  I had done tried Mary Kay, clean n clear, neutrgena, curology, cerave, the ordinary... nothing seemed to work. Only thing that helped my skin was prescription pills and cream from the doctor, and even then I would still get breakouts around my jaw and still had hyperpigmentation from breakouts that I had months ago. I bought the black African soap and Shea butter and I’ve only been doing it for 2 weeks and my skin is doing great!! I reduced my skincare routine to this : Cetaphil gentle cleanser, SPF every day! , and Shea butter as my moisturizer. I wash my face 3 times a week with the black African soap and I do the Aztec healing clay mask once every 2 weeks. Ever since I started using lest products, my skin has been happier. Only thing I wanna add to my skincare routine is retinol and rosehip seed oil... but that’s abt it. I wish I hadn’t spent so much money all the other products :( but at least I found what works for me now.
My first The Inkey List product the hyaluronic acid actually didn’t work for me
I like the Buffet and will continue to use.  My skin can’t tolerate the Niacinimide and Zinc.  I have stopped using their oils and only used the Caffeine product once not realising it was more of a temporary solution.  I don’t like tacky, and am finding that same issue with Pyunkang Yul moisture ampoule along with sensitivity.  Thanks for the recommendation on PC AA booster and Jordan Samuel Skin.  Have been considering trying a PHA and it sounds like Jordan Samuel Skin will be perfect for my dry skin.
“Please excuse my appearance” pls mate you always look good lol
Me: oh wow James is looking cute. James: I apologize for my shotty appearance. Me: ???
Have you looked into naturium? What are your thoughts on their products
Please show us your dog!
Regarding The Ordinary's Niacinmide, foaming occurs when there's any water on the skin. Hope this help for anyone having this problem :)
*Why I stopped dong use the ordinary anymore:*       Me after still waiting for mine to ship after 3 months bc it wasn’t in my country and I just got my relative to buy it: 👁👄👁 ah sheet here we go again
we definitely  need a vid about skincare for rosacea  ! , love you james , always helpin me out with my skin
Finally someone on my side!!
hey James, I've been looking for a new SPF product on the cheaper side that's easy to get in the UK as I find some of the Korean ones I get are usually sold out. an updated list of sunscreens that are budget-friendly and easy to get hold of would be amazing! I've been looking at the Inkey List daily SPF 30 but can't seem to find much in terms of reviews. I have acne-prone skin so finding an SPF that doesn't break me out is a task and a half
I use Hada Labo Lotion in Moist [white bottle], TO Niacinamide, TO Glycolic Acide, TO AHA-BHA [once a week for now] & CeraVe Moisturizer. I use Clinique Moisture Surge sometimes too but it's REALLY expensive & I need to find an alternative SOON!
I've heard good things about BeautyBay's soothing serum, and it has both niacinamide and zinc like the ordinary, I'd love to hear your opinion on it! The Ordinary niacinamide broke me out a lot, the inkey list has worked thus far, but the zinc was something I really wanted to try, so the soothing serum seems very interesting
Started using them and love them.. face has never been cleaner... I love drunk elephant but if you read the products in them... people buy high end when there are products out there made the same.. but high end charges more..
The Ordinary will always remain the OG for me.  However I’m okay with branching out.  What I will not do is spend a fortune on skin care ever again now that I know how unnecessary it really is
The skin peel from The ordinary is great..but not around the nose area..irritates my skin.  Really happy i found this channel..you are very clear and informative..passing you on to my daughter...and my  friends we are all over 50..can u make a video for older skin and what are the best products please? Many thanks.sarah x
I wasn’t impressed, Their alpha Arbutin heats in my hands and smells so bad.. the red exfoliating thingy did nothing
Best use fr ordinary is night time  for m  .i love their products
I love the hyaluronic acid serum.  I have very dry skin and I live in Florida so I need all the hydration I can get.  I use just a little and then follow it up with the Tatcha Water Cream.  I've had no problem putting on makeup after and my skin feels great all day.
I was like - ooo, his hair looks different and really cool in this video. James - I got caught in rain. I'm like - you should do it more often :D
Hi James! Been a fan for a couple of months now, and i just wanna say I appreciate what you are doing for the skin care community!! Keeping me thriving for better skin always! I was wondering though, if you could  possibly make a video (maybe with Hyram as well!) on specific ingredients for certain skin care needs. So instead of specific products, it would be a list of ingredients good for oily skin,  list of ingredients good for dry skin, list of ingredients good for textured skin etc.. as a beginner to skin care it's very confusing with all the quite brief comments about ingredients on products. I just feel specific videos on ingredients only would be very beneficial. Thank you!
Everyone hates TO's Azeliac Acid texture but I kinda love it and how it feels on my skin, feel like a weirdo 🤣
the ordinary is soooo veryyyy expensive in my country, ugh. I'd like to try at least
Last year I bought the ordinary niacinamide and got such a severe reaction. It took me an year to recover my skin. Since then didn't buy the ordinary again  though I had the caffeine eye cream but never got to use it.
Instead the normal HA from the Ordinary I use the marine HA from them, I like it a lot better then the normal one :)
The B oil from the Ordinary is an absolutely "must" for me, but almost no one uses oils on their skin care routine nowadays.
I used the niacinamide serum, it does great controlling sebum production, though, it does get tricky when I use sunscreen on top of it, I can't use anything with aloe, it burns 😭
😭😭😭 I wish you posted this last month I bought so much ordinary
I like their Glycolic Acid 8% toner! I like other products like antioxidants and niacinamide, though I always mix those with my Korean skincare products - never had tackiness or peeling situations.
I keep hearing that tacky feeling or trouble settling about their Niacinamide, but i have the opposite problem. I have to apply it so fast because within 10 seconds its gone. My skin soaked it all up!
I don't even know why this is on my recommend because I don't really do anything to my skin
What works for you may not work for all. Each individual has to know their skin and how it works. Your suggested Scented products can  increase sensitivity, but use what works for you. I know the ordinary isn't perfect but the right combinations are powerful. Less is more in this case. ( less ingredients used slowly, provide smart and more beneficial results)
The Ordinary works for me and it’s vegan,my skin loves it. I also use Paula’s Choice , I just can’t risk it and breakout from trying a new skincare line. My bf always asks me if I’m wearing makeup when I am completely bare faced.
I really love the aha bha exfoliant from the ordinary! and i just got the hyaluronic acid serum, and the texture is really bad, i regret buying that. I prefer ther Klairs Rich Moist Soothing Serum way more and i need to get a new one! Anyway thankyou for making this video.
i havent watched james videos in a while O: the new hairstyle looks so cute!!
the hair is suuper cute!!!!
I started using the niacinamide because I heard great things and it sounded exactly like what I needed but I’ve noticed zero difference :( can’t find anything to fix my skin since I got an iud.  Edit: I feel like I’ve seen that this is good for all skin types but if it’s for oily then maybe that’s my problem? I have normal/dry skin but my forehead and chin are always covered in blackheads and just... sebum bumps? Sigh.
People need to start watching qualified dermatologists on YouTube and not influencers. It's nice to have an opinion from someone though. Use actives at night, not in the morning. Use only what you need, and research how to layer products. The ordinary is a great brand!
You look gorgeous with this hairstyle though... 🥰
I’d be interested in you reviewing war paint for men
I cannot live without the toner but it's never in stock. Are there any great alternatives?
Another very informative video from James 😉👍 thank you for uploading these vids for us James
Can't find arbutin for my mum anymore! Almost everything is out of stock!
Loona!!!!
I don’t get that tacky feeling or pilling from any of the ordinary products but then I only use two drops of their serums which is more than enough to cover my face
I have sensitive skin my T zone area are really oily so I'm planning to buy ordinary products  can someone suggested me which one is best for me ?☹️
Australia sells AZCLEAR - 20% Azelaic Acid for under $15. Not sure if sold overseas?
The way you feel about the azelaic acid is exactly how I feel about their vitamin c product. It's grainy and doesn't feel so great on the skin, but I love the results!
Friendship ended with The Ordinary, now The Inkey List is my best friend
Stan LOONA🔥🔥🔥
i will never understand the point of feeling the need to express negativity of fine products such as the ordinary.  I was raised, if one does not have anything nice to say, then say nothing. why not just focus on promoting support and positivity instead of comparing and be derogatory. Price does not necessarily reflect quality.
The ordinary HA feels like a really cheap lube to me 😂
It’s weird you say the ordinary as azalayic acid makes your skin feel dry, it makes mine feel hydrated! lol but I have dry skin so maybe that’s why
Am I the only one who never had a problem with the Niacinamide from The ordinary? 🤔
I love their salicylic acid and hyaluronic acid + B5 serums! They're affordable and work so no complaints from a broke college student ahah.  I appreciate that there aren't filler ingredients in The Ordinary's products, too.
What's the value of using a topical niacinamide versus just taking it orally?
When The Ordinary became a thing and people were rushing to buy the Hyaluronic Acid serum, I was chuckling as I applied my Hada Labo Gokujyun premium serum. For basically the same price you get 170ml (6x the amount!!!!!). A bottle lasts me several months because I only need a couple of drops. I use it on my lips too when they are chapped and upset. I just really feel like Eastern product formulations are just so ahead of the game. I’ve been using Hada Labo products for almost 7 years now?
There was a time when my whole routine was The Ordinary. Now I still love their products and keep them on hand, but it's more for use when I have an acute issue to deal with or if I want an ingredient that isn't in another product I'm using. Like if I usually have niacinamide in my moisturizer but I'm using one without it I'll add a drop of The Ordinary. Or if I wake up looking busted and need to look alive for an early meeting I'll bust out the caffeine serum. I've moved on to more multi-ingredient products and ones that just "feel nicer" when I rub them on my face. But I think The Ordinary will always have a place in my beauty room.
Excuse your appearance? Haha Stop. You are a 10. The hair looks perf.
The ordinary's prices are amazing, but the thing that actually is why I enjoy them is how simple their formulations usually are? My skin is dry, acne-prone, sensitive, reactive and I have eczema so not having scent or a lot of extras works really well for me.
It makes me wanna cry when people say the ordinary or paula's choice are cheap :'( because it is not where I live, on this side of the world
I have the same mimikyu plush
James, I’ve had such a rough few weeks and haven’t been watching much YouTube. Just tuned in today and I have to say, your voice just helped me unwind. Thank you!
Funny, first thing I was thinking was "huh, James' hair looks really cute this video!"
I don’t use anything but moisturizer and sunscreen during the day because I can’t stand anything on my face, so I can only use anything when I’m knocked out 😂
Solid The Ordinary fan for 4 yrs 🥰 they paved the way for all companies to compete with their affordable prices
It's the LOONA lightstick in the background for me
Can you do a video on fungal acne? Or have you already? I guess I should go check after this,  I’ve been struggling with breakouts non stop since I was 12, I’m 30 now. It’s not severe but just consistent and so frustrating. I know I’ll get some flak from some people but I used Proactiv back in the day and it worked ok (actually great for the time thst I upgraded from their 3pc to 5pc set bc it better controlled my oil and kept me hydrated as the 3pc set just dries you up- it has NO moisturizer to anyone still on it that doesn’t realize the medicated lotion isn’t a moisturizer, took me years to figure that out lol) but proactiv is too pricey now and they switched formulas so I’m using a variety of products now but always try to incorporate at BPO spot treatment (I only like SA for blackheads, doesn’t seem to work as well on my whiteheads). I use the Ordinary Niacinamide serum too, in hopes it’ll help with my blemish issues too. And I have Murads SA cleanser once a day and I double cleanse at night. I only use non comedogenic makeup and watch for ingredients that can be acnegenic (is that not a word ?). Oh I also use oil free moisturizers only, SPF in the AM and a slightly thicker at night but still supposedly not supposed to clog my pores, YET I STILL HAVE THE SAME SKIN ISSUES. I am so diligent at makeup removal and doing my routines, it’s so frustrating! I see other people who barely splash water on their face (my BF) with perfect skin! 😡 what am I doing wrong? I’m starting to question maybe I now have fungal acne as an adult? If so, what’s the best treatment? Or is that something I’d need to go to my dr for?
The ordinary and inkey seems same...i remember some issues  with 'the ordinary brand'...myb some partners created inkey brand 😁,cuz they have same line like that of ordinary brand....hyaluronic+b5 is the best n niacinamide from the ordinary
That's the most useful vid I have ever seen <3 I'm trying to avoid products from estee lauder brands, and I failed on the ordinary products. Thank You so so much!
I am loving my the inkey list product's
😂whoever was having issues with the niacinamide was definitely just using way too much, you only need 2 maybe 3 drops to cover your whole face, you only need a thin layer, yea it’s a smidge tacky but once i have a moisturizer over it it’s not tacky anymore
Stop apologizing for your appearance 😉 we love you! 💕
James: I’m so sorry for how I look, I was out with my dog and got caught in the rain!!!   Me in squidward’s voice: oh no he’s hot 😭😂❤️
sir your skin is smooth and glowing i love it
I just use the niacinimade 10% + zinc under my purito deep sea water cream and it stops the foaming up of the niacinimide. I think its because the purito uses 2% niacinimide
U look handsome
I love love love the Niacinamide 10% + 1% zinc serum.  I had a lot of discoloured and bumpy skin on cheeks from acne scarring.  Within 1 month of use the condition of my cheeks is about %50 improved.
which Siknwhitnig crem  best over siken.glow over siken
Excuse me, I love the hair!
I love some of my The Ordinary products so when I saw this I panicked thinking it was gonna be tea. Thank god 😂
I tried both the Niacinamide serum and the Azaleic acid from the Ordinary and my skin hated both of them. As soon as i put it on my face, my face went red and i had tiny red bumps on my cheeks.... I have sensitive, dry skin so I tend to exfoliate with an enzyme mask and my skin seems to be fine with that so i actually expected the Azaleic acid to much more gentle
I don’t know why but my skin doesn’t like the ordinary. I have tried most of its products and my skin always breaks out. I really wanted to love it because is so affordable, but skin just doesn’t.
I replaced Ordinary with Good Molecules and am quite happy. Good prices, good formulas and not tacky.
I just stumbled upon this video, first of all great content love it. I just need help with my oily acne skin plus sensitive skin. What products do you recommend I use. Cause I’m so done with experimenting with my skin and ruining it even more cause 😩😭 ya girl struggling here.
I noticed i started getting millia on forehead after using niacinimade for like 2 weeks
Wow I have never had an issue with the ordinary nicidamide serum and I wear it under sunscreen and makeup all the time
Please can we get a face theory review!
I definitely agree that if you use too much of The Ordinarys Niacinamide it can form up and so thats why I go in with a few drops instead and that helps with the tacky skin problem
Have you used facetheory products? Can you do a review of some of their products?
Stop it, you always have great hair! Sexy 😘 The hoodie makes it a look, honestly 👌
Do you guys think the paula's choice 10% azelaic acid will reduce my nose redness? I always have redness around my nose and even if I colour-correct during the day will show up anyway... especially now, that I need to wear a mask all the time for work. Any help will be appreciated!❤
James you have to give Geek&Gorgeous a try!!! It's my alternative to TO, and it's also very affordable, much like The Inkeylist. I fell in love with the brand!!
Hi James loved the video! I have a question about glycerin, I saw in another persons video that said you should try to avoid glycerin because as much as it draws in moisture from outside of the skin it equally draws it from within your skin so overtime your skin becomes dryer. They said this is why sometimes we try new products that feel amazing for the first week or two (make the skin feel super soft) and then just feel like they’re no longer working and our skin feels dry again. This video was a few years old if I remember correctly so just wondering if you knew if it is true? Thanks x
i needed this video, every ordinary product i used up is sold out right now everywhere it’s insane especially the peeling solution UGH it’s been months lmao
You know what James, you're absolutely right. I feel that I've started with the ordinary but my skin has moved on and I need something else. The ORdinary is very base of the base.
James do you ever feel like when you see something wrong happening on your skin you just cannot understand which ingredient in which product did that because that can be so confusing considering the number of products you change aren’t you scared like legit anything can happen to your skin and you won’t know what triggered it?
I'm going to try the inkey list once I finish my current products. They are so affordable....I didn't know..
You’ve come a long way since our days at Top Man
I have the same relationship with the azelaic acid. I use it at night and I absolutely love the way my skin looks the morning after. But the smell, the texture while applying it ughhh i dislike that.
My korean friends recommend 2Sol as an alt for the ordinary which so far I have loved especially their silky moisture ampule and the chop chop toner.
I got scared 😅 I thought you'll say it wasn't good for skin and since I bought a few products you talked about which are affordable, I know if you said don't use, I would have stopped but thank you 🙏 I need alternatives as it's getting expensive here since the lockdown but unfortunately we don't get everything here as well and most websites now aren't shipping to Mauritius.
James, what are the 'drying spot treatments' we should steer clear of in order to prevent PIH? I cannot think of anything other than Benzoyl Peroxide.
James needs to stop apologizing for his appearance. What did you think?
Shame on you if you can't answer thss....
Two words: Good Molecules. Their Niacinamide Serum has really improved my skin💖
I've tried quite a few things from the ordinary and even though it's cheap, I feel like I've wasted so much money because I still haven't found a product I like by them
I had to move on from TO because everything was always sold out no matter where I looked. Wanna check out the inkey list soon.
So, what have you moved onto? I would love to know because I too am looking for more products to add to my simple skincare
THE LOONA LIGHTSTICK SADJHKFDLJHASDVFLJAGAJ
Honestly one of the best YouTube pages I follow. Huge fan from Australia you’re amazing! Your videos aren’t a drainer and you’re straight to the point ect love it.
this was what sara yara’s point was in her review. she just maybe didn’t convey it in the right way
It’s great that you’ve been able to find what works better for you. I’m 100% with spending more when I’ve had proven results with an affordable brand. My only issues with the Ordinary are they are either sold out or just not available here in Canada.
Your hair looks nice James!
The ordinary has done amazing things to my skin so I am sucked in and do not plan on moving on.
i actually like this look on you haha
❤️
I really love the Vitamin C + Alpha Arbutin.  Mostly because my hyperpigmentation is sun spots and I am nearly 50 so it is much harder for those to fade with other products.  Plus I am cheap and I like to keep my products inexpensive.
Instead of The Ordinary's AHA/BHA Peeling I use Pacifica Clean Shot AHA/BHA 25% Peel and I prefer it--it is gentler so I can use it more often!!
Your hair is amazing in this!
not the loona intro music 😍
Me: I love your hair  James: please excuse my appearance!!  😂😂😂😂
You should try a 1:4 ratio of apple cider vinegar and rose water twice a day... It got rid of my acne and dark spots in like a week and a half.
I guess I’m the only one who doesn’t mind tacky feeling skin😝
The outter corners of my mouth always seem so dry like it needs to be exfoliated but then i make it raw. I have terrible wrinkles forming there and idk what to do to help it be hydrated and not gross lmao
This couldn't have come at a better time! I was complaining about TO Niacinamide the night before bcos the texture and smell is almost like glue and the foaming thing did occur when I was spreading it on my skin. It even tingles a little and I'm getting frustrated using it 😅
The ordinary gave me migraines 😣
If you are reading this comment:  BE BLESSED!!!   x1,000,000!!!💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛
I love the ordinary 100% plant derived squalene.  I'm trying their niacinamide but i am not sure it's doing great things,  i need some niacinamide recommendations please
Hey James, does it make sense that the Ordinary Niacinamide gives me wrinkles?!
Lol! I was like, "Omg, I love that hairstyle," then he's all like, yeah, I got stuck in the rain... My hair does not look like that when I get stuck in the rain.
Alright quick lesson. God made you as who you are and so as he made you a male you should follow that role and not break up in all these bullshit genders. My point is if you're becoming or are un-natural sex please consider as most people see you as a joke and so you have also left your true body to become someone else this is all my opinion. Go ahead hit me up 12 year old billie elish listeners.
I used the Granactive retinoid from the Ordinary.  I usually buy from Beauty Bay. I can't find it now, i can't use the other ones with Squalane, its just irritating to my eyes, no matter how far away it is from my eyes.   love the Ordinary Niacinamide.  No issues at all.  New subby glad you are in the UK.Thankyou for this. xxx 💕❤💞🐕🐾🐾
You didn't have to dry off for us...😉
ヽ(´▽｀)/ I agree, The Ordinary got me excited about ingredients and then we kinda advance to more elegant formulations ☆彡
I moved from The Ordinary  to Facetheory and I'm so pleased I did. The products are so affordable but way superior to TO! And if you don't like something you can send it back and get a refund
I use revox azelaic acid now, same thing like ordinary but more watery and its easier to apply not dry and silicony like ordinary, but more watery  and light
Just wondering.. do you suffer from migraines . I read that some migraines can be linked to rosacea 😱
I think the ordinary’s price is insane. If you are new to skincare...it is a amazing. If you want something more “subtle,” you do need to pay more. Although their caffeine eye serum is crazy amazing.
Such a soothing way to learn about skin care! Love this channel
I like your hair a bit "messy"! I was thinking how nice it looks and 10 seconds later you start apologizing about your appearance..
Hi James, could you possibly create a video on the best foundations that are actually 'skin caring' products (moisturising, without Denat. Alc. or fragrance, etc.) In collaboration with your brother, obviously, please? I'm oily but recently been having an awful time with dehydrated, paper wrinkled, irritated skin (literally to the point where applying pure niacinamide serum stings!). Seems like a perfect opportunity to bring the expertise of "the Twins" together xx
That Niacinamide from The Ordinary f*cked up my skin. It stung and dried the sides of my nose to the point that it was flaking. Couldn't use it either on my neck. Checked the ingredients and saw that there's tamarind in it, which was probably what was causing the reaction. I find it weird that no one mentions the tamarind in that Niacinamide thing.
Thank you. I love you James❤️
I’ve loved every single thing I’ve tried from the Ordinary (and I’ve tried loads), except for their Vit C and caffeine solution. Everything else has given the me best skin of my life.  I can’t live without their glycolic acid, salicylic acid, niacinamide, HA, rose hip oil, buffet, azelaic. I’m glad these work for me because they allow me to experiment without breaking the bank.
I really need someone to talk about scalps, specifically scalp care and products to use.
Where were you when I was in my teens 😫lol I’m now nearly 31 and because of you and Hyram I am now taking my skin care routine very seriously and my skin has never looked better! ❤️
Can anyone point me in the direction for purchasing korean skin care in australia? Have looked at a few websites but some are up to $50 just in shipping! Happy to pay $$ for good skin care but I could buy a full product for the shipping price!
Purito Buffet Unscented Serum - all in a bottle (Centella 70%, Niacinamide 5%, and Peptides)
I had the same opinion as you regarding their Azaelic acid!!! I cannot live without The Ordinary's caffeine serum for under-eye, and I'm obsessed with their niacinamide too. I love the way it makes my skin look (and feel). As you said, the niacinamide is sold out so often, so I appreciate you providing an alternative! Amazing as always ✨
Arbutin can induce cancer
How do you use the azelaic acid booster from paula's choice?! Do you mix it with anything or just apply it?  I actually was about to repurchase my azelaic acid suspension from the ordinary, but I also dislike the matte dryness. I think it's dreadful! I mix it with a couple drops of rosehip seed oil and use it every day. Much better that way, but I would totally love something that accomplishes the same goal but doesn't dry my skin out! I am a fan of dewy skin, but not oily looking. I have slightly textured skin and that's a big part of why I went to the ordinary, actually. Just starting my skincare journey, really!
Hi James! Love you! Why don't you talk about Naturiam anymore?
You are amazing🙏🌈
Yes you're right! I decided to stop buying hyaluronic acid seruns when I realized that my toner has it, my night cream has it, my day cream, even the mandelic acid from TO has it in there 😂 so yeah, it was kind of pointless wasting money on an extra.  Edit: I absolutely love mandelic acid from TO!
I can NOT live without ascorbic acid + alpha arbutin from the Ordinary!
How often should one use the niacinamide? Every day? Once a week? I dont use it but if it works to even out your skin tone (I have sun spots), I would like to give it a go!
I’m still loyal to the ordinary because it has changed my skin for the better continues to do so. Also the cheaper alternatives are still more expensive in Canada. I wish Inkey List was at a comparable price!
i just bought some products and i saw this recommended when i tell you I BLINKED
I love the "new brand" Face Theory, for their formulations better than The Ordinary, lightweight. Can you make a review of Face Theory James ? Please 🥰
Well this is something
Hey James! I am from India and there is an Indian skincare brand SUGANDA that is being called as an Indian dupe for ordinary brand. Your Indian audience would loveee it if you make a review on the suganda products!! https://suganda.co/
Boots have started a range of basic serums for about £5 each, would love to see a review of them.
I've been a fan of J and K beauty for years, while in Asia it was so easy to access really good budget brands ( I couldn't splurge as a poor poor student :D ). I got back in Europe and the choice of K/J beauty is not as big, ordering online is quite expensive as well, plus everyone around me loved The Ordinary and Daytox, so I tried to like them too. I got quite a few items to try and... I'm at this point where I can't tell if the products work or not 🙄 I'm not sure if this makes sense, my skin does not show any improvement or any amazing results, it's just meh. Plus it's so sensitive I get breakouts just by thinking of a tonner, let alone using one.
The Niacidimide Zinc serum dried out my skin and irritated it a lot. Hated it.
Marco is jealous of you.
I looove Paula's choice azelaic acid booster. It works really well, best azelaic acid products i’ve used so far. used the ordinary before and also experience the love hate relationship lol
(Sees title)  (Glances over at full shelf of ordinary product)  👁👄👁
I like some of the ordinary products, but the things I want are never in stock.
I feel like glycerin is so overlooked, like you said. I get skin irritation from HA-overload. But glycerin, on the other hand, is totally in-offensive and can't do much harm (in my experience and research). It's just so much nicer and doesn't leave my skin dry and itchy like HA tends to. I always go for glycerin products! I guess it doesn't sound as fancy but it works!
😳was surprised by the title but agree the alternatives are rounded, elegant formula’s ! Though due to price, the  ordinary always wins hands down for those people who wish to purchase their actives in a simple way which is also fragrance free!
Finally! Someone had to say it!!!
When I opened this video I couldn’t stop thinking about how great you look... then you said excuse how I look?? Boyyyy if you don’t
Your hair though!!!!!! 🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤
James have you tried kate somerville? Its the first system that actually works on my Skin
Thanks alot James. I was going to buy the ordinary serums and stuff.
I was actually going to say that I liked your new hairstyle before you apologized for it😂
I really like Superdrug Me+ Niacinamide & Zinc Booster 30ml £5.99. It's so much nicer than The Ordinary. Sinks into my skin so quick. No Stickiness! I also love Superdrug Me+ Tranexamic Acid Booster 30ml £8.99. Sinks Straight Into Skin! I already had The Inkey List Tranexamic Acid, but it's very thick. So I use Superdrug Tranexamic Acid as my serum and The Inkey List Tranexamic Acid as my cream. I was going to buy The Inkey List Bakuchiol, but I think it would be way to oily for my skin. So I bought Boots Ingredients Bakuchiol Serum 30ml £7.00. It's a lovely serum. Sinks in very quick. No Stickiness or Oiliness! I really love The Inkey List PHA Toner. Fantastic for keeping me acne free. And I like there Oat Cleansing Balm. However, I only use it at night as part of a double cleans. As It make my eyes extremely blurry until the next morning. But I love it so much I still use it.
Good for you 🙄🙄🙄
Ordinary's niacinamide has to be applied to with slightly wet hands and then it is a dream.
Do you know a alternative to the the ordinary aha + bha acid  since it its sold out for months already :(
I've been using the inky list for a year and all of a sudden all of Canada is sold out of it, so I had to get the ordinary off Amazon and I'm so scared 😭
Have you tried any products from  Revox?  Love you
You are trending in the U.S! #50💖
I love the ordinary and the inky list, prefer the inky list. Nothing wrong with the ordinary but the inky list works just as well.
I have rosacea too and I really don't know what to do, please share any options, love you 💜
My skin doesnt like hyaluronic acid and it has been a JOB to find products without....
I have not been able to find a lot from The Ordinary that works for me. The Inkey List has been a great alternative for me though!
classifies objects
Omg get you Freddie Mercury with your left-hand black nails ;)) (his trademark in his early days, from one icon to another)
Honey wtf You are #trending!!!! I'm so happy!!
I see loona's Light stick în The background :)) A King listening to a girl group full of queens!
I won't stop using The Ordinary. I've never found anything that works on my skin better than the 1% retinol in squalane, for instance, and they make the ingredients I use to make my own "Buffet." Of course I supplement them with other products, but they will always be the basis of my skin routine. You just have to put the work in, find out what works for you and what doesn't, and do a bit of research. But when it includes checking out your channel, that's a plus!
i want to the try paulas choice Azelaic Acid Booster but  i don't know if it would play well with the other exfoliants i have like the aha/bha from the ordinary
haha, i am watching this right now, while i look at my the ordinary order, that came in today XD
Im right there with u. I also switch to the Inklist.
Naturiums Alpha Arbutin Serum and Essence are amazing as an alternative to TO 💖
I got a chemical burn today and I’ve no idea why. I did my skincare as normal that has always worked for me and been really good and gentle for my skin. I literally have no idea why I didn’t change any of my skin routine
I just started using The Ordinary because of Hyram. Then I saw this and it really just went conflict of interest for me😂
When I heard him say that some people felt a foaming and tacky feeling with the ordinary niacinamide I felt reassured. I thought it was happening to me only or that I was applying it incorrectly. James ❤️
Thanks James for this video.
Where would I put the inkey list niacinamide in my skincare routine? I usually cleanse, moisturise, sunscreen then make up in the morning , then double cleanse, tone, moisturise at night. I want it to help with pigmentation x
Great 😒 I just ordered ordinary products
You look SO cute!! 😍
Chungha light AND Girl Front intro??? omg Kpop dad 🥰🥰
How come you never talk about naturium anymore?  The controversy at the launch?
I still love the buffet peptide serum, but I am in my mid 40's and it makes sense for me to like peptides ;) I also like their moisturizer when my skin is feeling particularly dry, it is nice and occlusive without being overly heavy.  I am finishing up the niacinimide, it's ok,  it does do that foaming thing you mentioned and I don't prefer that myself, I'll have to try something else. I am not thinking I want to pay  Paula's Choice prices though.
I like your hair! I think it's a fresh look. When can we see your puppy again? I enjoy your channel. Thanks
I love your "messy" hair, kind of looks hot 😁
how you r so flawless??😮😑
I really liked your approach in this video! I love the ordinary because it’s the perfect affordable brand that lets you try out ingredients without having to sacrifice an arm and a leg first. I also now “graduated” to a few nicer products but I still recommend and buy the Ordinary whenever it feels right.  Also, is it possible that I’m just reacting to the formulation of the ordinary’s niacinamide? I’ve been wondering if my skin just doesn’t do well with niacinamide at all but now that you mentioned the formulation not working well for everyone, I’m not sure...
So so happy to see Jordan Samuel getting some love! His cleansers are just out of this world and I have no idea why more people aren’t talking about the products!!
It's funny because I was shopping at Sephora a few days ago and while waiting at the cashier line I saw the inkey list niacinamide cream and thought ' my skincare is basic and James always talks about this ingredient maybe it will do some good to my skin' so I gave it a shot and bought it, now he's talking about it in this video and I'm happy I bought it! Really my skin is much smoother after only a few days of using it and I feel like it is less red and irritated :) thank you James
Maybe you should try and do a video on different Deciem brands? The Ordinary is the simplest, most affordable one but they have something more fancy too, browse it out : )
Intelligent content and such good voice! I can hear you for hours, man!
Has anyone experienced breakouts with The Ordinary Niacinamide + Zinc serum?  I used it for a month and my skin was breaking out, I'm talking about 15 active pimples at one go, on my cheeks & forehead, leaving acne scars now that I've completely cut it out of my routine (I used to have max 3 hormonal pimples at one go due to that time of the month).   FYI I do not use Vit C with Niacinamide. It's just hada labo cleanser, SKII FTE, TO niacinamide & cerave moisturizer. Can someone recommend other more gentle products to help fade red acne scars?
https://youtu.be/ZV26RUKoVWs
Hi James, Have you tried any products from Good Molecules? I like their cleansing balm and toner. I think they are a similar brand to The Ordinary.
Great video! I use buffet and coffeine solution from the ordinary and I'll definitely try Inkeys niacinamide :) I can recommend a dupe that I found - 10% azelaic acid serum from Bielenda Professional it's a Polish brand but I'm sure it's easy to find in the UK and much cheaper than Paula's choice :)
I much prefer the naturium niacinamide serum plus zinc. Feels lovely, not that expensive, and has really improved my oily skin!
Duhhh Niacinamide + zinc 😊
Wow. I was actually thinking how good you looked all over (especially skin) before you said that about yourself. You're beautiful!
Ulta has great alternative brands like The Revolution and I think is called Fresh Ray or something. It has very similar price points and similar variations in formula.
i love TO niacinamide as well as alpha arbutin! they worked so beautifully on my PIH :) right now im trying out their retinol so fingers crossed 🤞 btw it's funny when TO is so affordable in the west, but in my country we buy it from resellers so the price doubles/triples so it's quite pricey 💔 same with korean skincare products :(
Even when James says he looks a "mess", he looks good/hot, we all should have that problem 😉😉
Could you do a video update for supplements for skin? I just went to a dermatologist and recommended me probiotics... I will tell the changes here in a month guys 👁️👄👁️
Shoddy appearance? I was initially like wow James looks particularly cute today 😅!
I always wondered why hyaluronic acid was so hyped up when glycerine does the same job, is cheap and is a basic in most moisturizers and you mentioned exactly that
I totally agree with The Ordinary being a starter brand. You get see what ingredients work and dont work then move on to better products with better formulations.
Ruruberry Niacinamide 10%+ HA 😂 (issa newly launched brand tho) but it does have vitamin C in it
The ordinary is great for basic things! I really love their serums!! Especially their niacinamide because it works for my skin. Other ones are not okay with my skin?? I found that it’s best applied with a face roller and under moisturizer. Maybe people already do that idk
I literally bought some the ordinary stuff like an hour ago and then I find this video
I have bought 2 products from the ordinary, but I found both of them to leave me sticky and tacky even with moisturizer on top when other products dont seem to do this. I'll definitely try using 2-3 drops instead of using an alternative. Thank you for the tip, James!
I was going to sleep, but I love you too much hahahaahha
They are always out of products anyway. Getting the retinol products or the 100ml moisturizer is next to impossible. Its annoying
Me applying my The Ordinary serum and seeing this video pop up 👁👄👁
Really happy with some of their products (usually just additions to my mainly Korean skincare routine including though their Niacinamide serum which my skin loves) but their hyaluronic acid is the worst, pills no matter what, and their moisturizer (which also has HA) is pretty thick/uncomfortable for a product that also doesn't hydrate well at all either. I'm also dissapointed that the brand introduced those mix-it-yourself L-ascorbic and Niacinamide powders which I think can be super dangerous (Lab Muffin did an amazing video on it). Other than that, The Ordinary is way more affordable than other brands you mentioned here in Canada so it'll always be a go to for a couple of things and trying certain things that won't break the budget.
OH MY GOD JAMES I JUST NOTICED THE BYULRANGBONG AT THE BACK!!!!!!!!! So happy that you support my queen Chungha 🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
Revox B77 "Just" range is a cheaper version of TO, my go to products are all theirs 🥰
In Turkey the Ordinary is like 40 dollars 🥺
I've tried the Inkey List Retinol, but absolutely prefer The Ordinary's granactive retinoid in squalane. When all my current retinol products are used up, I'm scaling up to using a313.
The ordinary (deciem) is now owned by estee Lauder group too 👎🏻
I wonder when you or Hyram will start talking about Naturium, are you planning to never talk about the brand?
Beta Glucan instead of HA.... wow what a difference in my skin's hydration!! The Iunik Beta Glucan serum is just amazing, will never buy another HA serum ever
Naturium 12 percent Niacinamide with Zinc 2 percent is the true God/holy grail. Try it over the Inkey.
the ordinary niacinamide and zinc serum trick - i was using the niacinamide serum somewhat wrong - i wasn't sure if it was too much or too less. But what has been helped at the end was two drops! I see people using 3-4 drops by massaging it and I suggest tapping. I would use one drop on my entire face and the other for the many zits i had after the first layer dried off. But that's when I had a lot of zits. Then I realized, how about I just do the spot treatment and then spread whatever is left on the rest of my face (i break out everywhere). Anyways it's been a month ish and my skin is much better. Method of application is very important with this serum, i wish i didnt use too much a the beginning cos I'm halfway through the bottle... Now I'm using one drop only during the night, maybe I'd use another drop if my skin gets bad again, I'll pray it doesn't.
me watching this video while waiting for my oder from the ordinary that will arrive today: 😭
I remember it being mentioned somewhere to use acids on damp skin (not retinol), is that true or am I just crazy? Lol
At this point James should talk about nails as well, his manicure is on point at all times 💅
I prefer cosrx and klairs products i find any of the ordinary serums or serums in general make me break out badly even hyrulonic acid
TO is especially great as an introduction to actives in skincare. Gives you the opportunity to test out a bunch of stuff at a really reasonable price and then decide what actives you want to continue exploring.   Im personally thrilled TO works so well for my skin - was spending about $500 every 3 months on products and now im spending about $100 with better results.
I use the azelaic acid on damp skin and not only does it absorb better it isn't thick and and very spreadable, plus a little goes a long way. I use the niacinamide and things really ball up on top of it, but I just let it sit for a few minutes
Thank you James, it was very informative! I am pretty sure that we are using very different products as I have a dry/sensitive skin. I had perioral dermatitis for few years and I got rid of it when I started to use the Ordinary just the last winter before Covid-19. I used Azaleic acid (dermatologist prescription) for few months, but a little red bumps kept coming back. Then I heard about this "magic and natural cream" from UK (I live in Sweden) from Lyonsleaf Zink and calendula cream. It's really magical-I can confirm that my dermatitis disappeared! After that I "went crazy" with The Ordinary products and bought like 10, because I wanted to try a while ago and I couldn't. That was my first time to use chemical peeling in form of Lactic acid 10% (love the glow after), Glycolic acid 7% wasn't for me, my skin was dry and itchy after, their moisturizer as well, same problems-not enough moisture for me or a citric oils irritation. When I bought another bottle of Lactic acid 10%, it felt nothing like first one! It was very crazy to me, this one was more drying, it felt like stronger as well, I heard about their unstable formulations before...I am still using it, but I am mixing with hyaluronic acid myself. Loved their Resveratrol and ferulic acid, which I amways mixed myself with vit.C and Rose hip seed oil (this oil I really love from them and I will keep it😍). Their vit.C 20% wasn't for me either, I got itchy and red skin problems as a result of it. So I don't know what to say about The Ordinary to be honest. Oh my favorite product is Buffet serum for sure, my skin loves it, I just want to swim in it. 😁🙌 I noticed lately that I am drifting towards Korean skin care products, I bought like 4 serums with snail products, SPF with Centella and Deep sea pure water cream, everything from Purito. Except the waiting time (6 weeks), loved each product. By the way, I am trying SK-II as well, it looks like it's working. 👌
Thank you for this video!! But, I went on inkeylist and the niacinamide is sold out in the U.S! :(
The Buffet Serum!
I use fewer The Ordinary products these days (still love the NMF though), they've been replaced with Inkey List, Geek & Gorgeous, and Garden of Wisdom for me. There are so many affordable, active-led brands these days, The Ordinary really made it possible but they are by no means the only option. Timeless, Facetheory, Good Molecules, and Stratia are the other stand out ones for me.
Hi James! I'm looking to start retinol treatments, I've seen you talk about it a few times but haven't seen any videos specifically about retinol products recommendation and/or alternatives. Would be good to hear your opinion on those! Great fan from Asia by the way! You tips saved my skin from all those years of rollercoaster ride it went through, it's now clear and smooth!
To my (boogie) self the ordinary, too, has become more of a drug store pick up. Nowadays the only product I really get from them is the squalane oil, which I believe is fantastic for its price point. I believe the ordinary formulates it’s product with olive oil rather than they say biossance which is derived from sugar cane. Supposedly, squalane oil derived from sugar cane is more hypoallergenic but to me the product feels and reacts the same. This is coming from someone who is allergic to zinc oxide lol.
He meant he got sponsored by other brands so he will not use The Ordinary anymore 😂
Can I still use the Niacinamide even though I have dry skin and not oily? For dark spots, brighter skin, etc.?
I love your hair!!!!!!! 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
If only the Inkey List Niacinamide wasn’t sold out in Australia 😣
I cannot get the Jordan Samuel serum in Australia 😣
I finally bought an ordinary product for the first time 3 days ago. I got the squalane/ squalene whatever cleanser. Very mediocre. I'm not impressed at all. That will be the last time I get an ordinary product.
A vid for rosacea would be so helpful!💕
I my gosh! This really helped me so much! Not only to see what products to use for my skincare needs. But also to understand what different skincare ingredients/products can be used for. Thank you so much James Welsh! ❤️
Love those kpop intros
i really want to buy the inkey list but they don’t ship to australia :(
THE LOONA LIGHTSTICK IN THE BACKGROUND <3 !!
Their retinol + squalane feels horrrrible
I used to use pretty much all TO products until I discovered Asian skin care lol. I still use the squalane cleanser, buffet serum, and glycolic acid though!
I dread the inkey list gaining as much popularity as the ordinary, I already struggle to get my niacinamide from them when it’s in stock! 😫
I switched to the inkeylist's niacinamide. I started with the ordinary's but the formulation I think is what's giving me  irritation.
I used to work for the brand Deciem (the company that creates The Ordinary) and i’ll say the price point is good but it’s not revolutionary product/formulation wise. And I feel that it has completely messed up people’s brains as to the worth or value of skincare and it’s extremely frustrating. Just because you can get a HA serum for $6 does NOT mean it’s better or equal to another HA serum for $45. People have been brainwashed into thinking that cheap skincare like The ordinary or the Inkey list is the cap of how much that product is worth in general. And that’s not accurate. It’s a great introduction to skincare and seeing what SINGLE ingredients work for your skin. But that’s where it ends. IMO
I'm interested with the inkey list. Been trying to get that for months. But my main concern is that in my country, the inkey list sold for twice or thrice the original price
Could YouTube please stop playing pro-Trump ads before all of these videos?
Hi, can you please review antipodes? Thanks
James, you always look fantastic!! And, I really like your messy hair look. You still make it look bougie.  I look like a street urchin, even when I try to look decent. Lol! Besides, I’m here for your personality and information. You’re my favorite skincare YouTube guru!!
I don't know why, but I don't really trust the ordinary, I feel like they chuck high concentrations of random ingredients in a bottle and use the high percentages as a selling point without explaining how each ingredient works and the potential harm of mixing certain products and ingredients together. Maybe i'm just too skeptical haha
the ordinarys niacinamide burns my skin. glossier's never did. not sure why
Saw that title and was very much concerned. Just started doing a skin care routine for the first time ever and use The Ordinary, mostly due to hearing great things about it and their lower price. But nope nothing to get worried about. Phew.
I'm OBSESSED with the Paula's choice azaleic acid booster. It helps my acne better and faster than anything I've ever tried. I've suffered with acne for fifteen years and NOTHING has helped like this. Plus I'm cursed with dry skin too so it's hard to find good acne products that don't mattify or dry you out. The AA booster really feels like a light moisturizer and is easy to use. Love it SO much.
I quite like the Argireline Solution 10%  and the Marine Hyaluronics,  both from The Ordinary.  They are just like water and disappear almost instantly.   Also, I'm enjoying Revolution 15% Niacinamide!  This, again, has a watery texture. All three products are as "cheap as chips", (I have no idea how much chips are) and they all work with another skincare product.   Happy Days,  🌸🌸
Same I don’t use the ordinary just because I’ve discovered better/ upgraded formulations. But I started there and it’s a great brand to start out with to see if they have any sensitivities
That scary pikachu in the back tho...
have you thought of using naturiums alpha arbutin serum
I can feel hyram steaming up lol
Yes. Prefer Inkey List niacinamide serum over the ordinary
I love the ordinary ascorbic acid 8 + alpha arbutin... bc it’s more rounded than just the arbutin + HA... i lovee love it
When I saw the title I was SO worried that they had done something horrible as a company.
I've only used the Coffee/caffeine product from them for my eyes, which I think have helped a great deal (which is nice since nothing else has done anything for my eyebags). I've only tried one other product  that's about it.
Oh my Lord James!!!!! Your skin is glowing 😭🥺❤
I really like the ordinary because of the price point. I used to think if it was really expensive it must be better. Well, I’m never going to be able to afford certain bougie brands, so I’m grateful I can build a nice regime that doesn’t break the bank. I appreciate your other recommendations.  I do like Paula’s Choice too. I can’t remember which ordinary product it was but it was gritty. There are two versions and I thought oh I I can take a little grit...oh no. This is beyond a bit of grit. Lol. I will have to see if I still have it.
Hi James have you tried the Peach and Lily glass skin ? Or the Versed serums? Thank you so much
Where i live to get the ordinary here thr serum cost 12-18$.. so kbeauty serum is actually usually cheaper than the ordinary for more all rounded products so🤣
Sometimes we care about your hair 😆
I try to listen but i keep getting distracted, your face looks so perfect 😭 Goals 🙏🏻
The amino acids +b5, buffet or matrixyl and vitamin c 23%+ ha spheres, but wanna try the 30% in silicone
can i use the ordinary glycolic acid 30% once a week while using the lactic acid each n everyday?
A dupe i can recommend for the ordinary niacinamide is the one from the korean brand TIAM, its the best, got it at Kelly Driscol's recomendation, its also got 2% arbutin!!
My fave at this moment is Multi -peptide for hair. Just re-purchased the second bottle. I feel like it works. I think It made my fine hair a bit fuller after using the first bottle. Everything else - Paula's Choice is my go-to for Azealic, Niacinamide, and vitamin C  (use them all together in the morning)
As a male in my 30’s, I’ve tried a lot of different brands for skin care, I’ve bought those products that claim to reverse aging, and I’ve bought cheap drug store creams that do nothing. The ordinary has been my solid go to for 3 years now. There isn’t a video you can make that would change my mind.
What are your top picks from Good Molecules?
ALPHA LIPOIC ACID!!! It was a game changer for my skin, they discontinued, I can’t find a reasonably priced alternative 😭😭😭😭
What are you thoughts on silicone in hair conditioners? Social media is suddenly announcing silicone is the devils reincarnate and I don’t know if this is scare mongering or not. I use Pantene which is one of the brands that’s being criticised. Would love to know your opinion.
(Loving the LOONA intros~)
I bought the ordinary niacinamide because I had very oily t-zone,get rid of dark spots from blemishes and blemishes however i haven’t seen a difference and I have used it for 4+ months every day
Ur orbit!! I recognize girl front at the start ☺️
The Inkey List has changed my skincare routine, but sadly because I have to get mine from Sephora a lot of it’s sold out most of the time!!! 😭😭😭😭
Can u make a video for acne people like skin care products or recommend us for people that struggle with acne.
1. You are always adorable!😍  2. I do prefer the Inkey list for a few simple products. 3. Is that candle behind you the Sandalwood Myrrh??? I have those everywhere in my house!!💕😊
hadalabo whitnening lotion (moist version) has arbutin and it’s awesome! the formula feels the same as the HA lotion that they have. a thin serum feeling
I started getting into skincare when the ordinary, while the products are fine, the formulations are kinda weird,  the products don't really dry on me. I like Good Molecules a lot, it's the same price point and similar ingredients. Do you like GM James? I saw you mention them a few times.
I use a combination of the ordinary, the inkey list, and Paulas Choice ...-and the Pipette spf 50 non nano sunscreen, which I hear is a dupe for biossance spf for half the price
Me: oh James looks really good today, I love his hair.  James: sorry I look bad and my hair's a mess.
Have you tried the Cos de Baha Azaleic? Its cheap, its south korean and so so good!!
Naturium had an azelaic acid that might be worth looking into
I absolutely love my HA serum nowadays. At first it was awful cuz it started peeling off and I couldn't figure out what I did wrong. Luckily, I heard from somewhere to use it on wet skin and I loved it immediately. Still love it 😇
Love The Ordinary. But I do have a few alternatives. Instead of their Salicylic acid masque I use a cleanser by La Roche Posay which contains 2% SA. Instead of their Azelaic acid I use Azclear 20% available otc in Australia.
May I kow what your tiktok’s name is?
i don't get it, why do they have to make every serum tacky even though most of the active ingredients are water soluble ? the tackiness really ruins the product.
I love this intro music best, thanks for bringing it back ☺️ my fav Ordinary product is the azealic acid
*checks skincare products for HA* James is right! *removes HA serum from cart*
Sees title of video... mouth drops open.  lol :)
You are a fine, smart and intelligent Man and AMU-Artist, and I agree every Word you said! :-* I like Ordinary, but The Inky List is a bit cheaper and same same!  And I'm an in Chemistry educated Person..  You are right with every Word you told us!  Thank you very very much that you help with your Expierience and Knowledge  to  your Fans that they can save a lot of  Money! You are really GREAT!  I LOVE YOUR CHANNEL SO MUCH!  :-*  :-*  :-*
Wonder y he didnt mention naturiums niacinamide which is bomb@$16!
I can not live without the alpha Arbutin!! Game changer for my skin!
I'm loving your hair!!
Are you serious. I just bought the shit you said you use!@#$
I’ve wanted to retry Azaleic acid but I am nervous as it was part of my original Curology formula and it broke me out HORRIBLY! Can’t say if it was 100% but still makes me nervous! So far I prefer glycolic , lactic, and BHAs as they have done wonders for my skin! ☺️🧖🏼‍♀️
i L O V E the ordinary
I agree 100%.  I have found Naturium’s products to be good substitutes, especially their azaleic acid and most are pretty low prices in the 20-25 range.
❤️👌
James your skin is gorgeous 😍😍😍...please  could you review make up revolution skin care products..I would like to hear your opinion before i try any of their products. Thanks hun xx
The ordinary lactic acid has saved my skin from my mask related breakout. I’ve never had bad breakouts before and I am so greatful I got this product on a whim with my last order because it’s been helping so much !
The Ordinary completely changed how I look at skin care. I don’t want the fluff, the buzzwords, the ‘MIRACLE INGREDIENT!!!!1!1” du jour, NONE of that. Just give me the ingredients we know work and keep it pushin.
It’s just too ✨complicated ✨ for my stupid ass to decipher hence why I lean towards paulas choice
I actually just got the Inkey List HA as a replacement for the Ordinary one! I felt like it didn't do as much as other hydrating serums, which I need living in the desert lol. My fave is the Miss Spa Hydration Hookup for $15!!
Hello) What do you think about First Aid Beauty Facial Radiance Pads? Do you use chemical exfoliation around your eyes?  Thank you)
James, you said what I've been thinking for SO LONG. TO is fine for some basic products, but there are so much better formulations out there and if you can afford it, it there are many more cosmetically elegant alternatives that feel so wonderful, not sticky and just plain set on the skin better. I seriously get so sick of influencers pushing TO like we are all looking for the cheapest product, ignoring the spa experience of a truly well-formulated product. TO is good for basic "training wheels" skincare, but once you graduate to really splurging on yourself for the experience, TO does NOT cut it. Thank you SO MUCH for the better alternatives!!!!
One thing that people don't talk about enough concerning niacinamide that 10% is WAY TOO HIGH for a niacinamide product. Niacinamide works best between 2-5% and there doesn't need to be any extra for it to work, rather the added percentages make the risk for irritation way higher. And since I didn't know this fact before I started using TO's niacinamide and I just tried to "get used" to the stinging feeling... as a result, I can't use niacinamide at all anymore. Not in any quantity. So... thanks for ruining that skincare ingredient for me, TO. Now 75% of good skincare products are completely useless for me, because niacinamide is everywhere. Bigger percentages doesn't always mean faster effects and I have now learned it the hard way.
Hey, James. Could you please review Geek&Gorgeous? They have research and references under all of their products. It really made me trust their products!
I have two niacinamide serums: one from The Ordinary and one from Geek&Gorgeous. The TO one felt drier and stung a bit. The G&G one is very nice. Leaves your face dewy and glowy, isn't sticky or tacky. Really nice!
What are your thoughts on naturium? Seemed like you liked it. Are you distancing yourself because of the confusing roll out?
Hahaha I’m here for this hair style😋
This is so timely, I've just run out of two of my Ordinary products and was contemplating whether to repurchase or switch it up. The Niacinamide + zinc is actually one I know I won't repurchase be for some reason it seems to cause these bumps to form under my skin, which can turn into that painful type that doesn't form a head but just... hurts :(
I’m so glad you did this video. I almost bought some of this brand. Ps: I had an A Zyme retinol and bromelain chemical peel two weeks ago and my skin is amazing 😆
i love your hair like that pls
Mandelic acid))
Hi! I was wondering if you have tried the new acids from Naturium, if so could you review please? Thank you for your time.
I prefer Garden of Wisdom and Geek & Gorgeous to the Ordinary
James' voice is so calming, if I could just listen to him talk all day I bet my anxiety would reduce immensely.
You always look gorgeous! Stop it! ❤️
0:18 my entire life changed thanks to, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
I get we don't need a dedicated HA serum, but about about B5 tho ? I use this bc I have dermatillomania, so I have a lot of wounds/broken skin and I use this serum to help a quick and nice healing of my broken skin with B5
I was recommended a serum (can't remember the name) but it's great.
James would you recommend or have tried the Naturium products? They also have Azaleic acid at a much affordable price than Paula's Choice. And I'm kinda intrigued.
Do you have any to deal with ski allegy reactions?  I get a bad dry rash around my eyes during fire season and high pollution. I got the right eyedrops now but I cannot find a good solution for the skin around my eyes.
Can you do a review of yesstyle and dermstore. I’d like to start purchasing from both but I’m not sure sketchiness, quality, return policy, timing wise it makes sense.
What about the Buffet? Any alternatives for that? Do you think it's an effective option?
I get what you're saying about the cosmetic elegance of their formulas.  I always say that what you're paying for with more expensive products is the elegance of the formulation, the finish and how it looks on the skin.  That said one of my new favorites from TO is the 8% ascrobic acid + 2% arbutin serum.  One of the simplest formulas I've ever seen but still stable and non-irritating (once you get past the burning sensation 🤣)
Love the azelaic acid!
Once you figure out a specific routine, that works, nothing beats it! I love using arbutin in conjection with the niacinamide! Little Pro tip for the azeliac acid, add a drop of the resveratrol + ferulic - makes a world of a difference in terms of texture, much smoother to apply😜❤️✨
Naturium has an alpha arbutum essence. I’d love a review of that!
Which pimple patches with micro darts do you use James?
The only product I am using from the brand right now is the salicylic acid masque which has been amazing for maskne. I use it twice a week just on my chin and jaw area,  I used the niacinamide +zinc which was fine but very sticky and I didn’t love the application so did not repurchase I now use Stratia Rewind to get my niacinamide fix and the Q+A Zinc serum which I love. Very basic but works wonders for acne.  Also used the moisturizer which I hated with a passion. Literally sat on my face and would not sink in. I’m bummed because I love their price points but their products just don’t seem to work for my skin. Happy that it works for others though!  Also never went near that peel, it terrified me from the start and looked way to intense. I just got into skincare six months ago and saw that thing everywhere but just could not bring myself to do it.
Thank you for your amazing and helpful advice 😊
Love alpha Arbutin from inkey list!!
Hi James, can you suggest a few things for someone that is allergic to glycerin?
That's my biggest issue with The Ordinary is that they are always out of stock of what I want and it's just not acceptable at this point. They have had enough time to adjust to keep up with demand. They have a retinoid and Vit C I want but some of the alternatives (like Inkylist) have dimethicone which my skin hates. Aslo, is that a DW candle in the background? If so what scent? I love their candles. The leather and pipe tobacco ones are lovely. But so are many others.
The inkey list stings on my skin... all of their products I tried do, for some reason: I tried the niacinamide, the ceramide night treatment and the peptide moisturiser. Wanted to love this brand so much, but its a hard pass for me. :(
I'm looking for a vitamin c serum that's not as grainy feeling and tacky as the ordinary, that I can use under makeup without it feeling weird. If anyone has a reccomendation, send it along :)
His hair looks sooooo good like this
I was just about to say that your hair looks amazing and in that moment you said you got caught in the rain.  It suits you very much and I would've guessed it took you a lot of time to make it look that way. Sending love
I am a university student and the ordinary is an awesome way for me to take care of my skin while on a budget!
💜💜💜
Me: dang James is looking pretty nice today   You: excuse my appearance—  You look great! Lmao I love the slightly disheveled hair it looks really nice
noooo i only just got into skincare and only have the ordinary and malin and goetz hehe
I am loving the alpha arbutin by the Ordinary. I was afraid you were going to hate it and I just bought a new bottle. I so glad you said you liked it and have found nothing better!😄
I thought that I am the only one with the problem with how The Ordinary's Niacinamide sit in the skin!
Hair has never looked better! 👍🏻 Morning shag look is always in style :-D
The Ordinary is what convinced me to start a skincare routine! Skincare always seemed out of my price range but with The Ordinary I could afford to experiment and find out what my skin needed and didn’t need. I’ve moved on to other brands now but I credit The Ordinary for the improvements in my skin!!!
Years ago, before the Ordinary was at Sephora , I bought Ordinary products . And I thought they were awful. The caffeine eye serum burned by eyes , and I don’t have sensitive skin at all. The lactic acid burned by hands, more specifically in between my fingers. I would obviously put a few drops in my hands, then pat it on my face and wash my hands. And they still burned my fingers , not crazy burned but it took months for my fingers to stop peeling. And again, I’ve never had that with any other lactic acid I’ve used.
I used to love the Ordinary products, they were perfect when I first started creating my routine (because they were cheap) but I've gravitated towards other brands, some of them pricier. We all evolve eventually 😅
I recently stopped using the Ordinary products and other strong products (toners, acids, serums etc) and my skin is just so much better. I just use face wash, moisturizer, sunscreen and eye-cream now
I keep my skincare routine super simple, since my skin is prone to breakouts. the Ordinary's niacinamide/zinc serum is one of the only serums I use. It has evened out my skin tone so much. It is a bit tacky and pills if I don't let it sit for long enough, but I think the price point, like James said, is just unbeatable.
The one The Ordinary product my skin absolutely loves and I’m not sure I’ll ever be able to detach from it is the retinol solution in squalene. Everything else I’ve been able to upgrade from except for this - I don’t know what it is but it’s almost like an overnight breakout solution, my skin just laps it up and I wake up with perfectly balanced skin and the threat of any breakout completely diminished. It’s now a staple product ❤️
Let’s see the pupper.   Hair looks good
That’s it I will be watching you no longer! This hair is unacceptable!! Lol JK💜🤗
I absolutely fell out with the ordinary in my early 20s when I didn’t know I needed to apply sunscreen with all the actives I used. BUT I’ve recently been using the ordinary Squalane oil as a last step in my PM routine and I love it!
My face dropped when I saw the tag line to this video. I have only just started looking in to and researching skin care, so naturally I have ordered The Ordinary daily set and a couple of their serums 😅 But like you said, they are a good first, cheap step in to the skin care world and I can’t wait to find out what my skin likes, doesn’t like, and go from there! I absolutely love your channel and feel like I have learned SO much already ❤️
review Superdrugs cheapy crappy rip off of the Ordinary products!
First thing I said "isn't he just such a gorgeous lovely man" then you apologised for your appearance lol I want the planet light will check amazon 😉
the thing with the serums foaming up on the skin is because of the emulsifiers that are borderline surfactants. a chemist once told me that and I think it makes sense. both have the job of making something oily mix with water.
your hairstyle is really nice
Just wanted to know your thoughts on rice water for skin care
i love the ordinary but i loved the alternatives! great video ! xo
I looooove mat look that azelayic acid is giving me. Give me mat, boring look babyyyyyyyyyy!!!!
I agree James! I really saw benefits from the Niacinimide plus Zinc by The Ordinary and I still have a little but left in a bottle BUT , I had the foaming, the pilling, and it was just not something I could use with other products which I do like to layer my skin care. I do love the one by Good Molecules. It’s so nice and has a lovely texture. 🥰
I stopped using the hyaluronic acid just for that reason, it’s in everything but I still use their niacinamide. I never have any issues with it like some do so I’ll stick to it, plus I’m a broke ass bi*** so it’s what I can afford at the moment. Lol
Is it hyaluronic acid that makes so many products increasingly tacky as the day goes on? If so, it bugs me.
Right now I have the azealic acid and absorbic acid+alpha arbutin products and I’ve been using them for two weeks. I hope I see results so far I’ve been liking them. If I don’t see any difference, I’ll explore more
I feel like ultimately the best “pricey” complement to The Ordinary for formulation and packaging (thinking about unstable actives) it’s going to be from Paula’s Choice. I feel like it’s unfortunate that the brand is less recognized because it is truly a science driven company, with incredible formulations, and has been supporting ethical products for years. I just wish I was able to afford their products more, so I have to pick and choose otherwise it’s the Inkey List for me!
Here from FB🥰
James, do you have any thoughts on Face Theory? I'm currently using their N20 Porebright serum and Colloidal-C anti redness toner (plus their amazing glycolic body cream) and I'm pretty impressed. I'd be really interested in whether you've used anything by them - and I'm so sorry if you've talked about them and I've missed it! Great video, as always! X
DUDE I literally just bought the Salicylic Acid voodoo stuff because of you o.o yet to try it as its in the mail but still!!
I like this learning what treatments your skin needs at base level , then switching "up a tier" to a denser or more complex formula . I thanked the gods when the ordinary came across my radar as I'm allergic to coconut, so the "basic " ingredient list was a dream come true. Nice video on glow recipe too, that selection are mostly coconut derivatives free 🥰
When I got into skincare I loved TO because of their products and price. But I’ve since moved on to pricier brands mainly because of the feel and because I like my products to pack a bigger punch with more ingredients. But I still use glycolic acid for my underarms.
Saw the title and flipped out
I had this idea with the niacinamide precisely! Versed clarifying serum was excellent as an alternative
Love your videos your voice is so relaxing!
What do you think about revolution skincare?
I love the azelaic acid from TO and its amazing on the skin 🤷🏻‍♀️🤷🏻‍♀️
Me: waiting on my ordinary order to be delivered James: why I no longer use the ordinary Me: 👁👄👁
Have you tried any products from Garden of Wisdom?
James you don’t have to look perfect in every video for me looking a little bit messy kinda makes the video cosy in a way
why is nobody talking about how he has loona’s lightstick lmaoo
omg I panicked seeing the title, literally just replaced some of my fav ordinary products this morning haha!! but yeah i agree they're pretty much the best at their price range but there are inarguably much better formulas out there, just out of my budget atm so thank god this video wasn't about the ordinary secretly being really shit lmao
I love The Ordinary's 5% lactic acid serum. I have extremely sensitive skin and a ton of allergies so it was really hard to find a chemical exfoliant that didn't irritate me. It is so mild but still gets the job done.
OMG is that the Loona Light Stick in the background???? 😱👀
Yes! Thank you for the comment about not needing a separate HA serum, I have one from CosRx I’m trying to get through and oooof, it’s such a boring step. Considering I’m a toner seven-skin-method monster I really don’t need a separate HA serum, I’d rather save that “overly sticky” product place for something like snail mucin or a propolis/honey product.
OMG UR AN ORBIT
Why am I always getting jump scared by the hand in the back?😂I know it’s there but it always get’s me🤣
Omg þetta var svo skemmtilegt myndband ég veit ekki hvort einhver annar hér tali íslensku en ég elska bara að rugla saman algeru fjandanum úr fólki það er bara það bráðfyndnasta sem ég hef séð! Gott vid
Æðislegt myndband!   Super vidéo!   Video Luar Biasa!
The azeleic product is great as a makeup primer no joke
Hi James, I Love your content !!!  Can i use the Ordinary Azelaic Acid in the mornings and Paulas Choice Skin Perfecting 2% BHA Liquid Exfoliant in the evenings every day? would this be really harsh on my skin or am I over-exfoliating? Thank you xx
Will you be reviewing Naturium’s 4 new acid products?  P.S. I have purchased 15 dIfferent TO products and only like the Niacinamide product. The simple may work for some but me.
What do you think of NIOD
I love the regular retinol by the ordinary. Not the one in squalane, though. I think it’s called ganactive retinoid serum. My skin loves it. When I’m out, I want to try naturium’s retinol and see if it lives up to the reviews.
I 100% agree with you no one or not a lot of people need a separate hyaluronic acid because it is now in EVERYTHING.  My favourite product is the alpha arbutin.
Hey James what do you think about Face theory products? 🤔
I’m relatively new to your channel, so forgive me if you have spoken of this before- but the only ordinary product I like is the buffet serum, but it’s just like everything else you’ve mentioned- sticky and I don’t enjoy it. But I feel like I need a peptide serum... have any good alternatives? My budget is midrange... $20-40.
I use both the Azelaic and Niacinamide serum from The Ordinary and I can't wait till I've used them both so I can purchase the pore-bright serum from face theory
I will watch this video after I finish my bottles of The Ordinary hahaha....
I'd love to know your thoughts on a few brands such as Face Theory and Geek and Gorgeous! I do love TO's peeling mask (I just used maybe twice a month) and their oils to finish off my nighttime routine.
TO Niacinamide serum is nice, but I like the Purito unscented centella buffet serum more. It has more wonderful ingredients in one step and it doesn't peel.
I have never had those problem with the niacinamide serum and I’ve been using it for years. Sometimes when I use too much it does foam a little bit it sinks right in after a few seconds for me
My skin care is basically only the ordinary :) I have no problem with their formula, I just make sure that I use the water based products in the morning and the products that can have a more silicone and oily texture in the evening :) I have hard a lot of people say that the niacinamide peel, but in my experience that is because they use too much. I use three drops and that covers my whole face and most of my neck.
I think I've tried all TO products possibly even mentioned to help with hyperpigmentation (melasma not PIH) and nothing seems to have helped. The only thing I notice an instant change with is the BHA+ AHA peel. Not for pigmentation but my skin glows after use.  I hate my pigmentation so much. And I don't really know where it came from either. Zero confidence without makeup 😔 have tried so much.... Any ideas?
Hi James ! Do you use any of the Naturim products? I think the azelaic acid from them surpasses that of the Paulas choice. Would love to know your thoughts
At age 59 and just a few months from 60, I use several Ordinary products. My routine consists of 1-2 drops of Niacinimide, Alpha Arbutin, Pycnogenol, Reservatrol + Ferulic Acid, Argireline Solution 10% and Buffet. I alter the serums depending on my skin needs. I have combo oily t-zone with normal everywhere else. I have never had an acne issue which I guess is lucky. These products combined with my mineral sunscreen and light moisturizer is all I need besides cleansing. I have noticed a decrease and lightening of any spots or redness, less oily t-zone, and a reduction of wrinkles and folds. I take my products down my neck and chest and finish on my hands with any leftover.  My skin is soft, even toned and I go bare faced more often than not.
OMG  saw the title and got worried
I swear by TO Azelaic Acid Suspension. I mix it with their moisturizer (NMF) and squalane serum to minimize that dull effect on the skin. Unfortunately Paula's Choice alternative is 5 times the price and I simply cannot afford to even consider it, otherwise I would.
I feel like the ordinary doesn’t work for me and it’s sad because it’s so cheap
The ordinary ruined my skin...I used it with caution, read the descriptions and I am not a newbie to skincare. But, the peel and the other products were not for me. I only use the retinol one. That is the only one that I am ok with. But, will stick to Korean/Japanese skincare. My skin is finally starting to heal from what the ordinary did....
My skin hated The Ordinary and The Inkey List. They all just felt sticky on my skin and irritated me. I needed something more gentle and switched to Korean skincare products.
how did you remove the vaseline?? thougt this is impossible😅
James please an alternative to the Ordinary peeling bha&aha solution ?
Have you tried the alpha Arbutin from the inkey list? 🤔
When I first found out about The Ordinary I ordered bunch of products , but I only ended up repurchasing their salicylic acid 2% Solution as their formulations were so shitty compared to the products I had been using before. Maybe I would have been more impressed if TO had been my first foray into skincare.
My skincare has been primarily The Ordinary and it has been excelling! I've never had foming issues
It is Vegan, cheap and cruelty free. I will probably will always buy from them. Love your videos!!
Actually your hair looks good. Mine would look awful.
JAMES! HELP! I have dark spots from the sun 🌞 I am getting super confused so I just want to know of a good spot product that will get rid of them!
I feel like The Ordinary junkie! My boyfriend had a few breakouts and I immediately sent him the Azaelic acid to use. It did wonders for his skin! He never had a skincare routine and I managed to even force him into using sunscreen in the AM. I have been following your videos for a while and shipped him the Purito unscented sunscreen. Thank you James for all the help and guidance for the product reviews!
Can you recommend anything for sun/age spots on my hands!? I’m only 50 and my hands look like i’m 80!  I’m put vit c and nicinimide on them - any other suggestions? 💕
The ordinary are simple solutions of a few active ingredients at affordable price that cover basic skincare 101 if you want something more adventures I can see why you'd look elsewhere.
I love the way your hair looks! Very rogueish and dashing 😍
I would love if you’d review naturium skincare, I know lot’s of people are demonising it because of the way Susan launched it, personally I focus on the products and apart from the drama from the launch, you can’t fault the company for anything, the products are nice, it’s a cruelty free brand, good price point and their customer service it’s amazing.
Are you Welsh? I feel like I can hear a  very slight accent though I might be wrong!
0:30 does james likes the peeling from the ordinary or no?
Boots online pharmacist can prescribe 15-20% azelaic acid for £16, as long as you buffer with moisturiser it's fine :)
Ooo were back with OEC - Girl Front intro
Hi James, could you tell me where the Saturn light sign is from? Looks so cool!
Can you make a video on good products from Paula's choice, I love their pore reducing toner with niacinamide and its AMAZING!! I want to use more of their products but have no idea which to use :(
Has anyone had success with The Ordinary Niacinamide and Zinc for acne? I have been using it for 2 weeks with no real difference:(
Hold on... I dont know why I never noticed this before, but the Loona song into music and the Loona lightstick in the background?!?! Just when I thought I couldn't love James more!!! 😍😍😍
I tend to put my niacinamide on wet skin and I feel like it works better. Just me?
I hate that niacinimide and zinc thing, it felt so disgusting and tacky on my skin and it broke me out.
Facetheory has great azeleic acid serums, I'm on my third bottle of the one with niacinamide. Much cheaper than Paula's Choice, you should check them out! xx
I tried the peeling liquid and the marine hyaluronics (which has no HA in it and burned my otherwise very rarely irritable skin) and now I use it for body products like on my feet or fingertips (playing instruments in winter cracks the skin)
The ordinary destroyed my face.... spot tested everything after I used it on my face I broke out into some kind of reaction and got a chemical burn on my forehead and chin. My Dr told me to avoid anything on my face other than water for a month....
I don’t like the sticky feeling of The Ordinary’s niacinimide, so I was pleased to hear you describe Glossier’s product as ‘watery’. I paused the video immediately and used your link to immediately go to Glossier’s website to order it. Thanks for all your good information!
Almost every serum stays tacky feeling unless I exfoliate before application (which I can't do daily, I have very fine, delicate, sensitive skin). What am I doing wrong?
Love the messy chic hair
I completelyyy agree!!For some reason, i have always always preferred inkey list over ordinary even when I had not tried inkey.  Once my ordinary products were finished I switched my entire routine to inkey and have bee LOVING each and every product of theirs!!! They also have night treatments based on your skin type which I love!! My skin is dry like SO DRY , this is another reason I liked their niacinamide more, it's much more hydrating, like a milky consistency  but also gives me the benefits of niacinamide which I love
Anime hair james part 2!!!
Just placed an order for a couple of products from the inkey list, I got their caffeine eye cream (with the metal applicator) and the mushroom moisturizer.. I’m super excited to use them snd they were both under 10$! Nothing will replace my Zinc + Niacinimide serum, it’s the only thing I’ve ever seen work so quick and give me visible results 😍
I have struggled with post acne pigmentation marks especially since I got off accutane and my skin is clear. My favorite product is Peter Thomas Roth niacinamide discoloration treatment! It also contains alpha Arbutin so maybe that’s why it’s working so well. It’s pricey but I swear by it! I wish more companies would make products with this ingredient
The Ordinary's "Buffet" is my jam...
Azelaic can be great for black people and people of color who deal with acne as well as PIH
James, you are beautiful as always! 😘
I had no idea people had so many  negative experiences with niancinamide It's my secret weapon to wear under makeup. It makes it look like I have 0 pores
I adore their alpha arbutin 2% and ascorbic 8%!! The way it feels isnt my favourite but it has done my skin wonders without irritating it.
And I have checked out my Sephora order :)
Hi James! There is this new brand in India called ‘Minimalist’. Their packing resembles TO to the T! And their formulations as well! Would love to hear your take on it❤️
LOOONAAAAAA
Girl Front intro and Loona lighstick???? Yasss
Please give us more alternatives for all /or some, products of THE ORDINARY ...
Atm i got the niancinamide because i took off that ingredient from my curology and i know it works for me but The ordinarys niancinamide seems to not work for me?? I noticed because it left me flush burnt red and i know it cant be my other stuff because i havent changed anything besides my curology as well so now i’m waiting to see what happens.  But on first impressions the niancinamide feels quite thick, sticky like and for me it absorbs quickly but leaves me red and also my pores are still visible so i think it might be a formula thing and i am looking at the inkey list and good molecules!
https://youtu.be/INpvYlnVyDA <<< James! the person in this yt video put lemon under their eyes to “fix” their millia! yikess
I love the Ordinary squalane. Can’t live without it!
The niacinamide from the ordinary transformed my skin its my #1 holy grail. I always try different moisturizers and face washes but I never change the ordinary products I use
I just saw your instagram story where it was talking about what is "toxic." There is a popular skincare and makeup website/store in the US that talks about "green beauty" and getting rid of toxic products. I have never seen any of the skincare or makeup people that I follow talk about these brands and I am interested to get some opinions from people I trust. Instead of listing the brands, the website is citrinenaturalskin.com. Thanks!
even the inkey list niacinamide is sold out where i live xD
I wanted to like the Inkey List so bad, as it was easier to get since you could buy it at the local drug store instead of having to order it online like The Ordinary. I had been using The Ordinary's niacinamide and when it ran out decided to try the Inkey List's niacinamide. It was a bad time. Something in the Inkey List's formula had something I was allergic to and within one use I had an allergic reaction on my face. Red rash, puffy eyes. Something to consider for others who may have sensitive skin.
I love several TO products, so I'm watching this with some anxiety lol.
I still can’t believe how much the Ordinary’s azelaic acid helped my skin, it’s definitely one of my hero products. but I agree that the texture is so intense! Using it at night is a must for me. Thanks for these other recs!!
Uu new hair looking goood🌼
Link your Tiktok in your YT about tab.
I totally agree with this. I will always admire The Ordinary as a brand for being revolutionary in getting people to be more educated about skincare ingredients while providing no-bullsh*t products at a super affordable price. My overall impression of the entire line though is that you really get what you pay for. While their key product ingredients and the way these ingredients are sourced and processed are pretty impressive, the product formulation really lacks cosmetic elegance to the point that I just don’t want to put the product on my face no matter how theoretically beneficial the ingredients are to the skin. I had the same problem as most people did with the niacinamide serum—it helped control my sebum, but the formula was so tacky and foamy that I can’t even apply any further product after it. I love how their seed oils are so cheap yet 100% organic and cold-pressed, but most of them just smell so bad and it just ruins the experience and I couldn’t continue using it long enough to see the results. I believe skincare is not just about getting ingredients to perfect your skin, but it also is a self-care routine that should be enjoyable and should work with the rest of your lifestyle. I haven’t tried other affordable skincare brands e.g. Inkey List, but for now, I wouldn’t mind paying a bit extra for products that deliver AND are cosmetically elegant because I actually would look forward to usually them regularly, making it more likely for me to be consistent with my routine.
Started using the ordinary 4 years ago and it was fine but the more I got into skincare the more I 'grew out' of it. Most of my skincare consists of Facetheory and Korean  skincare now 🤷🏽‍♀️
Niacinamide+zink worked nicely during the summertime. Stopped that oiliness during hot nights,as I used for nightime routine.
Would you say niacinamide is similar to hyaluronic acid in the sense that it’s now in everything and you wouldn’t need a separate serum? I use the Im from rice toner which had it as well as the for example and -so do you think worth it to add a niacinamide serum for the stronger percentage ?(as far as the benefits of using it go)
I need you to make a video about the Water Drench line of Peter Thomas Roth 😭💙
The hair is cute 👍🏻😊
If you do want a separate hyaluronic acid with similar price point, my favourite is from Bravura London
I noticed that you have the Loona lightstick!
Used the niacinamide and zinc serum for 3 months and my face looked worse than when I started. I love the AHA + BHA peeling solution though.
Can you review boots ingredients, their 'version' of the ordinary
When the skin god calls I answer✨😊
Yes inkey list has great alternatives to the ordinary, but have you discovered Geek & gorgeous? Their Niacinamide is AMAZING!
I was searching for why the ordinary niacinamide cause purging and than this come 😂😂😂 i its about a week now my skin is purging and in my country an online store sold it at high rates i barely afford cox em a studnt 😑 now i dont know wethr to skip or not
I wish I looked that good after I get caught in the rain ❤
I love Deciem products and use items from The Ordinary, Hylamide, and NIOD lines. Fragrance free, well formulated, and cruelty free = perfect. Have had less success with the other brands you mention, so I'll happily stick with my Deciem!
Wait a minute..is that a Chungha box and Loona lightstick? The taste is immaculate 😍
THE LOONA LIGHTSTICK IS HUGE. IT’S ALMOST AS TALL AS THE MIMIKYU PLUSHIE! It’s the only thing I can say about the video sinceThe Ordinary in not available in Chile unless someone brings a product from the brand and sells it for three or more times the price. For that reason I haven’t had the chance to try it 🥺
Wow I was really about to repurchase the ordinary and I was wondering if there were any alternatives!! so I’m excited to try something new!!
James, can you do a reaction of Megan Batoon’s skincare routine on her channel? She mixed a whole bunch of products together. No spoilers. You should def watch and I’d love to see your reaction. It’s called My Skincare Routine.
I don't know but the ordinary when I live it's so price so I rather spend my money on the k beauty better
I’m also slowly making the switch to the Inkey List. You’re right about the formulations; they just feel superior. Except The Ordinary’s NMF moisturizer. That’s my girl. 😂
.... As I ordered a handful of new items from The Ordinary and have been contemplating if I’m currently getting letting break outs because of the weather change OR it’s these new items because they’ve always come thru for me 😩😩
Nooooo i just ordered 3 ordinary products T.T
CAN YOU CALL ME EVERY NIGHT AND READ ME A STORY TILL I FALL ASLEEP? PRETTY PLEASE🙏😇  YOU HAVE THE MOST SOOTHING VOICE EVER!!!!!!  I'LL PAY YOU.  DO YOU NEED MONEY? I HAVE MONEY.  YOU CAN HAVE IT.  PLLLEEEAASSEEEEEEE???? 😁😁😁
the hair looks cute james, reminds me of my budgies when they bath ^^ pls google "wet budgie" if you wanna see images lol ps: me looking at my ordinary stuff like ? which of you could be better? ^^
I tried several things but use 3 now. The caffeine solution for puffy undereyes, buffet only at night and rose hip seed oil on some nights. I would use their sunscreen spf 30 again if it wasn't always sold out.
Niacinamide & zinc is the worst for pilling. I’ve only used it a few times, I’ll have to try and use less
Just ordered the AHA and Retinol Eye Cream from The Inkey List. Some of the other products are sold out here in the U.S. but I'll wait to order them. Thanks for the great info.
Thankyou so much James  🤍💯
Hi! Do you have any interesting Argireline serum alternatives? Great video, very informative!
I never really cared about my skin care much before I discovered The Ordinary.  Tbf, I have very uncomplicated skin, so I had the luxury of never really having to think too much about what I used. But I love it now, especially in winter 😍
Their Granactive Retinoid 2% Emulsion was my absolute favorite! And now I can’t find it anywhere (even out of stock on Deciem webpage). It was non sensitizing but I could see the impact even the next morning with brighter skin. I can’t stand oils on my face so their squalane version wasn’t for me. Heartbreaking when a fave product is (seemingly) discontinued
that Chungha and LOONA lightstick at the back 👀👀👀
James, thank you for always being so honest and informative! You have completely inspired me to reevaluate my own treatments in the past few months. I am looking forward to results for myself as well as Viewing more videos!! 💖🤗💖Keep being wonderful!💖🤗💖
Oh man. I felt like I was EXPECTING this to happen but I’m not surprised 😂 UK Ordinary the Inkey List does suffice for the most part!
I stopped using the ordinary too, I used their vitamin C suspension, glycolic acid and niacinamide, but I still notice a difference with any of them so when I ran out I switched it up for Paulas choice, even those they’re soooo much dearer I’m hoping they work
I had to throw out my TO niacinamide,  idk if it was the added zinc or the formulation but it broke me out and stung every time, so I reverted back to Good Molecules niacinamide,  2nd bottle now🙃
I first started using the ordinary in 2017 and it was a great way for me to try a bunch of different ingredients at a low price and see what works and what doesn't. It made me realize that mandelic acid is the one for me, but now I've shifted to nicer formulations and more fuller products- I love stratia's soft touch aha which is a 10% mandelic with soothing ingredients like aloe and chamomile - also it's in a pump I'm tired of droppers lol 😭😭  Also Jordan Samuel is such a great brand that deserves all the love! The after show treatment cleanser (sensitive version) is my fave 1st step cleanser!
I'm ready to be offended by this!!!!
The foaming on the skin is just a normal thing that happens to everyone???? I was over here thinking my TO niacinamide and zinc was reacting with the glycolic acid toner.....
So watching now.. agree just got the Inky list as could not get The Ordinary and straight away I was like this is a better formulation.
the ordinary niacinamide 10% + zinc 1% foams up when I use it and I was like "WHAT AM I DOING WROOONG????" I am relieved i am not the only one. I also use their moisturizer and their Lactic acid and they work great for me.
James, I think your hair looks great!  Might try styling it this way on purpose.  :)
15sec in *spits coffee out* windy hair?!🤣😂🤣 I love James on the fly😘
I see you and Robert like to toy with our feelings....posting at the same time. You silly twins! Lol
i just bought an ordinary product. oml
The Ordinary began my real interest in skincare, although I have veered more into Korean skincare. I would also like to hear your views on Face Theory which I’ve found to be good quality.
I absolutely love the ordinary 10% Niacinamide and I have a video showing before and after results ... however, like you said my skin has moved on in a way that I no longer feel the need to use it as often as I did when I first discovered it.. also my moisturizer has Niacinamide which  feels sufficient for my skin.  Thank you for always giving us quality skincare videos 💖💖👍🏽👍🏽
this niacinimide broke me out soo bad my breakouts left as soon as i got rid of it. i still use their azelaic acid tho
Hi James love the video ! I would love to recommend you a brand called Revox B77 , they have a line called Revox Just that I’ve been  using as an alternative for The Ordinary bc in Poland there is very little availability of the ordinary and it’s almost always sold out. I found their cosmetics in a drugstore called HEBE.. I don’t know if it’s only in Poland or maybe more European countries but it definitely is way less expensive then the alternatives you recommended and I would love for you to maybe look into the brand and share your opinion about it with our fellow Eastern Europeans .... I hope this wasn’t too chaotic xx
Im honestly so sad, because people rave about the ordinary,but every single product i tried from them,left my skin burning and wrecked for following months. :/
😩i bought niaciamide by seeing your reveiw literally few days back this video’s caption shocked mee so much
I would love your thoughts on Tom Ford skincare for men
I loved this vid. I wish more people would openly talk about money more. “Would I like this product at 24K/year? No, no way. At 45K/year? Yes “
i agree that basically the ordinary sells individual ingredients which is kinda a waste of you ask me because you could buy another product that has one or two or more beneficial ingredients. Like i have a tea tree serum that has tea tree water and niacinimide and centella asiatica water in it so it does more than just the ordinary niacinimide would do
I don't notice their niacinamide serum ever making my sunscreen or moisturizer pill.
Hey there! I have a question :) what do you think about retinyl palmitate? is that true that its not as efficient as retinol it self? I bought the pixi retinol face lotion at its the only active ingredient in there from the retinol family...  thanks a lot you are amazing!! xx
James, if that's what your hair looks like when you are caught in the rain, I need to the rain from where you live.
The skincare king has earned his crown 👑😌🥰
I’m already not using this brand so thank you for helping me not have fomo over the ordinary 🙃
James do you have a alternative for the Bha peel? I was hoping you were going to talk about it in the video.
I’m curious what you think about the INKY LIST polyglutamic acid serum? 👀
stoppp I just ordered something from the ordinary
U always look amazing. I would chose Good molecules from Beautylish if you want good products that are cheaper price point and they put all the ingreadiant on the box with the percentage of what's in them . Just a tip if you shop on Beautylish make sure you just put what you want to buy for sure in the cart if you add stuff in the cart for some reason they won't save them or you can't take them off your purchase if you change your mind then u have to email them to delete your cart or at least that's what it does to me.
Omg, I was so worried that this video would make me want to ditch The Ordinary now that it has helped turn my skin amazing.
The title made me RUSH here!!!    James - is this true???
late night but... for James I'm here 😩
First, I came for the time stamp 💚💙💚 I think I'm just using the Moroccan Argan oil from the ordinary. We're moving into winter, so it's time to change my skincare routine accordingly.
I just found out you have an identical brother. I was confused on why you changed your name to Robert haha I love your videos!
lovely video concept!
Not even watched this. I no longer use them as I can't buy the only decent products they have . Only the shit ones are available.
I love JS products!
I don't know  At first, TO niacinamide helped my skin so much, and now I think it may be making my skin more sensitive  As for Buffet, and Aminoacids... they broke the hell out of me
I switched to the ordinary a couple of months ago and love the change in my skin. I also have very dry aging skin. So that might be the difference for me.
Hello James❤️🤗 Have an amazing Sunday hun👉🌹
Oh boy, I too have a love-hate relationship with TO's azelaic acid, I LOVE what it's done to my skin but it's SUCH a PaAAaAAAaAin to use, heck, I've tried to work it out that I actually bought a second tube. Not worth the effort, the texture really is the worst. I've also tried PC's but it stings and itch on my skin that I dragged to finish the tube. Never got to see the result from it 😔 (and it cost so much.... too much....)
I wish my husband will care of his skin like you do Welsh ❤😭
Guys i have a normal skin type what's the best face serum for me cuz i'm so confused.. Thx in advance x
uwahh i spot that loona lightstick there 😳🤩
When James shoggy appreance is better than yours 3hour get ready appearnace😭😭😭😭
I love the Ordinary and most of my products are TO (mostly antioxidants) but the HA serum pilled so badly for me. I find that the Cosrx snail mucin is the most hydrating product I own right now. I'm interested to try to Jordan Samuel skin serum now.
Now Inkey List is gonna be Sold Out! :')
James stop,  you look great, I prefer your hair like this to be honest but either way you always look great. I have grown out The Ordinary to be honest, I just use a couple of products that are ride or dies, but I feel like I've found other options that my skin seems to enjoy more.
Facetheory Azeclair serum has 15% azelaic acid 🙃. I find it as effective as a prescription 20% cream, but without silicones or alcohol 🙌🏼
Their vitamin c 30% in silicone works well but is the worst formulation ever! I will use it in the evening and with no other product. My fave product from the ordinary though is the niacinamide +zinc although i now use a different brand due to it not playing well with other products. Still a great brand but like you say you get what you pay for 😁
I was in hospital for an operation last week. A female nurse asked me how much fluids I drank per day. I told her up to 7 litres and mentioned you. You knew you right away. I told her I used The Ordinary products, "No wonder you have such a wonderful complexion!" Thank you, James - I'm 61 btw lol
You’re right.... HA is in everything!
I absolutely live by the Mandelic Acid 10% + HA from The Ordinary - it's incredible at unclogging my pores, giving an overall brighter appearance to my skin and smoothing out any texture I have. As someone who suffers from dry skin and eczema this is gentle enough for me to use!
Current Subscribers - 978K
Hey James have you tried the Superdrug Me+ line or the Boots Essentials Line? They seem to make the ordinary dupes. I’ve replaced The Ordinarys N&Z and Alpha Arbutin, with The Tiam 10%B3 serum with 2%Alpha Arbutin or the Superdrug Me+ N&Z. Try the Cos De Baha Salicylic Acid and Azeliac Acid, incredible formulas!
I started trying the Ordinary Azelaic acid only at night and I agree it felt like a primer. It feels similar to NYX angel veil primer. I hope that helps explain the texture
I love these alternatives. I'm just starting to explore Jordan Samuel, so that serum is definitely going into the cart.
“If you don’t mind non-glowing, matte dry looking skin, not dry, just very dull looking skin-“ LOL this is the opposite type of skin kbeauty enthusiasts want 😂✨
I literally threw away all my ordinary products last night 😂 My skin barrier will thank me later ✨
i love the ordinary for everyone else but me!! 🤣🤣 the ingredients are amazing but the formulations never worked for me :(
not me just receiving a package from the ordinary !!! always love your insight though
I've learned so much about skincare ingredients after watching all your videos! You really got me into ingredients and how it helps different concerns! BTW, I have the ordinary hyaluronic acid & the Niacinamide serum currently, which one should I use first?
My heart dropped when I saw the title but I clicked warily with a shaking hand
What’s your favourite product from The Ordinary?! Remind me what I’m missing out on haha
Applied a face mask and James uploaded a video.......felling heaven
Unrelated but omg he's a byulharang, TASTE. Chungha is a queen.
I love the Inkey List Niacinamide. I bought it because of your recommendation and it has really improved my skin. I can confirm that it is a serum-y formula. I mix it with my basic hydrating serum.
I love the messy hair! I'm getting into the ordinary because I love simple routines but I love knowing about alternatives.
While youre in the skincare world, day by day youve got to know more more better skin care products, and alternatives!
I have (had) terrible KP on the backs of my arms. I started using The Ordinary’s Gylcolic Acid on my arms daily and it has made a Huge difference. Almost completely smooth: I love it
I totally agree with you whilst I still love the ordinary I feel like there is so much more out there now back in the day when they first launched they were revolutionary but now I feel like there are just the same as the 100 other single ingredient brands. I really only use NIOD now from the Deciem range.
My skin did nooot like the TO niacinamide. Don’t feel compelled to try anything else from them, I’ll stick with my kbeauty thanx ✌🏼
OMG THE LOONA WAND!!!
is that chunghas,,, oml im jealous
I know you have a boyfriend but I can't stop having a huge crush on you 😂 you look so great!
This comes as  I just finished getting all the The Ordinary products I was after! 🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️ I love you James! ❤️❤️❤️
James you ALWAYS look hot and stunning 😍 no need to apologize 😁
The open drawers behind you disturb my OCD so much😂😂😂
Lovee lovee😇
I haven't really used the product from the Ordinary that wowed me, expect the Peeling Solution, but i only use it like once a month and i enjoy their moisturizing cream. But the formulation of the other products is just not for me.
I clicked so fast! I was worried with the title that it was gonna be a video against the ordinary and Im broke and use them haha! Love your input and alternatives and how you explained everything!
Me: *just ordered 3 new ordinary products* James: *drops this video 2 days later* Me: it's cool my products work for my skin needs at this time
You still lookin nice James hahaha  Reallyy whyy??? I am about to order that the ordinaryy but im having second thoughts already hahahaha
Guys what’s a good way of removing blackheads that actually works?
The caps on all my serums from the ordinary broke after one use
James your hair looks so cute this way 😂💖
Watching this video after having ordered products yesterday 👁👄👁
I *hate* the Ordinary. Or my skin does at least.
I stopped using ordinary products they all feel so sticky sometimes pilll / ball up 😖 not a fan of their formula 😐 Despite having dry skin they all felt very sticky it’s a very amazing brand but it isn’t for me ! Every time I use niacinamide I got a new pimple  :( But my frnds, they’ve had very good experience from the ordinary brand !
the loona lightstick in the bg is giving me life oml i got mine a few days ago and i’m still reeling
Great topic thanks! Can you do a video for say, what's your minimalist routine if you're camping and have limited access to water?
I was going to say I like the new hair style, but then you said it was the rain 😂 but it still looks good 👍👌
Ugh, James needs to stop apologizing for his appearance. He always looks great.
Clicked so fast 🏃🏻‍♀️💨
I was gonna say how much I like the “NEW” hairdo when James explained He just was in rain 😄😄😄 But it does look really nice!
I picture your dog with the most glowy hair :) ... like his owner’s skin 😊
Switched back to Loona?
You look incredible. I mean you always do but your skin and hair are 🔥 and I just felt the need to comment it!
Oh the ordinary? I bougjt two products and idk they didnt do the best thing for me. If it works for you good for you but ya good thing i bought it with my gift card so i dont regret buying it but im glad it works for so many people
Hey HEY
I honestly LOVE the messy hair!
Love your hair like that!
I’m using Ordinary since July and my skin got so much better! But I also feel like I can still upgrade my skin care routine products, so this is interesting to watch :) thank you!
I’ve ordered salicylic acid serum from facetheory, the one from the ordinary gave me a chemical burn
Why do you and your brother always post at the same exact time 😂. I'm conflicted, who am I going to watch first 😅?
thanks for the vid! the hair looks great lol
If James would make a video about "grooming and sometimes hair" id probably watch it even though i dont have a beard to groom
Earlyyyy😍
GIRL FRONT 💗💗
Something seems sus. Whenever you upload, your brother uploads. Who’s copying who?
Robert just uploaded at the same time lol
I have never clicked so fast....
me opening this while i look at my collection of the ordinary: 👁👄👁
How you two gonna post at the same time 😤✨
love u
Yay !! Love from India ❤️
Ahh yes, my weekly dose of James 🥰
I feel like this is gonna be a controversial one lol
I'm literally browsing for TO acids rn!! Did you stalk me?? 😂😂😂
Love your voice😍
🤨
earlyyyy
You and Robert uploaded at the same time🤣🤣
Clicked so fast!
I love that pikachu in the background ! <3
The hair looks really nice on you like that!
hello omg i missed you
Im earlyyy!!
Yessss I’m first 🌸
I'm binging your videos 😂😂
May I say FIRST... :)
First
