Any questions? Check out the FAQ: https://www.totalwar.com/blog/total-war-rome-remastered-faq/ Choose your faction and join the fray in the Total War Discord server: https://discord.gg/totalwar
Laggy garbage game !
I return too u at the turn of the tide !!
I has been years and I come back from time to time to view this again, it is truly inspirational
Still one of the cooles Trailers Ever
angel
would be a great honor medieval 2 total war remastered  Ps, big fan 😊
When you best employee that quite returns and your former boss explains who you are to the arrogant store manager.
totla war is my heart 😍😍😍
Ok, lemme buy this quick and nimble
"He forged the empire 16 years ago." My inner 13 year old: "THAT'S ME THAT'S ME!!"
lastima que el juego es una basura si lo comparamos con el original y pesa mucho para no tener muchas mejoras
Sometimes i come back here to watch this trailer... it gives me chills! "WELCOME BACK, SON OF ROME"
Oooh
Now we need for Medieval II Remastered : "Welcome back, son of Knight !"
THE DAY IS ouRS!
They need to add to total war titles a unique immortal player character called the son of ( insert nation)
if they ever make a Medieval 2 remastered, I hope we get an epic trailer like this one.
Welcome back Son of Rome
Back when I thought they were gonna release Rome 3
0:12 *Youtubers talking about a mod:* "this way consul"  *Modders:* "who do you think had this place built"
Ain't nobody gonna point out how this dude looks like John Bernthal and Trent Reznor put together?
a total war game with a  live action cutscence would dope
I have to honestly say, this trailer, for as short as it is...has an insane amount of hype added to it.  It's perfect.
I'm wrong or the"son of Rome" looks like CGI Belisarius of The Last Roman trailer?
Whenever the God-Emperor popped up in history.
How can I download the patch if I dont have steam?
My Game Crashing/Freezing Constantly After Playing 10-15 Min Does Someone Has Any Fix Help Me I Tried Everything?
0:10 Red Alert death sound. "Ooohhh."
do not buy this game. this is the biggest ripp off ever!!
Encanto! gracias <3
Rome conquered the world because when the god was playing Total War from heaven, he chose to play with Roman faction.
Make Rome total war + three Kingdoms total war then you get the best game in the series
"What difference can one man make?"  Sounds like this man has never heard of Aurelian!
WE NEED EMPIRE TOTAL WAR 2 PLEASE
Excellent, now I must finish Total War Rome 2.
HARKEN TO ME, ROMANS! YE SHALL NOT TAKE BACK JUDEA! WE SHALL FIGHT TILL THE VERY LAST JUDEAN HAS FALLEN!
I love this trailer so much! xD
It is a bad trailer because none of these two characters looks roman/Italian.
EVA: Welcome back, commander
*We follow the standards, wherever they lead us, from the barbaric forests of Germany, to the mist shrouded hills of Caledonia, the Tamers of the Britons march on.*
What's the name of the music I can't find him
Romans must speak Latin, not barbarian language.
Less then 24 hours to go!
ahh the nostalgia will hit me like a frieght train with this one. It was the 2nd game I had bought when I was a kid and damn I had played so many times over n over n over again, still have my CDs. So many hours and so many memories, one of the most favorite game of mine of all time ❤️❤️❤️
By the gods I hate gauls
Damn how did i miss this update a month ago?!
Now THIS... Does put a smile on my face. *:')*  LP
This would have been amazing if it turned out to be some 30 year old in a t-shirt with "Time Commanders" on it and a wrist support from all the RSI he had over Rome 1.  "alright lads!"
Bring us "Total War: Arena" back!
I can't believe it!! Total War never forgot the best of best game thanks!!! from korea
Please be well optimised please be well optimised please be well optimised.....
This is the best thing to happen in 2021 So far, BUT do you know what would be even better, a medieval 3 with a campaign map that can be modded.      definitively not for an amazing lord of the rings mod WINK WINK.
The turning of the hourglass to represent ending the turn at 0:48 was just so good. Kudos CA
The Total War equivalent of AOE2 Remastered
Total war's two series, Rome and Three kingdoms, acutually descriped the history of two realms with roughly the same timeline but located on the each side of Eurasia Continent.  Three Kingdoms [208AD] is a Chinese split period that took place after the end of Han Empire of China, a 400 years united giant realm in the east, inventing papermaking and armillary sphere,  creating poetry, discovering the silk road for trading with the west even Rome indirectly. While Western Rome Empire, which had also 400 years length, had great time expanding the territory, inventing unique politic system, eternal architecture and literature, etc.. Both two had greatest military power in the region but missed each other, just imagine what story could happen if these two super powers got conflict or formed an alliance.
1: make a game ($) 2: make a sequel that can live forever with the workshop ($$) 3: make the sequel buggy and unplayable ;) 4: modify the 1st game just a lil bit and sell it to all. ($$$) 5: buy a nice boat and sail to Ostia, then go up the river to the eternal city. You are now the Emperor. ($$$$$$)
Medieval Total War III Next please.
Total War: Rome is the "Son of Rome" and it gets a second chance!
давно это было. он стар как и я.....   I have returned!!!!!!!!!
I want the latin ... why english :)
ohh I forget to dislike dis, so I came here to dislike devs that keep wasting time on fantasy geid0gg0 theme, half geid0gg0 fantasy, and not fantasy but not so realisthicc nor reliable(I rate no.2 best) but the main thing is WHY Y'ALL o Creative Assembly DEVS NOT INTO MAKING THE CHADTEST PEERLESS LEGENDARY GOD ABOVE ALL TOTAL WAR ＭＥＤＩＥＶＡＬ　ＩＩ　ＴＯＴＡＬ　ＷＡＲ 　Ｍ２ＴＷ
Will you return to the source of the sunrise...
Hello dear developers of The Creative Assembly. I really like your games, especially Total War: Shogun 2. I have a question for you: will you continue the Shogun series of games? I would like to see Japanese battles, diplomacy and a spectacular picture again. Thank you for giving us gifts and making us happy with your great projects. Good luck in the future!
Oh Yeah. Awesome. For the Glory of Rome!
yuuus!
if the julii campaign doesn't start with "Gods!  I hate Gauls" I'll riot
I got this for my 13th birthday  and now I shall play this on my 29th birthday!  which is one day before  release lol its almost  as if CA knew lol thanks total  war!
Give us medieval 3
"He forged the empire." "16 years ago" (Rome: BI)  "He conquered distant realms (Warhammer), perfected the Art Of War (Three Kingdoms) for his return." "Welcome back, Son of Rome!" (Rome Remastered).
#QadrNightDateRamadan1442 "Announcing the appointed time for night of Al-Qadr is better than a thousand months, to him among you who will go forward or will remain behind" Imam Mahdi Nasser Mohammad Al-Yemeni 18 - Rajab - 1442 AH 02 - 03 - 2021 AD https://awaited-mahdi.com/forum/showthread.php?p=344417
Picking this up for 15$ on steam... right away. Mando!!!  Got over a thousand hours on the original.
Roma Victa!
Gods I hate Gauls, my Grandfather hated them too
Tradução PT BR ???
1:11 - "Not all of us get a 2nd chance." Creative Assembly admits how awful Rome II was at launch.  I am sure with Rome Remastered this is their 2nd chance to get it right and not to mess up this classic.  Rome was my favourite PC game.  This Remastered version is available on Steam on the 29th April which coincidently is my Birthday.  I feel the gods have smiled upon me!  I will smile upon them if they did a Medieval 2 Remastered version too!  Thank you Creative Assembly!
You literally HAVE to make Med II remastered now sorry I don't make the rules.
Total war  Rome this game will succeed 10 top it’s fine you make money I’m happy to sign better product be successful
cool but whats gameplay?
Should make a Total War: WW1 and a Total War: WWII that would be badass!!!
Been waiting over 15 years for this. And of course it is being released in the middle of my masters thesis. Hahah. Jupiter give me strength to resist.
I've got this game on my mobile now😂
Where is empire total war 2
Best remastered trailer ever!
And mediëval 2 after this !
"welcome back son of Rome" that gave me chills because i know they mean us the players, thank you for this total war thank you sooo much.
HOW YOU JUST DROP THIS ALL OF THE SUDDEN WHAT?!?!
Improved AI or the same mindless hive-mind swarm behavior?
low key kinda funny how the dialoged also in a very subtle up for our experience with the game. We left a long time ago and now we are returning after spending years of mastering the art of war in different realms.
😲 wow real cinematic , awesome
i hope there will be also a remaster of total war kingdoms
April 30th...productivity plummets for a section of a populace. A lot of "doctor's appointments" have been scheduled for that day.
The game thanks to I discover Total War . So many memories. But Right now I discover Foxhole, what a game! So not sure i would have enough time
Roma Invicta!
Just make medival 3 and everyone should be happy
So Creative Assembly....Med 2 Remaster when? :P
YES...GAME
Pre-order done .... attacking the Gauls listening to "Mayhem" or "Melee Café "  is the height of life  😄😄😄
Yes! YES! Remastered baybeeeee!
Empire Remastered.  PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE!!!
Half expected Legendoftotalwar to be the guy.  And him saying “guess whose back, f**kers”
We want depth for games not extreme graphics or fantasy world. Keep going that way thank you for rome remastered.
Biggest let down I've ever seen, keep your money people and wait for TWWH3. This lazy arse junk is basically some fake "HD" BS, they didn't even rework the animations... 30€ for some fake HD whereas the mod community has done an amazing job ever since and for free ! But be my guest if you wanna waste some quids just for the nostalgia...
Add this features and its a perfect game: -an online campaign (maybe even with 3 or 4 Player Support) -better ai (for campaign and battles) -no campaign map size Restrictions for  modding (just imagine a huge world map) -dillemmas from modern total war games (would give mods more possibilitys for roleplaying etc) -unit replenishment from modern total war games (with possibility to choose between this an the original system).
Даже не думал, что это возможно.... Сколько часов в оригинале у меня..... Нет им числа.
I feel like the way they slowed down the "son of Rome" moment was meant to have added meaning somehow.......is that the same actor from Ryse?
Now we just need one for M2TW!
I will fight for the Julii till my sword arm aches from overuse !
S.P.Q.R.
On hearing about this game I literally fantasized about being a legendary general returning to Rome in its hour of need and now I find *this* trailer.   I sense the Fates are trying to tell me something...
Now we just need to bring back the BBC's Time Commanders show..!
Rome II is already a thing, though... i'll pass on this shameless moneygrab, thanks.
Yea Total war gamers don't look like that guy.
I like it
Ah, encore des romains qui parlent anglais. Quelle déchéance dans l'Empire!
„A fermenti aestuosa Libya volat aquila legionum. Supra terra Brittannorum volat aquila legionum. LEGIO AETERNA VICTRIX.“  It looks like its time to conquer the world once again.
My sword arm well once again ache from overuse for days!!!!
we need more historic total war
1:10 Said Medieval Total War
BRING BACK TOTAL WAR ARENA PLEASEEEEE
God, this video is just like you, you've finally returned Total War, welcome back, Gods of Gaming. P.S. really looking forward to this - 28 days to go
Watched it 20 times already...
What is with rome tw Android? Does the game become remasterd with a update? or must be bought seperate?
woow with this remaster the graphism are really incredible, you guys know your job
Now THAT was a trailer
FINALLY THE REAL TOTAL WAR NOT SOME HERO WITH FANTASY ABILLITY , cant wait for shogun 2 , empire napoleon ....
Creative assembly: announced Rome remastered.  Everyone: _Shut up and just take my money_
Multiplayer campaign?
So I bought the original for $2 or so on steam several years ago and now I get 50% off the remaster?    Is this how stonks work?
They better put Jeff Van Dyck in charge of the soundtrack !
this is so good, hope shogun 3 release in 2022 :)
finally! teh gods are with us!
Let's gooooooo!
Mobile port to PC , nice money grab
This is the perfect game for an Online (co-op) campaign.  1. Probably the Shortest endturn Times of All Total war games 2. Modabillity to create small, fast paced campaigns with even shorter endturn times  3. Fast Battles 4. Both or (if you really want to make us happy) all three players Could play as the different Roman factions 5. Rome vs Carthage would be epic 6. Its Rome Total war!! We all loved it and Played it a thousand times over, its time to get competitive and See who really Mastered Rome Total Wars Campaign
I want Empire 2
EMPIRE 2 TOTAL WAR. come on guys this is a must now.
?? Rome 3 ??
This was my childhood !
I'm STILL waiting for Empire 2: Total War.
THE ORIGINAL ITALIAN MELEE CAFE IS READY AGAIN
CHARIOTS. Plz dont frack this title up.
No gameplay? As far as live action trailers go its a good one but would like to see how cripsy fresh its looking.
plz think about empire total war 2 or at least update the game plz its my childhood
Ok I'd cut off a finger to play this but it shouldn't be $80
Medieval 2 next please. I will drop money for both.
Please restore the cut content. Allowing the players to accept or reject Adopted and Man of the Hour Generals and letting players decide the allocation of slaves by  the presence or absence of generals in a city gives us more choices and more control. Don't repeat the mistake of Rome II which cut content to the game's detriment.
Huge.
Seems silly
"Our Roman Gods are watching make sure they  are not ashamed!"
We are the sons of Rome...Total War.
I wonder if they will add cut content such as illyria this time around or keep it out. That would be lit! Also fix egypt. XD
Omg my childhood game! I have both the steam and box version with the og CDs! THIS and medieval 2 are amongs my favourite games and Rome 2 disapointed me... this hype me so much!!! Oh my gosh! Please. Just dont oops it Total war. If this can be remade with all the charm of the original with maybe the beautiful immersive landscape of like warhammer totalwar this would be perfect! But otherwise i would certainly buy anyway. :)
Medieval 2 Remastered, pleeease)
"What difference can one man make?" *leo messi appears*
Medieval 2 Total War next?
DAAAAAYYYUUUUM
Here we go again...  Also waiting for shogun remastered, medieval and mb total war arena...
Absolutely one of the best things ever to remaster! Still play the old version on my phone and will happily get this!
*We had no time to prepare for this!*
This is great. Medieval 3 next please
Will you not making it an Epic exclusive? Nevermind, I forgot this is a good game.
I have a very great friend in Rome called Biggus Dickus!
I ve played the hell out of rome 2,excited for this one!
But why no multiplayer campaign though
City under siege sir!
Sweet. Exciting times ahead. Probably my most favourite game of all time
Lol at using the term "your Grace". pre GoT we would have been wtf?
I swear to every god in existence is this better not be like the other romes and it better just be a really nice version of the first one....I’m literally about to cry bois
Epic made an error lol, THIS is the Total War title they should have begged you to put exclusively on their store not Troy, thankfully they didn't.
Love that you remastered the best total war of all time. Just wished you added a coop campaign. Playing this gem with or against Friends would be a Dream come true.
Any plans for Medieval  Total War 2 Remastered ??
When he said Son of Rome I immediately heard "Damocles"
"welcome back, son of rome" I actually got goosebumps after that. Im so hyped.
We want brand new medieval total War three
The only total game I am confident to pre-purchase. God! I love this game, even it costs me half of my steam account :)
Our roman gods are watching.
It reminds me of the intro for Red Alert 3. Ominous. Is this a trailer for LegendofTotalWar's SYDC sessions?
We need medieval 3 ... Dont know if i buy this remaster edt. last months i already played Rome Total war😂 Also rome 2...which i also like very much
Now i have hope for new shogun game :D
the same old poor diplomacy the same awful IA the same OP romans but better graphics. this is actually  stupid.
Instantly purchased this when I saw it.  This is what the historical community was been thirsting for for years!  Can’t wait!
OMG I thought there is nothing perfect but Rome 2
Remake showgun... Now...
Well I be damn this is a good one thanksyou
hopefully it uses the older type maps that are easier to view with multiable provinces
Sorry but i dont understand what is the difference between rome 1 and rome ?
Legionary: What difference can one man make?!? Me: add_money
Greek faction players: "The world turns, what was *has* come again!"
Can we have Napoleon 2 already or medieval 3
This is gonna be good but not only because of the game itself but also the mods.
I purchased Rome Total War a few years back. That game was horrible. I purchased a few more titles including Cyberpunk. All were buggy or unplayable. Moral of the story...let them release and wait a weeks before you buy it.
Empire 2 or victorians wars when? I'm sick of swords, arrows, shields, spears ...
Gods...I hate Gauls. My grandfather hated them too.
Finally!
Is there going to be multiplayer campaign?
Imperator! Only thing now is a truly great Med 3 and I'll be set for years.
waiting
https://youtube.com/channel/UCLByjp_M_Sg_xXuiacxJnQA
Okay maybe I have goosebumps
Yes I WILL NOT BUY ofcourse...total war is kidding with historical game lovers...and this is bad situation for us....already i am waiting KNIGHTS OF HONOR SOVERIGN...i dont care your remastered game!!!
Sega you can make a remastered for rome but you can't for medieval ????!!!!!  What deaf foolishness and your bald stupidity ????? Why not medieval ? Did no one can think about but just the fucken mony ???? The secuond vdieo games tragedy ?? I hope not.
Okay it really should have just been a fat discord mod with a fedora what a wasted opportunity
Now I REALLY need a new pc.
imperator
please dont make a new game we dont like new games whatever you do just rehash old ones. please
I am kinda sick of remakes all over the place but no issue with this.
Kinda remind me of warpath
The nostalgia ❤️❤️❤️
Your are not listening ppl. Omg All want med3
Cant wait to play
Will it be available on mobile?
Still hoping for an Empire redone 🙏
Damn good trailer, respect
Hypetrain entered
am i being paranoid or is the first thing i hear in this what never gonna give you up sounds on a piano?
Give us MULTIPLAYER CAMPAIGNS PLEASE!
"YEEEESSSSSSSS"  - Screams in heavy infantry
Ra phiên bản riêng rồi ah
Roma invicta!
How about Medieval II Remastered?
I dunno, after so many event it is hard to trust game that been "remastered"... at least not gonna pre-order it. I will wait for review of others to decide.
Maaan cringe af...  Loved it!!
ебать... это круто конечно..... но это еще один рим........все вы знаете че мы ждём ..... когда медь 3??? :(
Swear to god! 🤯
I have returned Papa Rome. I have returned from foreign lands where dragons fly, tubes of iron belch fire and Son of Heaven calls eunuchs Imperial Mom and Dad. It's good to be back.
HYPE! Family tree, skirmishers that actually skirmish, battle map terrain that 100% matches world map terrain(Bannerlord just implemented this mechanic, a mechanic that CA has totally abandoned in all follow on TW games), ambush, siege ladders, awesome system of building siege per turn, the ability to choose which reinforcements go into a battle, building camps/forts in the field, reinforcements all enter battle as one army, reinforcing army enters the battle in relation to where they're located on the world map pre battle,  and most important of all, MODDER FRIENDLY. How could CA f...ck up or just completely abandon all of the amazing game mechanics and features I listed, in follow up TW games? Rome set the bar and CA did their best to get away from everything that Rome TW did so well. If it's not broken, DON'T FIX IT! Very happy to see this masterpiece remastered.
Will this be a historical game or a SJW laden laugh fest?
Please do the same for Medieval 2!!! Thank you so much for this remaster for Rome!!!
personally i prefer the units from Rome 2...prefer the gameplay from rome 1
Dang. Exciting! First Diablo 2 Remaster. Now this. Eyes on Bethesda now to give us Morrowind remastered and my 2000s Nostalgia trip will be complete.
April fools!
just give it to everyone who has rome 2 free
A suitable placeholder. Now please make Medieval 3
The list of roman territories is incomplete. *YOU* *CAN* *HELP* *BY* *EXPANDING* *IT*
Empire needs a remastering!  Actually I'd rather just have Empire 2.
lol worst trailer ever
ROME IS ETERNAL
My spirit is invigorated
This gives me hope for Medieval 2 remaster 😭😭😭
I opened up steam to play some age of empires and saw this, promptly screamed
Thank you finally!!!!!
perfeito
Sorry but with the last couple of total war games I can't get hyped for it  We need something like an empire or napoleon total war not another spears and shields
NOT TO STEAL THE THUNDER FROM THE SONS OF ROME AWAITED RETURN !!!  WE MUST HAVE A SHOGUN 2 REMASTERED AS WELL !!! Samurai , Ninjas , Geisha oh my !
Ну хз, это рассчитано на конкретных фанатов и именно первого Рима, им по любому зайдет.                        Но хочу высказать свое личное мнение, и оно наполнено критикой в адрес CA, так что повторю это мое личное мнение, и не надо мне в комментарии горы каловых масс накидывать, я такой же фанат Total War как и вы, с 2000года с Сегуна первого подсел, даже еще помню главного конкурента Сегуна, была такая игра Такеда. Уже и не  помню когда последний раз Medieval вторую гонял, да что там Medieval, уже не помню когда запускал Рим 2. А эту "новинку" даже качать не собираюсь, что бы просто посмотреть, и думаю движок Warhammer да и сами CA, уже давно готовы  показать нам что то вроде, если не второй то хотя бы первой мировой, а они - СА все рукоблудием каким то страдают, этот их формат Сага Total War, словно подачки для фанатов исторического сегмента Total War, как заплатки в дырявой лодке, мол фанаты не разбегайтесь вот вам конфетка, погрызите пока, а мы еще денег сгребем с фанатов Warhammer и азиатского региона с их Троецарствием. И я даже рад, что ребята богатеют, а значит новым Total War быть и быть еще долго. И мне бы даже было бы понятно и был бы очень рад переносу Medieval на движок Атиллы, с припиской циферки 3, даже не смотря что есть замечательный мод 1220 для Атиллы, или хотя бы 15-16 века Европы, зарождение огнестрельного боя, знаменитые терции, наемные армии с кондотьерами, ландскнехты и т.д., а сколько в те времена конфликтов было ууу..., но нет, грызи Трою и переделка первого Рима. К сожалению хрен что может сделать простой смертный фанат Total War, остается только ждать, может когда я уже буду на пенсии (лет через 25)))) и выйдет Total War посвященный концу 19го века началу 20ого века.
Who is this son of Rome? Cesar, Scipio or any other in barbarian invasion?.
I look nothing like that.
Process_cq
Question: Will it be anything like Rome II?
They will do anything to avoid making Medieval 3 haha
Personally, I think Rome2 fits the expectation of Rome fans. I don't see the point of remastering Rome1. What we really need is Medival3 or Empire2.
FINALLY. This and Medieval II remastered is all I need.
Parthia Joined the Chat 🇮🇷🐎
please for the love of god make them climb the siege tower with no problems this time
I was positive the game's name was Rome: Total War, not the other way around --'
I'll wait for the dlc that lets you play as rome....
Other milking yay. The new UI make me feel like I'm playing on a phone rather than a pc
going to pass this title. Too many Rome. lol.
This is terrible news! I'm going to spend months on this game!
I just bought Rome 2 like 3 Days ago, why didn´t you guys tell me earlier?
What is the difference between rome 2 and this rome remastered? Is the faction or campaigns are completely different?
Give me the gameplay. AHORA!
they are referring to me  .....16 years ago
tell me I'm not dreaming god please tell me I'm not dreaming
This was the game me and my brother loved when we got our first Pentium 4 PC. The fact it's getting a remaster is awesome.
Oh man, this is so corny like those 90s-2000s Command & Conquer cutscenes...   GIVE ME SOME MORE!
Why rome remaster? There is Rome2! Just provide medieval total war2!!!
Empire 2 remaster pls
I am a son of Rome.
Welcome back son of Rome
Can you guys add the ability to have co op or head to head campaigns.
Please keep the old soundtrack
What can I say ? I m extremely grateful
Looking forward to this :)
does this means that total war medieval 2: remastered have a chance!!!!
0:9 that death sound sounds liek red alert soldier death sound
Will there be a disk?
Finally, enough of that Warhammer crap
Think this would have been better if he was speaking to the camara, to the player
“What’s so important about him?” “He forge the empire 16 years ago!” If this trailer is made in 2020 and only release this year, this consul would be referring to the release of Rome: Total War in 2004. Welcome back, Imperator!
WE WANT MEDIEVAL 2 NOT ROME, WE ALREADY HAVE ROME 2... JESUS CHRIST I'M TIRED OF ROME CAMPAIGN.
“He has conquered distant realms” yea, i fought rat people, long ears, lizardmen, vampires, chaos’s bitches in the name of Sigma. “Perfected the art of war” laugh in Liu Bei 🤣
this!! is quality content!!
But why not Rome 2 remastered??
We rome total war players know what's best for gaming....
True time killer coming soon... " A life time"
Now can we expect the game to stay true to form?  I fully expect CA to "remove" the following features*:  Generals speach intro Fully dynamic and responsive battle music Agent action cinematic Naval combat   basically everything that makes the older games vastly stand out from the newer ones.  I especially miss the dynamic music.  imagine, you have setup your army, the sounds are still and calm with a light musical tone in the background. the INSTANT you start moving your troops, more intense music plays making you feel ready to slam into the enemy, pumping up the atmosphere. when the fighting starts it shifts again to full on battle music.  this feature has since been lost and was really, really cool.
It's like they watched Dovahhatty 's unbiassed history series before making this trailer.  Totally chad trojan ancestry TM son of Rome, one man saving the empire, dat CHAD face.
Hoping for the same for Medieval Total War
I hope that the possibility of calling it “Total War: ROME RESTORED” was at least discussed.
Besieging settlement sir! Settlement under siege sir!  Victory!  SETTLEMENT CAPTURED!
Do Total war 3 please please
This and warhammer 3
I'm not sure what to expect
I literally just bought rome total war, bout to be pissed if they actually remaster this
i want Medieval 2 remastered :(
Why would anyone dislike this? Nothing better to do?
For me is more welcome son of parthia
The daaAayY is OuuURrssss
EMPIRE 2
Вспомнили классику. Мой  первый Тотал Вар, эх...
After screwing up 2.  Look where they have come.  Crawling back to 1.
"Since then he has conquered distant realms". Yes, he became king of Jerusalem, master of Europe, Shogun of all Japan.
Unit, Double Time!!!
Hopefully,vega 8 can play it
Pointless. Nobody cares about remasters of old games
medieval 2 next
Wait, what the heck?! WHEN WAS THIS EVEN A THING?! *Happy Crying Noises in the background*
And now do Medieval remastered ^^
yesss. gonna order this on steam.
Oh yes, I am going to preorder now !!!!!!!!!!!!!!   Where is mom's credit card.
I'm against merchandise in general, but if CA made any for this release, I'll sell my house just for a wallpaper.
Is that the same guy that was Walker in GRB and the walking dead tv show? I forgot his name
So I have 0 nostalgia for Rome, as Empire is what brought me into the series, so i want to commend you for giving me chills with an excellently crafted trailer.
Just yes
no Medieval remastered yet
still waiting for empire total war remastered. but still cool
Marketing and nothing new. Remake ... No, worse ... Same movie, only now in 4K, but for the price of a new film (game). Marketing and nothing new! A rare shame!!!
oh my god now? in this way lol
Soooo, do you guyse have pigs?
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES
Brutii Gang.
Honestly disappointed.
"Buy or we will attack. Please do not attack." - CA diplomat arrived with an offer.
期待 dllm
Gods... I hate Gauls. My grandfather hated them too.
shut up and take my relationship!
Is this part of the beastmen update
CA, TOTAL WAR I LOVE YOU! My child- and adulthood thank you!
is their multiplayer campaign?
CA plz make a remastered version for medieval 2 ! :)
someone alert PRINCEOFMACEDON he has a job again
Now do it with the empire and napoleon
Heh, well played. Goosebumps
It's finally time to return to where it all began.
Jesse?
*Yawn* Still waiting for Medieval remastered..
My goodness they've done it again
Gods be praised! Old Rome: Total War is back, Rome II know that doom approches
FINALLY!!!! Too long waiting for this.
Very well now remastered medieval 2.
pls med 2 remastered, PLS!!!! im begging
PLEASE remaster empire total war and possibly napoleon
I want an in-game footage trailer.
Please medieval total war remake or medieval 3, it's the best total ever
Yo can they make that little clip into a whole show real quick?
FAN GIRL SCREAM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
YOWWW, if total war rome got it remastered version, that mean med 2 might also have a remastered. Am i right?!?!
Roma Surrectum!!!!!
Please remaster Medieval 2 after this, but this makes me hype
THEY BETTER DO THIS TO THE MOBILE VER I SWEAR
It does look awesome, and I loved it and play it to death back in the day, but £25 for what essentially is still 16 year game (even with the updates)...hmmm? It still sits on my shelf along with the first Shogun and every subsequent Total War (or on Steam/Epic). Shogun at the time blew me away but wouldn't go back to playing it. In some ways this updating of Rome beats the hell out of Troy, a game I think that was a missed opportunity and I still feel does not have the depth of Rome or Rome 2. Those are my thought and I hope people that do get this edition of Rome enjoy it as much as I did all those years ago...
medieval next! but with auto replenshment plz:(
Zaman dondu sanki. her şey sıradandı.  İyiyim dedim herkese. ağlamam zaman aldı :'(
Can't wait to see the remastered Pink Pajama Men
Oh look, another remaster! Almost as if the games industry is completely out of new ideas.
439 dislikes must be from etruscans, this is just great!
That graphic tho! Looks so real!
I love you guys. I really am❤️
Do Spartan total warrior next please!  (But fix the Archimedes level)
Awesome, now do Medieval Total war 2 please
Awesome, I was just thinking about picking this game back up again!!
If it sells well, I can smell a Medieval 2 remasterd in 2022:)
They run like frightened rabbits!
This is a good sign. If this does well it might reinvogorate the historical total wars. I hope they give both a pure graphical update and a tweaked version for this though. There are problems with Rome that would be nice adressing but it's risky so having 2 versions in the same game (one with mainly AI tweaks, one vanilla) would be optimal.
MeRCeNerY pElTaStS!!!!
YOHANAN(JOHN/JUAN) 14:6 "I AM THE WAY AND THE TRUTH AND THE LIFE. NO ONE COMES TO THE FATHER EXCEPT THROUGH ME" "YO SOY EL CAMINO Y LA VERDAD Y LA VIDA. NADIE VIENE AL PADRE SINO POR MI".......
My first total war game back in the days
The dude look so much like oliver sykes that i was certain it was a new bring me the horizon music video .... anyway ,
my first total war ever, my favorite total war coming back brings me tears ...
Que cutre, que lo pongan en latín subtitulado. Romanos hablando Sajón
Remaster fight night 4 dammit
tbh I am not a fan of remasters but unfortunately it is not very comfy to play the original rome even on a good pc cause it's not supporting multi core. So maybe this will be one of the few games, I will appreciate a remaster.
Just imagine the Europa Barbarorum of this.
Wonder if they will botch this one too.
Where is my neolithic total war?
Empire 2
So im back to my usual route of playing Julii, teleporting my diplomat to Pergamum, bribing the city along with the general Eumenes of Sparta, and making him Flavius Julius' 4th son. ie me, ie the next faction heir who will live 122 years and restart his life in 90 years 🤣
Finally something goooooood
Who’s gonna be a Julii for 15h hours a day again? Me boys
Ahh yes, a second chance to reforge the empire. *Picks Seleucids instead of title faction again*
Total war Empire next please
https://frostunlimited.us/products/xiaomi-nextool-rechargeable-flashlight-2000lm-380m-5modes-ipx7-waterproof-5000mah-led-light-type-c-seaching-torch-for-camping-mi
Why?
so far i think this is the best game that might come out in the entire 2021.
STEAM WORKSHOP
Sonunda gerçek total war.Yeni ile eskinin karışımı.Sabırsızlanıyorum.
Please that’s the original guy from the cover art
that awesome !!!
Unbelievable game!
Meh.
I still play the egyptian theme in my head !
Наконец-то!!! Займитесь историей мать вашу, долой вархамер, даёшь Medieval 3)))
YES YES YES YES YESSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! OH MY GOODNESS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Real life footage of legend saving your disaster campaign
Yes yes yes yes yes!!!
A remaster‽ The hope of ever seeing a truly historical Total War again is rapidly fading.
I hope you guys will fix the egypt units.
Is this real
Veni, vidi, vici
Nice
Well isn’t it just Rome 2 then???
Yeah hello? Hey maybe we can get Empire total war 2 before I die please? Instead of remastering already good games?
God I have been waiting for this so long.
"Let the tournament in remembrance of hating gauls begin"
WE NEED MEDIEVAL 2 REMASTER!
THE DAY IS OURS
Yeah, I remember the last time you sold me a TW Rome game with a bullshit cinematic trailer.
Se tiver legendas em português Br vai ficar melhor ainda !!
Can't wait to see the bullshit DLC practices CA put into this.
about time even thou i wish it was Rome 2 what was being Remastered
Cue up Soldiers Chant!!!
UNLEASH HELL!
ave roma  invicta
Just please, I beg you - don't  "remaster" it for cutting out base game content for the 400$ worth of DLCs
When shogun 2 remastered? 🤣
0:54 Well, someone obviously haven't watched LegendofTotalWar's Save my Disaster Campaigns...
Yea finally they stopped the all the fantasy stuff, historical total wars are the best
It better have Jeff van Dyck's traks in it !
Yeeeeaaah buddy
OUR ROMAN GODS ARE WATCHING! MAKE SURE THEY ARE NOT ASHAMED!
YesSIR
WHAAAAATTTTTT
How much ram
Am I the only one who thinks the guy on the thumbnail looks like Adam Sandler?
Rome is worhty for our empire!
Time for an NTW remaster as well?
Please give an option to have the classic ui in the campaign map.
Why Rome? We have  Rome 2 . Where medieval 3 ?
I have a terrible laptop.  But it is capable of playing Rome Total War.  I am finally getting a new laptop, and I was really looking forward to playing Total War Rome 2 for the first time.  Then, I find out about this remastering of the first!
I was half expecting him to be sitting behind a desktop computer
The die is cast ! Ancient Rome is back  baby !
Please don’t suck... Please don’t suck... Please don’t suck! 🤞🏼
LOVE the live action cinematic.
it needs a hotseat feature like Med 2! a lot of us nerdmans like to RP or just play as multiple factions at once
now Medieval II remastered pls and you can have my money.
OMG
"THE FANS ARE UTTERLY BEATEN!!! This a crushing victory! Worthy of a great CA/Feral Interactive!" - Rome Guy, Heroic Release Victory
Might just have saved this year
YES!!!
MEDIEVAL TOTAL WAR.....Thats all we want man.....
CARTHAGO DELENDA EST!!!!
Ghenghis khan total war please thankyou very much
Rome needs Us again. FOR THE EMPIRE!!!!
REEEEEEEEEEEEE there are no black actors in this REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
cant wait to spend 300 dollars on DLC for a game that came out 2 decades ago
YEAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Now, get on to real business and give us empire 2!!
Welcome back Commander
Mods are gona be Wild, and I love that!
HASTATI!!! 😂
why tf is this $30 to buy on steam I'm reluctant to buy this for a steam sale at $15 and ill never for $30 wtf are they thinking total war has been so disappointing for a long. long, long time
The mention of 16 years....you're pretty cheeky CA. Rome 1 come out just a little over 16 years ago
I hope everyone enjoys the upcoming Passover and Feast of Unleavened bread, Halleluyah.  Numbers 9:2  Let the children of Israel also keep the passover at his appointed season.  Exodus 23:15  Thou shalt keep the feast of unleavened bread: (thou shalt eat unleavened bread seven days, as I commanded thee, in the time appointed of the month Abib; for in it thou camest out from Egypt: and none shall appear before me empty.
0:10 I totally recognize that sound! that sounds just like the C&C: Red Alert 1 infantry death sound effect https://youtu.be/RKRKJmpd9D8?t=87
SOCIO EQUITES EXRODINARY❗❗.
And this couldn't be Rome Total War 3 why?
Total War: Rome Remastered. More like shut up and take my MONEY!!!
If it were Total War: Rome 3 I would buy ( or Shogun 3) more and a remaster then I pass 🥱
I thought it was a movie or something not a PC game but GG
Unleash Hell!!!
"Since then, he had conquered distant realms." --That, I did. That, I did. "Perfected the art of war for his return." --Oh yeah
WATCH AND WAITING... YOUR HONOUR.. SEARCHING FOR CLUES..
About damn time you lazy nerrrrrrds!!!
well I'm more of a Warhammer trilogy but this  is nice
IMAGINE IF EMPIRE TOTAL WAR WAS REMASTERED
Woah  the graphics looks truly realistic😅
Medieval 2 remastered or better yet a medieval 3 .... Either one I'm not picky 😂
Римляне не носили бороды..И где анонс Midieval 3 ?? Я пропустил?.
Remastered Total War Attila 👍ps5🤗👍🙏
Nice, I never experienced the og total war so i am going to buy tjis
WHERE IS MEDIEVAL 3 DAMMIT?!!
please stop warhammer for a second and bring out a new medieval, maybe like in the first part where you could choose the epoch, early, high and late Middle Ages. (Medieval 3😍) and if it is possible then please before corona kills half the world thanks.
What!? Why !? How!?
You had me at Welcome Back... LFG!!!
Amazing
As a fan of the original and rome 2 (DEI) I'm torn about this. Currently there is a mod that does this already. Why not just make medieval 3 already
Lets hope you guys keep your cool and no release DLCs like loco.
Im still confused how did the Romans became italian? Hollywood explains it all they were British to begin with but some how they act more Italian🤔 when I visited Rome😳🤯
Rated R: For Retards. Don't ever buy this total war crap. Just get RTW for free and use a mod like RSII, it will likely be better than what their dev team spent years making in this remaster. Buying this is still equivalent to those who throw 60 to 70$ at bad games and making you wonder why they want more.
Niiiice!!!
ROMA INVICTA!!!!
Hopefully they have Hannibal in it
una hermosa alegoría al juego mismo :))
TO ARMS, ROMANS, TO ARMS! We prepare for a new great age!
Let's go! My favorite game growing up is finally getting remastered!
Titus.....GET THE CROSSES!
Finally a hope
Life is good
10 of the World's Funniest One Liners  1. On the other hand, you have different fingers. 2. I've only been wrong once, and that's when I thought I was wrong. 3. God made mankind. Sin made him evil. 4. I don't find it hard to meet expenses. They're everywhere.  5. Bills travel through the mail at twice the speed of checks. 6. Vacation begins when Dad says, "I know a short cut." 7. Evolution: True science fiction. 8. I don't suffer from insanity; I enjoy every minute of it. 9. Always go to other people's funerals, or they won't go to yours.  10. You can't have everything; where would you put it?  Editorial:  Probably the most thought-provoking one-liner is "Eat right. Stay fit.  Die anyway." It's sad but true -- no matter what you do, you will die.  This is because you have sinned against God. Let's see if that's true:  Have you ever lied (even once)? Ever stolen (anything)? Jesus said,  "Whoever looks upon a woman to lust after her, has committed adultery  already with her in his heart." Ever looked with lust? If you have said  "Yes" to these three questions, by your own admission, you are a lying,  thieving, adulterer at heart; and we've only looked at three of the Ten  Commandments. How will you do on Judgment Day? Will you be innocent or  guilty? You know that you will be guilty, and end up in Hell. That's not  God's will. He provided a way for you to be forgiven. He sent His Son  to take your punishment: "God commended His love toward us, in that,  while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us." Jesus then rose from the  dead and defeated death. God promises everlasting life to all those who  confess and forsake their sins, and trust in Jesus Christ. Please do  that today . . . you may not have tomorrow. See John 14:21 for a  wonderful promise. Then read the Bible daily and obey what you read. God  will never let you down.
Please get a remastered version on mobile.
Yes
Woo, first good TW game since Shogun 2!
what are you doing CA? now i demand all to be remastered! especially medieval2...
whhhhattt
bit offensive to someone who has played about 70 carthage campaigns since 2004...
No way !
Narrative of Self is the result of a feedback loop between “Separate Self” & Cosmos🎈
Can we get a medieval 2 remastered?! Pleaaaase @totalwar
Welcome back Rome, not all TW get remastered
These graphics suck.
Now I can crush Gaul all over again... in HD!
Feral; please do your best; and we may even one day see M2TW remade 😫🙏
BROOOO
I hope the SUPER HIGH CONTRAST campaign map isn't something you will continue to move forward with in future titles. I thought it was just an aesthetic for Troy Total War, but we're seeing it again here with this remaster.
This feels like an ambush , a welcoming at that.
It finally had come I've been waiting for this , Especially the medieval Remastered.
Holy moly this is big
Finally a good total war game.
Where the hell did this come from!!! I am really looking forward to replaying this classic (and hopefully Shogun and Attila) with all the new mechanics and graphics that have evolved during the last few Total Wars.
Nooooo why Rome? Why not empire or medieval. Come ooon
The graphics look soooooo GOOD!          XP
Yey I can get loads of soldiers to charge at a handful of fully graded Spartans on the bridge map again!
Pff lame just show us gameplay
T R I A R I I
I LOVE you!!!
can they just make Egipt roster be more realistic xD  Greko-African/Egiptian  mix
But we want a medival total war! 😦
If you fail at this remaster. Im going to smith out my own sword and besiege your development studio like an angry rebel army without care about its own safety. I will destroy you
are the gonna make a series ? of it lol would be nice
mmmmh cant wait till XGM Diadochi is remastered for this. Base Rome 1 sucks but XGM Diadochi was a masterpiece.
16 YEARS AGO??  Way to break the 4th wall, lol
It just had to be PC only... smh
What I would not give for Shogun 3 with modern mechanics!
Ok 2021 just get better
*cracks knuckles* time to conquer the world with Numidia again.
Someone get MANY A TRUE NERD. Julianus Vetinius is getting a comeback the glorious bald bastard!
Is this being made in the new engine? Or the old one just with new assets?
Please, make the last one dlc for Rome2 - Mithridatic wars. Legendary period of rome. How dare you not making it))
ROME DEMANDS VICTORY FROM OUR GENERAL AND THIS DAY IS CLEARLY OUR VICTORY!!!!
Ave Roma
I am really happy that you took up this game, this is a game of my childhood and so on, but please do not do a combat like in Troy and Warhamer, I can not watch soldiers die if a spear stabs into the air next to them or how one person is able to break the whole squad.
Yesssssss F yesssssss!!!!
A little upsetting that a remaster of a 17 year old game is the most exciting recent news from Creative Assembly.
Legio aeterna victrix !!!!
they should bring back brian blessed for some promo footage
Oh my...
Give the person behind this trailer a big bonus, job well done, admits to past mistakes, acknowledge the value of this game, hail the players as the saviours of the franchise, the sons of total war .
The night grows long and the wolf grows hungry.
Finally a remaster, all we need after this is MEDIVAL 3! :D
Yes! There goes my summer!
Is that the best you can do "Total War"....you guys guys have been cooking soap on some really dry bones lately....
1:11: average Rome Total war player
Def. Boycotting this "remaster" crap..  u can stick those remasters and sagas up ur arse Ca!  Give us a full fletched game like Warhammer 3 not this Bs.!!  of course u can´t do that cause most of ur stuff is busy creating WH3 and the faction/country that u sold ur soul to, Cathay aka China.   a big FU to u CA. for betraying ur community!
estaba esperando kakaroto.... ESTE MOMENTO! SIEMPRE LO ESPEREEEEE
thanks for the complete lack of actual gameplay much appreciated
Will there be a blood and gore dlc?
It's time to reform my empire in this game. This game was my literal childhood and the game that started my love of RTS
Imperator!
Look how they massacred my boy
If the same battle music is in all I can say is take my money
I was waiting for him to say "Sally out the Cav from within the walls Let the Barbarians (AI) take the bait"
THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT WE WANTED! Holy potato, a game company actually giving the people what they ask for? HELLO?
AND THE FIRST MAN INTO BATTLE SHALL BE MY SISTER! THEY'LL BE FROCKS AND JOLLIES FOR EVERYONE! YOU'LL SEE!!!!!
medieval tw 3 with mongol faction
*After all, the man who's controls Rome controls the World*
Words cannot express...
Do medieval 2 PLEEEEEEEASE!!!!!!
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES!!!!!!!!
Can't spring things on us like that, good heavens
I want this now
plz remastered shogun total war
good news... I think. Shitty trailer though, reeks of 'modern'
Most REMASTERED other games have been just slight graphical updates and some tweaken in gameplay to make the games easier to play (for noobs). Resident Evil 2 REMASTERED set an example though.   I hope you guys follow up on that level.
AT THE DOUBLE!!
l'ha sviluppato un mio amico, è un grande!
Хуета какая-то, где ремейк на Medival 2?
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.
Cool, now give me Total War Empire Remastered  🔫
I want a new Empire Total War PLS I WANT MUSKETS, CANONS & GRAND SHIPS! I WANT TO GO BACK TO THE 1700s! Pls make it happen.
MEDIEVAL 3 PLEASE
Looks like Rome is about to be saved by Trent Reznor
Only a month to go
Holy Jesus yes
Nice video👌👌👌👌👌👌👍👍👍👍👍👍
Kind of looks like Trent Reznor
Is that the remastered of ROME TOTAL WAR 2??
I need new pants... Thanks CA! The Original Rome TW was one of my very first PC games back in the day! I still have the CDs for the install! It was, and still is one of my absolute favorites! I'm so f***ing excited for this it ain't even funny. Thank you!
The fantasy games may  have sold more on the surface but I am certain the fame base for those games are no where near as loyal or dedicated as the historical one
Now let’s see Total war Empire: Remastered.
poggers
It's rewind time
Sooo rome gets a remaster but not medieval 2??? And no medieval 3 still??!  Still cool tho
Total War: The Lord of the Rings pls
Yummy
Carthago delende est
If it uses the same game engine they have been using since Rome 2 Total war, its going to suck.
I'm curious! Total War: Medieval 1REMASTERED  but I would prefer
"A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one."
*T R I A R I I*
A MUST BUY !!!!!!!!!
Are other Total War games being remastered?  We do not currently plan to remaster any other classic Total War games. **Coughs,** "Umm there are NO other Total War games that ever needed to be upgraded to 4K.  It has been the absolute best game since Day 1 and IF other Total War had used that SAME formula of simplicity on their others, then the die-hard Rome Fans like myself wouldn't have been ONLY playing Rome to this day.  LOL, 512 hours on my Steam version alone.  I wish I had the hours on my other PC's over the years clocked.  Might be as many hours as my youngest child has been alive! LOL
오 공식 한글판 나오나
I can't wait for the MODS to make a comeback, too. 💪💪💪
I hope they fixed pathfinding, everything else seems amazing
Thanks Feral for caring about the fan base instead of the Chinese and fantasy markets. This is the right step but I still hope CA turns the franchise around. I played Troy for a day and three kingdoms a month. Have a at least 1000 hours on the others flawed as they were
And after this Medieval 3
Me: loading up my cheats for money and men.
No! It cannot be! Rome total war...REMASTERED!!! Time to start up the Hype Train!
IT'S HAPPENING EVERYBODY STAY CALM EVERYBODY STAY CALM STAY F***ING CALM
OH MY GOD OH MY GOD OH MY GOD :D
I've returned folks 😌💁🏾‍♂️
The game probably looks too appauling for the trailer to contain gameplay.
I sincerely hope the soundtrack is unchanged from the orinigal game. God I'm looking forward to this!  Also has it really been 16 years since Rome: Total War's release? It feels a lot longer than that.
EVERYONE LIKED THAT.
For a second I thought this was going to be an april fools video, until I checked the date
that guy looks like trent reznor
And no gameplay... The thing you'd sort of expect to see given this is a *graphical* update.
OW DAMN REMASTER
My life is remastered. Anno Domini 2004.
2021 is looking to be a damn good year aye
Yesterday kinguin declined it 3 times when i wanted to buy rome 1. Today i am happy i didnt try it a fourth time
Testudo formation!
THE DAY IS OUuUuUUUuRS!
RUN FOR THE HILLS!!!
Whattt!! this is amazing!! What? How? When?
Awesome news, but please ...please..PLEASE. Keep the original soundtrack. Its the best soundtrack done by Total War.
I have been telling all my friends "if theres one thing CA should do to reinvigorate the historical fans, its remaster Rome Total War" they all said there was no point, that i was crazy, WELL WHOS LAUGHING NOW HAHAHAHAHAHA
My tits are shaking
Please! TW Medieval 2 to! PLEASE
THIS IS THE ONE OF THE BEST NEWS I'VE EVER HAD IN MY ENTIRE LIFE!!!!!
We need this! Thank you finally
red alert command and conquer death sound at 0:10
16 years....a lifetime. God I feel old
Finaly something good from Sega! Please do Medieval 2 aswell
0:09, did anyone hear the death cry from Command and Conquer Red Alert?
wtffff
*WHAT?!*
Best of the best
OH MY GOD ITS HAPPENING
Sooo... This is live action of save your disaster campaign.
Does anyone know the difference between this and a hypothetical Rome 3?
*looks at the release date*  Is this a birthday gift just for me? Thank you CA and Feral Interactive!
Shaddap and take my money
The godfather of all the rts players and bloggers. Welcome back.
SHOGUN 3 !.
Plot twist, that is Legendoftotalwar and he is there to save a disaster campaign
ROMA INVICTA, ROMA AETERNA
This is welcome news indeed
so does that mean the Medieval 2 remastered is next??
Ooooooh I’m excited to see how many 40 dollar DLCs they can cram into this product.
Where’s empire?
I can't believe my eyes
Unpopular opinion here... The first total war game I played was Medieval II Total War and not Rome Total War. I have dedicated thousands of hours to that game and it is still my favorite total war game, probably due to nostalgia. But I wouldn't want a remaster version of Medieval II, but a Medieval III instead. A bit better graphics and controls won't get me more hyped for an all-time favorite game. I would prefer a new, possibly better game for which people would again ask for a remaster in 15-20 years. Many games are being remastered nowadays, a more or less cash grab tactic imo.
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.
The Fans so: "we want medieval 3!"  Sega so : " you get rome remastered!"
신라 토탈워를 만들어주세요
You better not lock off all the extra playable factions behind shitty DLC.
Childhood is coming.
Why there are black legionaries in this game, thats not historicaly accurate, for this time period at least? Did you add them in Three Kingdoms too? I want historical accuracy not political correctness bullshit.
At first I thought this was a mod
It happened in 1994
The AI in the original game was non existent.
YESSSSS YESSSSS YESSSSSS
Raya and the Last Dragon (2021) ✭ f'u"l'l M'o'V'i"E ✭ ᴡᴀᴛᴄʜ ɴᴏᴡ: playandwatchhere.blogspot.com/tt5109280/AffS `All Subtitle`     √™ Lorsqu'une pilule qui donne aux utilisateurs cinq minutes de super pouvoirs inattendus arrive dans les rues de 在整個人類歷史上，強者，富人和具有狡猾特質的人捕食部落，氏族，城鎮，城市和鄉村中的弱者，無`'守和貧窮成員。然而，人類的 生存意願迫使那些被拒絕，被剝奪或摧毀的基本需求的人們找到了一種生活方式，並繼續將其A融入不斷發展的人類社會。 說到食物，不要以為那些被拒絕的人只吃垃圾。相反，他們學會了在被忽視的肉類和蔬菜中尋找營養。他們學會了清潔，切塊，調味和 慢燉慢燉的野菜和肉類，在食品市場上被忽略的部分家用蔬菜和肉類，並且學會了使用芳香的木煙（如山核桃，山核桃和豆科灌木）來調味食物煮的時候:`````"  la Nouvelle-Orléans, un adolescent marchand et un policier local doivent faire équipe avec un ancien soldat pour  faire tomber le groupe responsable de sa fabrication. √™ Когда таблетка, дающая пользователям пять минут  ✖неожиданных сверхспособностей, попадает на улицы Нового Орлеана, торговец-подросток и местный полицейский  должны объединиться с бывшим солдатом, чтобы уничтожить группу, ответственную за ее создание. """""" механізм, який ми""""
SETLEMENT UNDER SIEGE, SIR !
Do civil war
never forget the elephants of doom ah yes the great times . i most say i always admire the soundtracks in this game
Early April Fools'?  I hope not.
Is that Craig Parker who played Glaber in Spartacus?
Rome 2 looking at this like "am I still a joke to you?"
...but why?
Ryse: Son of Rome
Remaster medieval please
can i get a Med1 Remaster? Pls :)
FOOOR ROOOOOOOMAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA !
Somebody better get working on "porting" over Europa Barbarorum ASAP.  Because I never got to play that mod back in the day, and I've really wanted to.
Kudos to you CA, for sorting this out.
"Total War: ROME REMASTERED"? I thought that what ROME II was for.
HONNOR, GLORY, AND MOST OF ALL VICTORYYYY
Total war: Rome REMASTERED exist* My wallet: AHHH SHEEET here we go again
REMASTER MEDIEVAL 2 PLEASE !!!
He conquered distant realms: From the fields of Gaugamela, to the great wall of China, from the deserts of arabia to the rainy british islands, the king is back!!
I played the hell out of Rome 2. Like 500 hours. Never really played first one. This is gonna be good.
*YES, RISE*
I am. So. Ready.
Here's hoping this sells well enough for Medieval II to get a remaster!
Now guys Napoleon Total war might make a remastered version of it
Yoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo now this is good news.
now this's good trailer
Wow, CA is really spoiling us
what sort of a cash grab is this?? loved that game but unless you show me what this remastered version looks like i'm not spending my denarii on a pre-order.
woah!
welcome back , you wallet will be mine in 29th April 2021
don't give us a warcraft 3 remaster and we will be happy.
A physical copy CA?
Finally a proper Total War game that isn't magic fairy tales or utterly relevant. I hope this will be good.
THE DAY IS OUUUURRRRSSSS
This might be the best thing to happen in 2021 yet!
Rome is not the best Total War game, it is da best game.          (after the Blade of Darkness ofc.)
Looks like Seleucia can now burn in HD
Cheer with grace Sons of Rome we are back.
Not only is this a pretty cool trailer but it's an epic tribute to total war players as well
"And remember this above all: Our Roman gods are watching. Make sure They are not ashamed!"
medieval 2 :(
Please make medival 2 remaster or medival 3
Gods, I hate Gauls...
i pre-ordered : # pls CA i trust u
Yeeeeeeeeeeeee
Bruh am i high or what
Wow, a remastered version of one of their older games. This is a first for the Total War franchise.
CARTHAGO DELENDA EST
Soo... This is going to be Rome 3 total war. Lets hope it does not dissappoint.
ДААААААА, НАХУЙ, ДААААААА!!!!
Where was the bowling alley I heard at the start?
Medieval 3!!!!!
Ура товарищи, мы дождались, римские боги услышали нас!!!
Next please : Attila Total War.
Never bought something so quick and ONLY 15 bucks! What a steal. Thanks CA. Actually dropping pog content!
NAPOLEON WHEN DAMMIT
This actually seem pretty good. Maybe next we can look forward to a Medieval 2 Remaster.   Though I'm hopefully for a remaster or even better a sequel to Empire: Total War.
TRIARII
This genius marketing. Making the player the star of the trailer is just brilliant. And effective. And rousing. And... just great!
Wow real humans to deploy
The virgin praetorian guard vs the sigma male total war player
shut up and take my money!
Now is Medieval 2 Total War Turn!!!!!!
I'm excited for this but I would still love to have a Total War: Empire 2 taking place during the Victorian age
please don't put the same voice for all faction soilders
i want to know actor's name.
So Biggus Dickus is saving Rome ?
hmmm dont get me wrong no hate on this , but was really hoping for TW empire remastered or empire 2
You guys are really trying to avoid making medieval 3 aren’t you?
ROMA INVICTA
Cant wait to blast journey to rome again
medieval 2 remaster next pls
This soon 202? Empire Total War And Napoleon Gold Remastered!?
Men, you have marched far and stood your ground in many battles. It has been a long and hard way and yet, against all odds, here we stand, triumphant, awaiting one final onslaught. We have bested our enemy time and time again, bringing us ever closer to this long awaited moment.  Today, we shall finally see the end to this campaign.  Today we shall paint the rivers red and crush their lines, once and for all! Today, the gods fight on our side!  For the glory of the Republic, for the glory of our beloved city; let us bask in the coming victory! Death to those who dare to stand against the might of Rome! CHAAARGE!!!
Up to forever 🔥🔥🔥
pre ordered
Mod support <3
Теперь нытикам что выли мол "Заче-е-ем начали делать эти warhammerы, Троецарствия" и.т.д. и.т.п. нужно будет поднять эту игру в топы продаж если они действительно фанты total war. Если нет то пусть не пиз#@т😅
Medieval 2 --- Yes rome already pre ordered but M2 please I would pre order that today as well....... [westeros total war official DLC to go with the remaster maybe to release with the winds of winter --- sorry when one wish gets granted it's like I expect 3]
"But the legions desert in droves, our allies abandon us..."  They know what they're doing...
Bearded Roman generals?! yeah, that's very authentic!
You sold me on the name alone.
hope this makes it well. i want MEDIEVAL II total war with no unit limits!! :D also fixe double handed bug xD
total war medieval 2 remastered when?
"I wonder what the next historical game will be" CA: "Allow us to introduce ourselves"
Romans back then: Conquered Britain and made them speak Latin Romans now: Conquered by Britain and forced to speak British
John 3:16-17 16- For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.17-For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved. Romans 6:23 23 For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. Romans 10:9-10 9- That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.10- For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. Amen.
Salve, Son of Rome!
*"THE DAY IS OURS!!!!"*
I'm having a stroke.....a happiness stroke.
Shogun total war 3, with Korea and China as new nations added into it. Maybe even the Mongol hoard
All Rome will be amazed at such remaster! THE GAME IS OURS!
Shogun 1 and 2 please
Did I just hear a Command & Conquer death sound at 0:10.
That moment i realized they were talking about me (the player) i had flashbacks about my campaigns as a child and then procede to do a fangirl scream
welcome back old players. Thank you CA
My babyyy
so... and what did you "remaster" ? I hope it's not the sort of updated textures + UHD res for 40 bucks remaster, but the bugs are still in it for nostalgia reasons...... and some new ones just for the lols
YES IMPERATORRR
It’s come to the Triarii
This is so cute 💖🤪
TAKE. MY. DENARI.
Does this mean...Medieval 2 Total War Remaster Confirmed....?...at least the possibility?
Wonder if the console command will still be in game.
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Что вы со мной делаете. По больному бьете, по ностальгии.
You have no idea how much I needed this right now.
Men grow tired of sleep, love, singing and dancing sooner than Rome: Total War.  - Homer
We just wanna Medieval 3 ;-;
Y’all outdone yourself with this one
How should we announce our remaster of a classic game?  I KNOW LETS MAKE A LIVE ACTION TRAILER
the graphics are just mind-blowing
We need more historic Total War titles!
Gods I hate Gauls. My grandfather hated them too. Even before they put out his eyes.
This is TOTAL WAR. Not whatever pokemon game it has morphed into
spoiler: same voice actors and AI as a decade ago.
Put some of the older total war games on console you fucks
The Literal OG Total War is Backkk
This feels like a trailer for a TV drama instead of a game
Rome is mother to us all
I hope to god that they don't change the original soundtrack. That was perfection.
Now’s my chance to play old Total War and not feel bad for it! (No joke, my friends asked why I played such an “old” game). Time to make a YouTube series :)
Pax Romana intensified
I am not getting excited for this until gameplay reveal. trailer with no gameplay kinda trash considering the game is coming out in a month
Stop making historical game.. we need total war warhammer 3
These are our sacred places. Our gods live here
Historical fans are happy, War Hammer fans are happy; Balanced as it should be.
YES!
Did you think I'd be out here on the frontier without good reason? Yes, Rome needs a strong frontier. No, Rome doesn't need unwashed barbarians at her gates!
Perhaps the Gods wish to make Total War great again.
How about instead of doing a remaster of the Rome Total War that had a sequel in the form of Rome Total War II and Total War: Attilla, finally release a Medieval II remaster or a brand new Medieval III game?
FINALY YOU DID SOMETHING GOOD YOU CRAP DAYS
and now we wait for a Medieval 2 Remastered...hopefully, especially M2TW: Kingdoms - Americas Campaign Remastered
Please have multiplayer campaigning. That was the only thing the original lacked...
I was playing RTW last year.  This is the first Total war game I have ever played. It is my favorite as well.
what's the advantage of this game vs Rome 2?
People being excited about having to pay for a low effort remaster of a game they already own is just sad.
The one thing I'm eager to see is if they changed the historically inaccurate Egypt
NAAHAAAAAAAHHHAHAAA
Gauls, i hate gauls
Settings to tune just how remastered my remaster is, remastered Barbarian Invasion AND Alexander AND Rome Gold included, seemingly no engine modification, good QoL changes....  The 1st Total War I plan on buying since the ABSOLUTE GEM that was Shogun 2, and CA didnt have a hand in making it as they let Feral Studios deal with it. Ahahahaha now I know why it all sounds so perfect and well made 🤣
Oh my.
Time to go back to the classic Total War.  For Rome.
“Who was the first that forged the deadly blade? Of rugged steel his savage soul was made.” Thank you CA
Finally, i can become a true general not a general who uses his hero to massacre enemy
there go 10000 more hours ;(
Rome total war remastered mobile when? with the iPad Pro 2021 coming soon it should be able to run it
Dang how do i keep ending up back here! O well another watch couldn't hurt.
Real Actors ^^ ?
Now I want Medieval 2 pls and I will be in heaven
Grata reto.... Roma Filius
I take it this was supposed to release last year, because the son of war is Rome total war, and it came out 17 years ago and the remastered is his “2nd chance”
sega is dropping bombs left and right all 2021. first the entire yakuza series now this and also HUMANKIND!!!
Hopefully they keep the campaign simple like in the original. Sometimes more is less I still play this game randomly once every couple months when I feel like it.
i thought we already have TW Rome remastered on TW ROME 2 GOTY Edition
>Welcome back... Commander  *Kane nods in approval*
so...Medieval 3?
It is supposed to be "wake up, prisoner"
W H A T
BACK TO REALİTY!!
The original total war rome was hard to get into but after seeing the remastered I'm so excited to sink 500 hours into it!
I remember playing that game on my mom's old mac, seeing the Feral logo again immediatly putted me in the mood for some classical warfare.
Of course, it's better to kick a corpse than to make games again with beautiful animation of battles.
They better keep the badass Rome 1 soundtrack
Sorry for curse you CA... For now.
CA you will make so much money if you also remaster Medieval 2. Think of your pocketbooks.
WHAATTTTTRRRRR
where is medival total war resmastered? for medieval 2 lovers
CA Thank you, thank you, thank you!!!    I know this these may be the wishes of a crazy historical fan, but if any of the following happen in the future I would be the happiest fan ever!! 1) Alexander DLC for Rome 2 2) War of 1812 (and Latin American War of Independence) DLC for Napoleon 3) Mongol Invasion DLC for Shogun 2 4) Rise of Islam DLC for Attila 5) Medieval 2 Remaster 6) Medieval 3!!!!
With me guys  Hellatorious Victorialis Erastus Necessitas
its like dream you are awesome  ❤️still we need alexander& medieval too😆  but this time bring Khwarezmian to medieval
I got my cousins into this game months ago. And we have been discussing a remaster version since. When I saw this, I had to share it with them. We are excited
I hope this means you re remastering Medieval II too, saving thousands of people from constantly crashing or lagging
No idea anything about the game from this  I really just care about it using multiple cores instead of being crippled by 1-2 like WH2 smh  Please update the engine -All TW players
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAH MY CHILDHOOD LET'S GO BOOOOOOOOOOOOYS
We need Empire Total War Remastered
Where is pink pijama men? 0/10.
ROMA INVICTA!!
The BEST Total War. Only a few game were so immersive like this one. Unforgettable music, gameplay, everything. Even was very kind with bad pc´s like mine back in 2004.
is this guy the creatore of total war? wow
"Hello everybody my name is Markiplier and today, we're trying to take back the Republic from Roman traitors
Finally CA will have a good game come out since Shogun2
In my early childhood Rome total war was the first game I had ever played I remember when I said to my dad "can I have this game?" I said that because I liked the colors of the soldiers from that I have played 163 hours of Rome and it was great it's the most played game on my steam library, When I played I would always chose Rome.
Remaster? should be a remake...
Europa Barbarorum 3: Hold my drink.
Might seem like a silly question for some of you, but does anyone know if this sort of thing will come on mobile as well?  I have the original version on IOS.
Oh now the ai can declare war on me and then make peace every turn in hd- I mean it’s just a remast- “Diplomacy changes”  IM PUSHING BUY WITH THE SAME FORCE YOUR MOM USED TO PUSH YOU OUT  GIVE ME NOW. I TAKE DAY OFF SO I CAN HEAR “TRIARII” ALL DAY
Think this might have been the fastest pre-purchase ive ever made.
Should have had some guy with a pc in that room drinking energy drinks
Thank you for making it half price on steam to anyone who allready had the game if they pre order. Thank you in general for remaking the total war we all first fell in love with.
Awful trailer. But still excited enough that I’m pissing myself hahahahaha.  ROME IS BACK
My hatred towards the gauls have resurrected My grandpa must be proud
Dude, is the son of Rome Trent Reznor?
hope the general speeches are back
rome music intensifies
YESSSSSSSSSS
YEAHHH!!!! HYPED! But, I'd like to see gameplay video :)
Feral given the reigns not sure if this a good thing but the people at CA are a bunch of hacks these days so it could be worse.
I will sacrifice to Zeus and Ares for this...
Trending
Wait wait wait wait wait This is official??? I thought it was something made by fans! Or at least something like age of empires 2 forgotten
Thank you so much
Thank You CA
Hope medieval  remastered the next one
CA big comeback finally happen
Bitcoin is the future, investing in it will be the wisest thing to do especially with the current rises
Amazing! you showed us no gameplay whatsoever...
Me: Bull warriors: Hola amigo
This is a strange way to release Warhammer 3 news?
Is this even real. Am I dreaming?
Why it isn't the remake ? Probably you will just hd texture and high-res
Roman general: So where did he go?  Counsel: Well he went to the future  to help some distant rulers he calls it the medieval period, and within Europe stayed till the 1800s then he went to Japan, conquered them, came back to Rome again but Rome and her neighbors was in a cluster of instability, went to a future within rome kill some dude name Atila then he beamed into a world he called it the world of Warhammer then went to China for a bit, conquered them and now he's back
30 euros for a remaster? Seriously?
_What awaits us?_  *And remember this above all: our Roman Gods are watching. Make sure they are not ashamed!*
"Hell, it's about time."
Out of moves sir!
Would be 10x better if the consul looked in the camera saying this to the viewer
These days I've seen remasters be proper remakes to modern standards and then I've seen remasters that are just a texture update which would be just not worth it. Game companies use the word Remaster when they mean Remake and they do the same in reverse. This game could do with a remake not just a HD version. This game would look plain silly with updated graphics yet still the same gameplay. Just imagine GTA San Andreas modern graphics but same gameplay.
It's nice and all... but can we have Empire II Total War too someday?
YEAH, 2021 is already a better year than 2020
Hmmmmm????? this is not april's fool day yet. Oops, its freaking real!?
yes.
Thank god. trying to play the original on windows 10 is a disaster.
HOLD UP
It's about time!!!  I'm assuming this is going to be playable on MAC Catalina OS????
Çin işkencesinden sonra evimize, klasik total war cografyasına döndük :)
"i know where im going"   "He forged the empire, conquered distant realms, perfected the art of war for his return."  This is CA talking back to the classic fans, the ones who made total war famous, that have been there almost since the start
Wow weee!!! All the RTS YouTube glitterati are here commenting!!!
Love how my favorite YouTubers are all over this comment section
Oh so thats how the main charcter looks like
Remaster shogun 2 pls
Could you guys release mod tools so we wouldn't have to buy 100e worth of dogshit DLC? Or maybe develop a new engine that does unit collision and melee fighting better? Horse charges and foot units clashing with one another haven't been the same since you switched to the new engine in Empire. Also games have gone from looking crisp and with easily identifiable units to mushy crap and textures that make it hard to identify where the forest floor ends and your troop line begins.
Cannot wait thank you can't wait for future titles.
Music Track: Terry Devine-King: War of the Gods
The Emperor of All Strategies return, Rome yet again lives! Its light shines once more! Ave Rome, May we once more forge the Empire to rule all of the known world.  ROMA CAPUT MUNDI!
Will it have the old engine tho? No more of this blobby flappy bullshit.
Napoleon: Total War Remastered would be BEAUTIFUL!
So what is next Total War Rome Remastered
There is hope for an empire remastered now!
Announcement* trailer
I AM THE SENATE
Ждали 15 лет
Cool
But if that means Rome 1 remastered..   Could it ME2...
YES take my money
Please don't warcraft this! Please!
LETS GOOOOOOOOO
Pls do mediaval 2 and empire too
This looks horrible, not even a look at the actual game like WTF. Show how much they care about the historical sector:////
Please dont let this be an early april fools. It could be so good. Love rome, cant wait
Only played TW: warhammer 2, Should i play rome 1 remastered or rome 2?
QVE THE FVCK
Is RomeShell still there for console commands?  #addmoney40000
Why arent the spartans wearing bronze armor instead of red robes
WTFFFFF!!!!! I literally saw this first on steam while browsing and couldn't believe my eyes.
Rather than a remaster of the original, I'd like a Total War Rome III, with an updated political system (such as elected consuls and temporary-ish dictatorships and the ability to reform into the empire), updated diplomacy (similarly to Three Kingdoms), and maybe even a new legion system.
Literally comes out on my birthday!
WAIT WHAT
"He forged the empire, conquered distant realms, perfected the art of war for his return."  You dirty b*tch, work the shaft!
WAITED FOR 10 YEARS
Guys april fools ain't for another week no need to blow your load early
*SENATUS POPULUSQUE ROMANUS* *TO BRING ROMAN ORDER TO STINKING GAULS*
Total war: posts trailer Every strategy youtuber: my time has come
Great!! Now do Medieval II next. Or, just freaking make Medieval III already!!
Here I thought I'd be able to save up some money this year...maybe 2022
is this about emperor Aurelian?
Am gonna faint
THIS IS TOTAL WAAAARRRR!!!!!
This is Happiness
Rome is again, our infance is again. The Heterosesuality of the RTS is again, bicth. I cry of love
YES YES YES YES!
Damn, did they time this to the Stimulus Checks
Niceee *PROCEED TO BEAT THE CAMPAIGN WITH BRONZE AGE EGPYT*
turkish language please
I can already feel the salt
YES YES YES'
Shut up and take my dinarii! Imperator!
Oh it's beautiful
Good news, the truth is I didn't like Rome 2 very much, however, this one, the classic one, yes, now guys, you only need a Medieval 2 remastered and an Empire remastered, I only ask that, for a future Empire, put the world map complete, that way more factions could be put in and mods with more campaigns could be created, or it would be feasible to enlarge it with a more extensive chronological development, from the beginning of the 1700s to 1899, for example, and it is one of my wishes, to cover the independencies the American colonies of Spain and are playable factions (Mexico, Cuba, Central America, Greater Colombia, Peru, Bolivia, Chile, Mar del Plata = Uruguay, Paraguay and Argentina), in addition to Brazil. It would also be a notable addition if China and Japan were included, although the consideration of places like the Atlantic coast of South America, Africa and Southeast Asia was good to extract resources, it lacked the inclusion of the kingdoms or territories of said places, for that is necessary an empire with world map  Also, you need a Total War from World War I and World War II.  Don't worry, I'm going to buy this Rome remastered ..... XD
A surprise. But a welcome one.
THE DAY IS OURS!!!
PLEASE HAVE TROOP WEIGHTS AND POULATIONS PLEEEAAASEEE
Shogun 2 remaster next please ;)
Спасибо, но играть в старьё нет желания.
Senātus Populusque Rōmānus
So we aint getting a new historical Total War for long time huh?
PARA BELLUM!!!
Okay, that was an *amazing* trailer
Firstly it's Rome: Total War.....   I appreciate people like the original style but could you at least of used the Medieval 2 engine? Not having clone units would of been nice at the very least.
Yeah this is cool. But will the spartans get rid of those funny caps
Oh look a steam logo, wonder if that epic logo didnt feel to good with Troys failure.
Total War, I love you, but please, why bronze age Egypt in 270BC, even in Remastered edition?
OK. As amazing as Rome Total War is and as good as the Remastered might be... This was one hell of a cheesy trailer.
Accept or we will attack Please do not attack
5/10 I was expecting John Clesse yelling "You lucky bastards!" out from a cage.  Joke aside, amazing trailer, I hope this remaster will be at the stature of AoEII remaster
This better be more than just a graphics update!
I have come back to finish what I started.
Holy crap this is good
Empire II or Remaster when?
Really want an Empire 2, but would be very happy with a remastered Empire 1.
this has to be the most exciting thing I have ever heard in couple years... PLEASE, just PLEASE keep the vanilla music and overall style
Yes, finally,  great job
*grin* Oh thats a easy 15 euro's spend XD Time to return where i learned the art of war
Don't mess with Decius Zohan
Gods, I hate remastered Gauls
Rome needs you
Is this cool? Sure. It was second video game I ever played and fell in love. However, if this doesn’t outplay a mod, I’ll be more than happy to keep my money and play vanilla for the nostalgia or deal with a far more extensive mod crashing once in awhile. Maybe a free to play weekend to see how it plays? Could be beneficial.
This sounds illegal
I hope Medieval 2 have the same amount of attention, as Medieval 3 will never comes out.
I am going to wait until I see gameplay, and a few days after to see how the gameplay is.   If it's the same as the original or even improved. It's a buy for me, but if it's like the more modern total wars, no thank you.
Please, return old interface!
UM DOES THIS ALSO MEAN MEDIEVAL 2 REMASTER WHICH ALSO MEANS MEDIEVAL 2 REMASTERED MODS?
LET'S FREAKING GOOOO!!!!!
Dream come true
Yes, finally
YOOOOO
AAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
*CIRCUS EST COMPLETUM.* Рим Тотал Вар был не только моей первой тотал вар, но и, в принципе, моей первой игрой на мой первый пк в том далёком 2004 году (помню тогда мне купили ноут и в подарок с ним дали 2-ух дисковое издание Rome Total War c дополнениями Barbarian Invansion и Alexander). Эта игра, с которой Я вообще начал знакомство с миром компьютерных игр. Поэтому лично для меня сейчас, в некотором смысле, круг замкнулся. До сих пор раз в несколько лет нет-нет да и сыграю в кампанию-другую в Первый Рим(после стольких лет? Всегда...). Первый Рим - это бессмертная классика, навсегда вписавшая золотыми буквами своё имя не только в список лучших стратегий всех времён, но также и в Зал Славы видеоигр вне зависимости от платформы, жанровой категории и времени! Ведь один только саундтрек и эмбиент этой игры (исполненный не иначе как на арфах Олимпийских Богов) может перенести в атмосферу античных времён не хуже машины времени, если бы та существовала.
THE DAY IS OURS
I hope they won't F this up. All you need to do is to increase graphics and performance slightly and add co-op campaign. Can you manage that CA?
*welcome back Julianus Vatinius*
PLEASE do Napoleon Total War!!!  AND EMPIRE!!
My family, the House of Scipii, are beloved of the gods! A proud boast, but true all the same.
This is great, love it, but TW please, give me an Empire 2
“The desert is ours, it is my home, invaders come here but they do not leave, they do not understand the desert, they do not understand how it gives LIFE, or how it kills, so they die, and we grow stronger, the dead now the dead cannot there new found wisdom, so invaders keep coming, keep trying to take our lands and our wealth, but then wealth flows through this land, and if our people have one thing it the love of wealth, it is sweeter than water, it is more powerful than the sword, for any sword can be turned aside with a gold coin, gold will buy a thousand warriors! And a thousand warriors, WHY THEY ARE THE START OF AN EMPIRE!”
But wot doz it look like?
Historic Total War has no chance against Warhammer fantasy...Rome Total War with factions all over the place in time and names - so anyway, I started throwing remastered pila at them.
He conquered the world. There was nothing left to conquer.  CA: Hold my bread!
I spent 15 years conquering distant realms. Perfecting the art of war.   I am back, Father Rome...
If there is one thing I learned from TW is that empires can come and go, but there is no greater glory than to die for Rome.
Now i Need Total war empire remaster!!
SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY
BROOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Remember - if you're Roman, you're gonna sound british. It's the law.
got no money for this but I got a wishlist will save for this title!
The greatest game ever needs the greatest sequel remastered! In the name of God, Allah and Tengri, give us Medieval 2 Remastered!
MULTIPLAYER CAMPAING?!
Cant wait for my overpowered pikement back.
All Rome will be amazed at such a victory!
I hope this includes barbarian invasion
Seriously I just bought total war 2 :(
MEDIEVAL 3? EMPIRE 2? LIKE COMOOOOON
Rome 1 is still the best today. Rome 1 is better than the r3t4arded "heroic" total wars
No discount for ROME: Total War owners on iOS? BIG SAD FACE!
I can't wait to hear in full HD dolby surround sound in the most incredible earth shattering voice crack of all time "ALL OF ROME WILL BE AMAZED AT SUCH A VICTORY THE DAYYYYYY ISSSSSSS OOOOOOOUUUUURRRRRRRSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!"
New Rome DLC too?
"Conquered distant realms" I guess a nod to the mods
Finally, back to basics.
cant wait to make some 4K hoplite squares like a boss😎😎😎
AHHHH MY HEART CAN'T TAKE THIS. MY CHILDHOOD IS BACK
Well well well.......looks like DLCs are not the only dirty plays by Creative Assembly. They manipulate your emotions as well, in a good way.
And It will release just two days laters of my bhirtday, what a nice gift!
Ну ващще снос башки! Ждём!!!
So this your move after the lackluster Troy and three kingdoms? Wow, the Warhammer games really messed you up. I have better ideas. Let me know if interested.
I hate gauls
It'll be trash lol
I wonder if they remade the epic cinematic intro of the original.
YES DADDY !        I mean umm... where do I pay?
Time to take Cathage as Scipii again!
Thumbs UP if tou want Medieval 2 Remastered too!!!
HAHAHAHAHA! Love it! Bring me my armour!
Ляяяя бл
Steam store says "ROME REMASTERED includes a host of modern features and improvements to existing mechanics." Well gosh golly I for one cant wait for broken formations, simplified and limited city building, impotent arrows, total DLC cost of triple the base game, tedius mid-late game challenges that break immersion, lazy AI handicaps, half of my gaulic army to consist of pregnant women, and for the single player units costs and mechanics to suit the multiplayer tourney meta! So excited!
now all we need is medieval 2
Great Trailer.
Xbox and playstation?
Pooooooooog FINALLY FINALYYYYYYY
The famous Caesar quote after seeing this trailer "I came, I came, I came"
I'm a little bit sceptical about this. But waiting for the result
Medieval and shogun next please!!
Only remaster I genuinely care about
the talk about me :)
"Now comes the hour when we test Roman courage!"
why they Remaster rome and not Medieval :C not that i am complaining this is awesome. i just wanted medieval a lot more
YES! YES! YEEEEEEEEEES! INVICTA! ROME HAS CONQUERED!
do medieval next !!!
Blimey, Ace Rimmer returns!    :-)
Gauls.  I hate Gauls.
this is great, medieval 2 remaster sounds great too, but more than anything else - I want Napoleon TW  remaster! maybe even Empire TW remaster?
yes stream hell yeah I'm a go fan so hard
HYPE!!!
Im so hyped for this!!!!
Fst reacttion: SHOCK
God i really want another Rome television show.
Only a matter of time before CA came back to ruin something else I love...
FINALLY <3 rome
ITS HAPPENING !!!!!
WOOOOOO IT’S SHOWTIMEEE
Medieval 2 Remastered - and I will be a happy man.
Where’s our fuckin Shogun 2 Remaster?
Awesome
Rome total war 3 huh, was rather hoping for a LOTR or GOT game but oh well.
JUPITER GIVES US STREGTH AND MARS AID US! This is long awaited.
Half expected it to be Legend sitting at that table
Yyyyyeeeeeesssssss
Shogun 2 next please!
Let’s goooooo!!!!!! I remember this is what got me hooked on the total war franchise back in the day.
OMG I love you so for this announcement!
I HAD PLANS!
Back to basics. The mobile hype is over. Early mistakes have been made, the easy solutions attempted.  Maybe this is the beginning of the 2nd wave? Instead of dumbing down the functionalities and mechanics of a game to make it lend itself to mobile, perhaps now we will (thanks to superior computing power of mobile devices and other breakthroughs) manage to create completely new, novel, mobile-first iterations of truly amazing games, while also pushing the envelope on the tried-and-true desktop/console form-factors.  I always found Rome 1's mechanics to be far deeper and more meaningful than say, Rome 2. Some say this was the engine upgrade, in my view it was a sign of something deeper. If we think back to the 2010's and after the Financial Crisis, mobile hype was raging and virtually every company had to at least on some level seriously consider the coming mobile revolution and their positioning in it. In my view the "dumbing down" of mechanics was in part to future-proof IPs for possible mobile spin-offs.  Here we are, a decade later, and a certain virus has taught us the value of having a good rig. Mobile is great, but it cannot be a substitute for PC/console. It must stand on its own two legs and, for it to truly change the world as we think it should (or will), will necessitate mobile-native development that doesn't replace the PC/desktop, but either augments it or is completely independent of it. This means, in other words, that PC/desktop developer units won't have to try and cater to two kinds of ecosystem at once.
Holy Mother Forking Shirt Balls
OH YES! :D
OMG... I just had tears in my eyes watching this.
Gods... I hate Gauls. My grandfather hated them too, even before they put out his eyes.
A suprise to be sure but a welcome one -Litteraly everyone
This came out nowhere. Hot damn.
If they do medieval 2 they better fix twohanded troops in vanilla. and take away swords from pike units. The second an enemy gets past the pike's spearpoint they draw swords and get slaughtered.
Today, the carrion birds feast. But they will feast upon our enemies, NOT ON GOOD, ROMAN FLESH!
Still gonna be waiting for total war: victoria, but still super stoked 👌
I feel like Napoleon should have been first. Rome II is the far more modern title, in both gameplay and graphics. A remastered Napoleon: Total War would have been an absolute mic drop to the community
A remaster of the first TW game I ever played and made me a lifetime fan of the series...  I am not going to buy this!       AHH, JUST KIDDN!  SWALLOW MY MONEY CA! PREORDERED!
Now for med 2 les go
They better not nerf the Phanalx pikemen
Interesting. They had to recreate most of the game from scratch, as the old Rome has become almost totally incompatible with newer Hardware.
Hit that replay button 100 more times!
Gods...i hate Gauls..
I thought there will be Legend siting there at the end.
We need Medieval 3 REMASTERED Next
Wow, those graphics are amazing!
Ok but why not medieval 2 remastered
WHAT WHEN HOW WHERE I NEEEEED IT NOW
Legitimate question: What will make this stand out in contrast to Rome 2?
Medieval II: Total War Remastered maybe? it was my first total war game and i absolutely loved it
POGGERS
Is this the return to form we desperately needed? Is the classic total war a rebirth of the franchise? By Jupiter I hope so
Those that have Rome already among the other titles, any chance we can get this for half price or free?
For my empire !
WHAT?! We have been waiting for Empire II for so long :-(
I been waiting for this forever I play the original Rome total war when it came out just don’t butcher it
https://youtu.be/w_yNk39ClPE
this Beastmen update looks weird
*AND REMEMBER THIS ABOVE ALL - OUR ROMAN GODS ARE WATCHING, MAKE SURE THEY ARE NOT ASHAMED!*
Why not medieval total war why do they hate medieval?
SHUT UP AMD TAKE MY MONEY
Remastered all right! These graphics are so realistic
no changes!!! unskipable tutorial including LOL
Боги, я ненавижу галлов !
Please remaster SHOGUN 2
Classical Total War is Back. LITERALLY.
Please do it right my god please
Wait what? And I only heard of this today?  Lookin  forward to it!!
Good damn XD we have all the total war and history you tubers in this comment section XD heir of Carthage, kings and generals AND Alex in the same section.
Soldiers of the 9th!   The gods look upon us favorably!  TO ROME!!!!!
Seriously, have *any* of the youtubers covered Egypt? I haven't been able to find even one clip of them in it -.-
Thank you.
YES YES, IS IT FREE IF WE GET IT EARLY?
my PC : sad
I was waiting for a Empire 2.. But this will make the wait very pleasant..
Is there an update of warhammer 3?
If they bring back the Pre-empire unit collisions then Im sold.
1:01 Rip Hunter caught time traveling? 🤔
Be me Have essay to write for class Sees this announcement *I CAN GO NO FURTHER, IMPERATOR*
Omfg are you serious, I've been waiting for this for years!! The best Total War game is getting a remaster!?! Epic.
WE REALLY PULLING OUT ALL THE STOPS!! 🛡⚔️🗡🏛 IM SO HYPE
Still waiting for Medieval 3...
이게 뭐야
Rome 2: who are you? Rome 1: I'm you but loved
Carthage got 3 chances back in the day...unfortunately for them none really worked out well. But they did procure lots of free salt.
A plea to make Medieval 2 remastered
"The grain is ours" Welcome back voicecrack narrator man - we love you all very much
Sic Domine!!
I’ve been waiting for this day for so long
The gods have favored you! The enemy is destroyed! Your Victory is COMPLETE!  *Heroic Victory* Decimus Julius
Broooooooo no wayyyyyy!
I’m crying genuine tears of joy omg
Just bought it. 50% off until March 31 if you already own RTW.
Friends, Romans, Countrymen.   We have come home!
YEAH BOIS
YES!
I have awoken  My empire shall rise eternal from the ashes of this fallen republic I shall execute any traitor and put our enemies to the torch now my leaguing rise!!!!
Next, Medieval please !!!
God I hope they get Jeff van Dyck back for the music.
Oh how about medieval ii got remastered  that will be great !
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Next Medieval 2 remastered
RAMMING SPEED!!!
one thing is the man, no the MYTH, NAY THE *LEGEND, JEFF VAN DYCK* , making his long awaited return for this?
ROMA INVICTA!
I WANT THIS! I NEED THIS! HOW DO I GET THIS!?!
They eyes of the Senate and all Rome is upon us today. We must make them proud that we are their defenders. More than that, our Roman Gods are watching. Make sure that are not ashamed!
Nah im gonna burn Rome to the Ground. Germania forever
“The Greeks could have ruled the world.”
Will someone explain the trailer to me please
looks like 2021 is gonna be a trip down memory lane..... Played Total war franchise for 10 years+
Hopefully they fix the bridge battles.
Bruh I was just replaying Rome 1 and 2 like an hour ago and this dropped out of knowhere
legio aeterna victrix
HERE WE GO BOYS THE BIG BOY TOTAL WAR IS HERE. YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS  Remember guys, don't pre order, and i hope they deliver. because i am hyped beyond belief.
Press X to doubt
I Need to thank God and CA today ! 💯
A cloud has fallen on our shore The mighty hand and sword of Roman war...
Isnt this announcement 6 days early?
REMAKE MEDIEVAL 2 TOTAL WAR
Good ol' times when my PC used to handle Total War games. I barley managed to run Rome II. Anyway the most played Total War game of all times was Medieval I, good ol' board startegy.
I'm HARD
No, don't give hope!
I hope you dont fck it up.
OMG thank you!
Sorry if it's super obvious, but can someone tell me who are the characters we see in the trailer?
IMPERATOR
There has never been a better total war than the original rome, not before or since, so this is most welcome news :D
if only they could remaster empire, medieval and shogun...
The real question nobody asked yet... Will the soundtrack be composed and orchestrated by Jeff Van Dyck? RTW2 soundtrack was a letdown IMO.
rome reforge? maybe not 😁
Feral Interactive have done a few really high quality ports and remasters so i have high hopes for this !
WOOOOOOO
Ah yes time to exterminate conquered settlements again in the name of rome
OHHHH MYYYYY GOOODNESSS. ANOTHER 1000 hour+ game to enjoy this year!
Roma Invicta!!!!
Wen Empire 2?
Omg Hype!! I want to Marry you Guys!
POGGERS
No one: Absolutely no one: CA: ROMA INVICTA!!!!!!!
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god!!!!!!!!!
“gods be praised the enemy general is dead!”
VELITES!
So unique faction mechanics, unique factions and all with unique rosters and techs yeah? Also anyone else think that if they saw LegendofTotalWar at the end of the trailer that it would've made just as much sense? "Not everyone gets a second chance." The Roman guy basically described a disaster campaign and "What difference can one man make?"
0:10 infantry death sound from C&C Red Alert 1
Ah yes the epic return of Their offers: Accept or we will attack Their demands: Please do not attack
I was really hoping it would have been the YouTubed Melkor, considering his whole channel is just about devoted to Rome I.
Titus, get the cross.
I might actually check this one out
Wow that gameplay was fire
Hoplite Militia! MILITIA HOPLITE!
ROMASTERED!!!!
THIS LAND IS ROMAN!
Not even 1 second of game play footage 😒 They could have saved money by just releasing a simple text announcement instead of wasting time with this pointless live action trailer that tells us nothing.
*THIS IS A HEROIC VICTORY, WORTHY OF ROMAN ARMS!!*
Lets get straight to the point. Will the incendiary pigs be remastered as well?? :)
What about empire, we already have rome II
niceeeeee
Finally some good news!
Just a Medieval 3 could make this day even better
Where's nagash?! goddammit.
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSS
THIS PART OF YOUTUBE IS ROMAN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
O jogo que mais joguei na minha vida
Legio Aterna
Isn't Rome 2 kind of a remastered version of Rome 1?
meh.
EQUITES!
Médiéval II
YES , YES PLEASE
Does Trent Reznor play Rome?
Sons of mars!
*ROMA INVICTA*
These graphics are crazy.
Remaster?  Please, where is the brand new one
*TOWERS AND RAMS INTENSIFIES*
"Ave TotalWar, Giocaturi te salutant !" ✋
BY JUPITER!!!!!!
Alright but how about they make a new game with the systems that made Total War so great in the first place. I like the setting of the Warhammer Total War games but hate the single unit micromanagement  gameplay.
At last, a real total war game, i hope they start making this ones in other line, long away from the RPG titles like TWW
Just when they make you think we’d been abandoned for endless warhammer games they do this, I can’t stay mad at you
nice announcement cant w8 to replay this
Sega...it better be just a graphics upgrade without f up the gameplay like rome 2. Add actaul naval battles maybe but please don't ruin it! DX
Will this remastered version have the most fundamental resource for warfare ,MANPOWER.
who is son of rome？
Do my eyes decieve me?
All of my yes.
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Don't break the game mechanics just update the graphics please
Thank you so much for this buying it day one!
Features list says "improved diplomacy."  As long as that doesn't mean you streamlined diplomacy by removing demand region, I'm in.
WHERE IS MEDIEVAL 2 REMAKE I WANT THIS <3
it's been a loong time since i upliked a video on this channel. but this this one deserves 10 thumps up.
lame
ROMANA VICTORIA!!!
*Baal Hamoon be praised*
Si vis paces, para bellum
Думал не дождусь
👏
It is too early for April fools, right..?  ...right..??!
A surprise but a welcome one
My first total war game :D
So are they pretty much making what Total War: Rome 2 should have been from the start? Or are they gonna drop the ball again and instead of screwing up the sequel they'll be desicrating the original?
ALL ROME WILL BE AMAZED AT SUCH A VICTORY! *THE DAY IS OURS!*
Historical total war fans unite! Let this trailer out do the warhammer 3 trailer.
hype
O my, the most chesse-est ever but love it.
*...an elegant strategy for a more..civilized age...*
Omg, All the money I spend on mod and DLC has been working!  I can't wait!
I recognise the voice actor. Someone help, it's killing me.
Will this be free if you already own a copy of Rome: Total War?
AVE
Thank you so much for doing this, absolutely amazing game with new live breathed into it. Medieval 2 next would be greatly appreciated too
Very nice short film. But how about some gameplay or actual information about the product we want to spend money on instead of just fluff to generate hype?
Please tell me Rome isnt spamming Urban Cohorts like they were velites
I would like to thank the US taxpayer for the new laptop
Time to spam Principes and Velites again! Can't wait for posdible Medieval 3 or 2 Remastered Total War in the future...
Damn I sure look good.
Welcome Back, game about Rome!
Yesssssss!!!!
can someone explain to me why they remastered rome while we have rome II and absolute 0 empire or napoleon II or remastered ?
YEAhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 21 APRIL wohoooooo 38 Factions.
So many rts youtubers here
*sniff sniff* is that the stink of GAULS I SMELL?! *House of Julii intensifies*
Scipii are the best
A roman calling someone your grace, these guys have been watching too much Game of Thrones
I can't stop looking at...this is 10 time in 30 mins. Great job Creative Assembly u've my money...as always
Who hit me?!
Total War : Medieval 2 Remastered when
YES!! now I can hate the Gauls in 4k!
Y’all need to remaster Attila next
Rome 3 or remastered? Xd
Is this just a money grab while you try to design another fantasy game? Because a total war warhammer 40k with space battles like battlefleet gothic would be a gift from chaos. Solar systems are provinces, worlds are “cities”, massive troop formations....get on it already!! Or try stepping into the vr arena and design a war game that way. That would feel godlike I tells you.
can we get a new total war instead of remastered version of a game which have a better sequel !!!
Gods, I hate Gauls
You always have a special spot in your heart for your first time. TW: Rome it's so good to see you again :)
Finally the Total War Remaster with the BEST Soundtrack of the entire series.
HOLY GHOST OF CAESAR! BRUTUS, WE ARE GOING TO GAUL!!!!
This is what they should've done instead of Rome 2 years ago. (^-^)
Guuuys I would have given you so much money for a new empire or medieval.... Why should I play rome remastered when I have Rome 2?!
Waiting Remastered for Medieval: Total War I - II, too.
All right folks, time for the big thumbs up rush! And the reason is: people just forget that while they can praise CA of the past for Rome Total War, they shouldn't be praising CA of today just for striving to re-deliver the game that put them on the map. Why striving? Cause they NEVER made it better. And that's the only hope for this remake. That the game engine is beyond their tampering abilities(?) and that it should reach the fan base as it was.
I WANT TO SEE A MEDIEVAL 2 REMASTERED !!!
OMG, Where is my wallet?!!!!
shame the game looks like a 2010 total war instead of a 2004 onw. £25 is a bit steep i think.
I have 4000 hours on Rome 1 I can’t freaking wait !
All i'm worried about is the soundtrack. I gotta keep that spirit
look how they massacered my boy
WELCOME BACK SONS OF ROME!!!
bro when are they gonna do a rome 2 remaster
BASED WILL BUY GLORY TO ROME
Another reason to add Bulgaria to Medieval Total War for the next installment, after all the Creative Assembly studio is based in Bulgaria right now!
Gods, I hate Gauls!..
Do we get a Multiplayer Campaign with more that 2 players?
Probably April 1st joke
this doesnt make sense at all
GODS! I hate gauls
Круто, жаль что не ремейк
About B TiME
Shut up and take my money!! This will be legendary!
OK, time to see if LegendofTotalwar is live :) :D !!! this game is the reason i got into TW !  tho i have playd original Shogun it just wasnt nearly as good as Rome was. HAIL CEASAR !
It better have the same gameplay mechanics/physics as the old engine
I seriously thought the Consul was going to say “Welcome back Jon”. Just got done watching MATN and his coverage of the game.
Indeed not all of us get a second chance *looks at medieval 2*
Romans Speak english, great game sure, but...
Was I the only one waiting the whole time for the legatus to ask "you and he were buddies..... weren't you"?
WHAT!?!
Can someone explain why do we have to buy the "game" twice?
Meh I would have rather loved a Medieval II or Empire remaster, there is already a Rome II and the FAQ say there is no plan to remaster any other game, pff
I will probably buy it just to support the historical titles, but I just cannot get into these cartoonish graphics. That was for me a problem even with the original one.   However, I am more than happy that this is a thing.
Every video games producers : drop trailer of a  games to lauch it 2 years after with a lot teasers before Creative Assembly: drop trailer 1 month before without teasing (and releasing others games and dlc the same year) legends
It seems like it's gonna be a remaster, so stats/mechanics seem mainly untouched outside of fixes. Mainly UI, Textures, Visual Improvements, and Quality of Life changes. Only thing missing imo is coop campaign, but christ everything else is incredible. So hype <3
So this is where the ai budget vent;)
I preordered this before watching the trailer.
Finally, inner peace
On Greece's 200-year anniversary. Coincidence? I think not. LET US REFORM OUR EMPIRES, GREEKS!
Now hear me you fiends. Do the same for Medieval 2 and ALL its Expansions. I beg you.
Awesome!  I love paying $60 bucks for a game that came out 17 years ago!
I'll be happy with literally anything other than a Beastmen update for Warhammer Total War. Those eight dudes I hope hold out for eternity and never get what they want
Perfect! Now we just need a remaster of Medieval 2 and a sequel (Medieval 3) :D
Medieval 3 ?
what next game coming on iOS?
THE DAY IS OURS!
Dun dundundun dundundun dundundun
Dude what the hell! Why didn't you tell us earlier. Anyways love you BYEEEE!
Rome will rise again!!
Half of my excitement is coming from hearing those epic speeches. "Now, TO BATTLE!" *cheering*
THE DAY IS OOOOURS!!!
tan tan tan tan tan tan in warriors march !!!!
Time to lit some pigs on fire again!
looks at WARHAMMER III* looks back at ROME remaster *  my trade routes are not ready
BUT I DONT WANT TO PLAY AS PONTUS
Berry nice
Damn CA be on top of things with 3K, WH3 and now this
Mod support! :)
hmm my pants feel wet all of a sudden
Imperator!
I loved that game. But I think I'll continue with Rome II these days for the graphics.
Macedon!
oh varus quintilius varus give me back my legions
"Waiter! Sorry this must be an misunderstanding, I ordered a Medieval 3 plate."
When I was like 10 when this released I would sit on the campaign map and just vibe with the music and try to make up what the girl was singing,  it was such a  beautiful game. Thank you CA this makes my heart full of joy
My first Total War game is back? Time to reignite my childhood.
Did not see this one coming.
You guys are killin me. Where's my Warhammer 3 details?
No jeff van dyck, no rome total war
Give us medieval 2 total war remastered! Say at least it is coming after this! Come on guys you can do it!
I would prefer Medieval II remastered instead
Wow that is great! Which engine will you use? I hope it will have better animations than Troy or 3k
Literally today I just decided to start downloading Rome 2 to play these masterpieces after years and years of abscence from me in this franchise. Not even 2 hours later I saw there was a small update on Rome 2... Thought it was just a small download fix through Steam.  It was the Rome Remastered trailer...   LIKE WHAT ARE THE ODDS
ROMA INVICTA !!!
Then you go and do something like this?   AND TOTALLY REDEAM YOURSELF!
Very well, I will wait patiently until we get our Empire and Napoleon Total War remasters. For now, Roma Victor.
That's not what total war players look like.
FIX ATTILA LAG ! I have better fps in troy than 2015 attila
MEN I'M CRYING
графон уровня мобилок, 2021 год на дворе АЛО! и где empire 2 and medieval 3 ???
LEETTTTSSSS GGGGOOOOOOO
I mean if it works for Hollywood to rehash and remaster old classics, why not? Can't wait to play this work of art again!
Briefly got my hopes up til I looked up the actual gameplay and screenshots. Looks only marginally better than the original. I was hoping for a total graphics overhaul
Looks like it's time to shine up the Silver Shields.
Inaccurate AF!
I just want to be able to change settlement's culture by paying huge sums of money. AKA destroy Government building and build my own government building. Not upgrade. I want huge cities of Egypt fully roman!  Edit: also let's hope mod support is great
Finally a REAL total war game again? No fantasy bullshit? HELL YEAH.
HASTATI
Oh Baby...here we meet again. My dear Rome Total War...you look so...handsome today. Hrrr, i want you...right here right now!
Alright, I'm listening...
Roma Aeterna!!!!
I'm... let's say cautiously optimistic, I've learned to be careful with remasters...
Oh god I'm so hyped.
BY JULIANUS VATINIUS  WE ARE GOING TO CONQUER ALL
Co-op campaign?
this game has not aged very well by all means... why remaster it? I mean I loved it when it came out, even got the CD version right next to me but why waste capacity on old things instead of looking ahead?
Medieval II is next right ?
Scipio Bois: Would you look at the time..IT'S BURNING CARTHAGE WITH BETTER GRAPHICS.
Sweet!
0w0
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA, cállate y toma mi puto dinerooooo
Why dont you do about medieval Like come on total war people want medieval more than this
Yay, but can we get the Gladiator and the Biggus Dickus reference in the DLC?
Cool, do Medieval 2 next
I have bad feelings about this...
what dafuq is this actually real because don't bullshit me
...OH MY GOD !
THE CRAZY BASTARDS DID IT
Now what's left Medieval 2 total  remastered and my life will be complete.
I beg you CA, Buff Carthage in this remaster!
My childhood is returning in triumph it seems.
There and back again, a Total War tale. The time has come once again.
Imperator Augustus, his majesty of the British Empire
ROMA INVICTA
Oh please stop! My errection can only get so hard!
poggers
Medieval II would have been nicer
Legendoftotalwar saving your disaster battle vibes here
Remastered means that every faction in Rome 1 is a dlc now
THIS IS ALL I'VE WANTED FOR SO LONG YESSSSS
I demand low end friendly please
Lmao this is great
Exciting news for sure - but that was a tacky trailer with zero real game footage
Let's be real though, they would need to >RETAIN ALL< of the >OLD< mechanics and >ONLY< update the animations and graphics. Not gonna happen, fuc* off mate.
My first reaction was to pull down the top bar to see if it is April 1st already...
Remastered alright! Look at these graphics!
Fun and all... but they remaster a game that has been succeeded. Why not Medieval 2 or Empire that have no replacement?
Perfect!
Mother of god....
Remastered doesn't mean remake. It will still have the same graphics slightly updated for 2021 guys. Dont freak out. It's not rome 1 with warhammer 2 graphics...
FINALLY something worthy of my money, i'm still playing total war rome 2 and atilla like a chump because of the disgusting (in a bad way) champion system.
I had to reread the title and reread comments to make sure i'm seeing this correctly       YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEBOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!
OMG OMG OMG
Take my money, no more trailers needed
so 16 years ago means the people who played the game when it came out ?
I have so many questions BUT OMG ROME YES
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!   Hopefully, it's just as mod-friendly! :)
Why there isnt turkish language ??
AND WHAT ABOUT MEDIEVAL 3? Said the 25 years old fan that bought every game from the franchise.
Fix Empire instead, this game is already perfect. You guys are up there next to EA with your brain dead business practices...
Gods... I still hate Gauls...
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.
Is that the Jaime Lannister acter?
why remaster Rome Total War?  Are you abandoning Rome2?  why not make Rome3 and fix the garbage of Rome2?
The lockdowns will be doable when this arrives. Yay...
I was not expecting that today
That last ditch offer  bone to fan i though  they did offer something  like chaos  dwarfs  or Kiev   faction  like test run   see how  work in warhammer  2
'GODS... I HATE GAULS.'
well, idea is cool, but after seeing screenshots... i`m not convinsed
That helmet though....xD
Can you guys at total war will you please due a empire total war remastered by using my favorite number one mod name IMPERIAL DESTROYER but even more better what i mean about that a option witch year you want to play so you can chose between 1700 and 1783 so you can have a option for that,add stuff on it from shogun 2 blood and gore,when a rider gets killed the horse runs away and other stuff from shogun 2 like when you build buildings and such will you guys please due that but make it even more better like for exepl you can have a option the see the hole world map and such thank you in advance.
Will Barbarian Invasion and Alexander also be remastered?
That’s cool, Total war shogun 2 remaster next?
Take my money!!!
Looks awesome but fix the UI
Hannibal will come from ALPS !!!
ROME agian? really?
Any news on MP campaigns? Would be great to do head-to-heads with the original game.
Awesome. Can you PLEASE release more titles on IOS? Warhammer & Empires would be so fun on IPad.
Cre-shan Ar-shurs!
Bet they over simplify a bunch of mechanics and it is basically Rome 2 remastered
Will we have an option for heroic generals?
Nice!!
wait. what? Rome?
2021 just straight up drop kicked 2020's arse
GOOD HECKIN LORD
I can say: Glory to Rome!
I'm so happy because I prefer I than II. I hope they remaster Barbarian Invasion as well.
I wonder if this remaster includes barbarian invasion
A pleasant surprise
ROMA INVICTA
SIXTEEN YEARS!!!!! omg thank you for all your work , wow sixteen years, i mean thats flown by i remember playing Shogun Total War as a board game as a kid
warhammer 3 ....rome remastered....whats next ? Lord of the Rings maybe?
WTF how can you drop such a big bombshell like that?!!
Guys whoever wants to see how it looks like, Steam page has some screenshots already.
glory to our  childhoods   cant wait to see  old school  total war  youtubers  make   a series on this when its out
OH YEAH ITS HAPPENING
I can almost hear the soundtrack again!
If this has success that means there will be medieval 2 remaster (awesome, this will be cool) but that means no Medieval 3 Total war. Not awesome ='(  So I think this is the only total war that I won't get since Shogun I
Im going to make this question because i liked them...are there going to be naval battles? that is one thing i like spliting ships in two or taking them out with a balista those moments where i was saved by taking out an army while they where at sea i like them a lot
They did it. THEY F*CKING DID IT! I am so happy right now :') But its a little bit suspicious that they didnt showed us any gameplay
I came a bit not gonna lie
Is this including Barbarian Invasion too or...?
Gods i hate Gauls! My grandfather hated them too
Total war does care!
Боже ,это свершилось ! Спасибо вам большое за это чудо , после стольких лет ожидания. Надеюсь разработчики оставят ролики про чудеса света )))
Just take my money <3
Wtf
In before all the Warhammer Fans scream at CA for developing this instead of Warhammer
Ayt, now when will you remaster Rome II?
Meh.. this trailer give me C&C cutscene vibes
I died and went to paradise?
What?!?! This is insane! You guys are releasing this next month? WHAT!?
Surely im dreaming right?
Saving your disaster campaigns is canon now?
Nice looking forward
I feel compelled to spend money again to own this marvellous masterpiece! Best Total War ever made, now remastered!
I’m excited as ever, I’ve been very critical of CA. But this was a great decision, Thankyou CA this is great.
OMG its so emotional to see how the intro represents us returning to rome 1 and how "the game describes its self" as a game thats decent to be as great as it was so many years ago in 2021 and of course it is, amazing !!!!!
I have a bad feeling about this...
oh my!!!! :O
But do owners of the game have too pay
This is Based and Rome pilled
who TF is SON?
Please dear God don't change the music
This LAND is ROMAN!
WHAT? NO WAY!!!! I'VE BEEN WAITING since my CHILDHOOD!!!!!!
Time to take over Gaul again!!!
why not total war Rome 2 remastered?
“He has conquered distant lands.”   Including China.
If this game keeps the original soundtrack, it's a guaranteed success.
Meh, even though Rome was glorious back then Medieval 2 was much better, but still flawed and bugged in so many ways, and Rome 2, with all it's bugs and flaws was on another level entirely. Game mechanics and engine in TW have evovlved so much since then that I can't imagine Rome 1 being remastered in any way that would lead to a better gameplay than current iterations.  I want Medieval 3.
Since there is no news of Total War: Medieval 3 releasing any time soon, can we atleast get a remaster for Total War: Medieval 2 meanwhile ?
Yo CA chill, I don't have enough money for Warhammer 3 and this
Gods... I hate gauls... Even before they updated their graphics
When you knobheads started to spende money on Advertisment like this, you barfed Rome 2, which is the benchmark to the word "clusterf***"ck  - even with your million patches it's not a fun game like Rome or Medieval 2.  The gameplay has never been the same and I stopped buying your games and I bought everything untill Rome 2.  Do not F*** this up.
Nice
Great but one question Will there be incendiary pigs
Вау
Looks like mobile game 👎👎👎
My god, how marvelous accent! These romans are very good! That's after conquering the England i see.
Who are these Roman LARPers and why are they speaking a barbarian tongue instead of Latin ?
Ват???
Me seeing this video in my feed without paying attention to the title: Huh, a fan trailer, let's see it.  Me mid video: Wow these guys are actually pretty good for a fan trailer  * *Looks up to see it's an official trailer* *: WAIT WHAT... OHHHH that's gonna be good...
Now that was a bunch of nothing "trailer" Considering what CA "evolved into" in the last 15 years, I dont have any hope for ... pretty much anything.
Turns out Christmas was on a Thursday in March this year. Who knew?
Year 2021 and i am  still waiting for Medieval III :(
Wait what?!
UNITS! DOUBLE TIME!  *AYE!*
Someone has been busy this year :)
ROMA INVICTA!!!  FOR THE KING!!  VIVE LE FRANCE!! FOR THE GLORY OF THE SHOGUN!! FOR SIGMAR HELDENHAMMER!!  Seriusly, thanks CA for everything.
I just came
you just made a sale my friends
Just to let everyone know, if you already own Rome on Steam its half off so only 15 dollars
You’re doing everything to avoid Medieval 3 aren’t you?
I just got an email saying "The One that started it all!"  Shogun: DUDE?
There once was a dream... a dream called ROME !!!!
Why a remaster of the original? When you have Rome 2?
Sounds like money for old rope ........ how sad .
ΤΙ ΛΕΣ ΤΩΡΑ!!!
wow... sweet mother of bomb
Cool trailer, but man is the armor ugly. Get some decent reenactors.
Excellent idea !
This is amazing.
Holy crap the actually dead this is the kind of year where they just keep giving
Holy hell. Where did this come from?!
OMG
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Isn't that just ROME II?
CA: casually announces Rome 1 Remaster The Fans: GODS BE PRAISED!
Instant purchase. For that is what Rome needs and desires.
Gods... I hate Gauls.
I see different generals have gathered in the section for suggestions. Nice
Pretty cool trailer to be fair
Rome is eternal !!!
Oh hell yeah!!
you are now forgiven for Rome 2
Wow, I did not see this coming and it is the first time I have actually been excited about a remaster. I still enjoy the original so much and to play it without weird performance issues is going to be so amazing. Thanks.
OLOCO PUTA QUE PARIU CARALHO!
Roma Eterna
Out of move Sire!!!
For the Republic!
Yee
"Divinitas starts playing"
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Nope, if it worth something, I'm not happy. They didn't create anything new, they've just satisfied the nostalgic desire of many, restructuring an old game. But still ramains an old game. And obviously I understand they're a company and need to make money, but, again, if my opinion worth something, I don't like it.
but why?Medieval is older than rome 2.it should get a remaster first,than rome. tbh i want a new medieval ,not a remaster,but if i had to chose a remaster it would make more sense to remaster medieval. what a let down
Why not Alexander campaign for rome 2 ?
Just include random-combined skins for units like in all the others Total War games after this, and I will be happy.
...and bought... Luckily I'd registered my old CD versions of ROME many, many years ago on Steam when I 1st started up my account.
Deus vult
Gods, I hate Gauls.    So excited!!
Квириты, мы этого долго ждали!
Belisarius!  GET THE TROOPS!
I love how trailer is referencing the player as protagonist. Nice job, CA!
I mean.... but warhammer 3
Perhaps a new Rome total war will take up the sword, bring order where there is caos, remake the world of men into a better place... perhaps
"My name is Maximus Decimus Meridius, commander of the Armies of the North, General of the Felix Legions and loyal servant to the TRUE emperor, Marcus Aurelius. Father to a murdered son, husband to a murdered wife. And I will have my vengeance, in this life or the next." Ad Maximus and I'll pay every early fckn access you shoot at me. #IHaveSpoken
My god damn dream come true!
LET'S GET STUCK IN BOYS!
Rome Total War - Best Game of Creative Assambley Studious. Greak Work, Thank you so much!
Hyped!
Hope the music isn't ruined.
I played this game all the time during my highschool years and that helped me learn English plus got into Rome history
OMG OMG OMG OMG
The what? Nice!
Great, very excited about, but I would have liked release on 21 April, dies natalis xD
“the enemy are utterly beaten, this is a crushing victory worthy of a great general” - voice crack narrator man
Rome remastered and warhammer 3??? In the same years??? Am I dreaming?
Nice seeing Nicholas Boulton here. I closed my eyes and I can only hear Hawke from Dragon Age.
This was the fastest pre purchase  of my life!
YEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
How, How can you mention such a message just BTW. OMG!
Тысячи часов, и снова здравствуй, старый Рим)
Ave, Caesar, morituri te salutant
If this is another hero game, im done with the franchise
First historical game I might give a whirl
This will be The Rome II we've waited for for a decade.
now great games have ceased to be created. so remaster the old ones. better than nothin i guess
OMG
I'm so here for this! So many great memories to relive.
noo :(( what about empire total war ??
The Mediterranean: "Chuckles, I am in danger"
Beastman DLC look grate
ROME DEMANDS VICTORY FROM HER GENERALS!
In a future update please add culture as a religion mechanic. "Latin" "Hellenic" "Celtic" "Punic" etc. You wouldn't be able to recruit Hastati in a Celtic dominated settlement only levy local tribesmen etc. It would give the game more emotion and the player the experience of the very diverse cultures of the Mediterranean. To increase ones culture they would need to build religious buildings and "Latin Colonies" etc. Europa Barbororum did this but Vinilla Enhancement mod did this better.
Insane ^^
I hope it will like the Total Rome and not like rome 2
Epic
"Gods...I hate Gauls. My grandfather hated them too, even before they put out his eyes. Did you think I'd be out here on the frontier without good reason? Yes, Rome needs a strong frontier. No, Rome doesn't need unwashed barbarians at her gates! So, that's why I'm here, the leader of the Julii: to bring Roman order to stinking Gauls. Revenge? That'd be good too. This war against the Gauls won't last long, and when it's done, I've got plans. This is all about power, power in Rome. Going down that road means dealing with all my rivals: the Senate, the Greeks, those Carthaginian elephant-riders, the Scipii and the Brutii families too. After all, the man who controls Rome rules the world...and one day, I will be Emperor." - The House of Julii
i hope they keep the original music and fix the framerate issue
I said it last year with total war troy and ill say it again here this is the best thing to come out off 2021
Why guys? I can't even remaster my childhood
The Moment, the Legions start Marching with the Original Soundtrack in this again, EARGSM on the 4k lvl, holy sht
Hope they keep/add new epic speeches before the battles. Was a great idea i'm sad they dropped it in the latest entries ...
Medieval 2 Total War remastered confirmed?
Wait what?!
GODS I HATE GAULS, MY GRANDFATHER HATED THEM TOO!
Today is the proud day to be Roman!
I think you'll find all I perfected was the corner camp, dear Consul ;)
Damn... just like that!! Out of nowhere!!  Hope for medieval 2 some day 🙏
CA is being too good to us in 2021 so far <3
This means Medieval 2 Remastered is coming!
Oh another graphic update with a price on it ? Or am I wrong?
Someone edit the guy at the end to be legendoftotalwar quick.
LETS GO
For the remastered version, if it is possible, could you make the north african province borders look more like how they did in Rome 2 or how they historically looked?  Other than that, this is great :)
Im trowing money at my TV just take it, TAKE IT!!!!!
I want to believe ....
LET’S GOOOO
So this is how they're avoiding making any Historical "3" games. Well, I for one approve!
Does this mean there is a chance for a Medieval 2 Total War remaster?
Hellatorius, victorialis
Julianus Vatinius rides again!
Sons of Rome rejoice! The time of reconquest nears soon.
Any gameplay yet 😂😭🙈 the game that got me into total war games how i have missed thee
Melkor is being proven a prophet
Oh well, I guess no more drawing for me from April and onwards.
THE GODS WISH THE GREEKS TO BE GREAT AGAIN!A NEW ALEXANDER HAS COME
I CAN ONLY BE SO ERECT  DUN DUNA DUN DUNNA NA DUN DUN DUNA DUN DUNNA DUN
Gods, I love unexpected game announcements My father loved them too
Remaster Empire and/or Medieval 2. We already have good looking and modern Rome games with Rome 2 and Atilla. I can't be the only person sick of seeing you reuse the same garbage barbarian model you have used in Rome, Attila (and all its dlc) , and Thrones. Hated that model in Rome 2. They did not look better as they were recycled in every other game for the next several years.
Just what we wanted....NOT
Carthago delenda est!
CA: oh btw here is a remastered Rome TW.  Everyone: oh cool...wait WHAT?!?
Please don’t make me pay for Sparta!
Ok I Warrhammer 3 won't be y'alls last game I buy.
Definitely buying this. No second thoughts
Pajama spearmen in HD 👌
please be fully moddable like the original and please remaster medieval 2 next
Where is total war medieval or mtw3 ?
Remake shogun 2 now
IN BEFORE MEDIEVAL 2 REMASTER MAKE IT HAPPEN
Now all I need is gameplay footage.
Armoured hoplite stacks let's goooo
I hope it will be like Rome TW, with better formations, general spreeches and every other missing feature and not like Rome 2.
Total war Rome 3 confirmed!
WHY??! I’ve already put 1000 hours into Rome 1 why do it again, make Medieval 3 stop fing around. I never understood remasters you’re just selling me the same game twice.
Remember! We are the sons of Mars!!
NO MORE MOVES SIR
Here's hoping the Ptolemies don't get depicted improperly this time around.
This better be the Starcraft 1 remastered kind of a remaster and not the Warcraft 3 Reforged experience.
oh wow
I've long waited for this moment))
Awesome very awesome! But I'm still kinda hoping for an updated Empire. I liked the multiple land masses and gunpowder warfare.
Crossing fingers this new version won't require a NASA computer
What about total war Rome 2?
wowowowow
This On top of 200 years Greek Independence day, This is a Glorious day Indeed
I mean yes this is amazing!!! Don’t get me wrong. Although, we have Rome 2, why not remaster Medieval 2 or bring out an Empire 3/Victoria. Or was this the cheapest option?
“I am a true Roman, of the old style!”
Men! We face adversity! A band of brothers, dedicated to the warriors code of retextures and high res! We will never know defeat while we stand together!   There stands the low res horde, ready to fight. I think we shall send many of them to Windows XP! Many times i have faced this low res, and many times i have beaten them! When we win, this HD res will be yours, as much as mine!   And remember, they may have the moon people on their side, but we have fancy hats!
Does this mean that the Decisive battles TV SHOW will come back as well!? lol
FINALLY BEST GAME IN TOTAL WAR SERIES COME BACK!!!
UNEXPECTED
Haha, brilliant trailer!
They did it oh my GOD!
god dammit i almost shat my pants cause i thought this was a warhammer 3 gameplay trailer or something almost gave me a heart attack.
NICE! Medieval next? )
Is this a Remaster or a Remake? I know the name but I want to be sure
Oh it's cool but come on why not empire 2 total war?
I wish TotalBiscuit were here to see this.
Unbiased history of Rome, join me for the glory of Rome !
Unnecessary. Why should I play this when I have roma 2. We are waiting for medieval 3.
BRING MEDIEVAL 3 PLZ IM GETTING DEPRESSED
That trailer is badass not gonna lie.
Shut up and take my money 😱
Insta buy! I mean, who doesn't need a 5th copy of Rome: TW :D
So they decided they didn't like the name Total War Rome 3?
Proud Roman's, all of us!
FRIKKING YES the  best game ever, now modernized? PLEASE don't change any core gameplay,    just make it prettier and I will be so glad.
I love it
Time to get back.  Rome!!!
The dude at the end is the same dude from the OG boxart
I checked the date to make sure it’s not April 1st
Already pre-ordered. This is what we asked of Rome 2
Can we get more of this live action stuff? That was actually really well done.
AVE ROMA!!
Also no Polish localisation? Lameeeeeeee
YES. YES. AND YES AGAIN.!!!!!
There is already Rome II, what's the point ?
YESSSSSS
ive never been more horny for a game
So, you peoples will make an awesome cinematic for a remaster, but skimmed out on the Cinematics for warhammer and three kingdoms. I see you guys.
IMPERATOR!!!!
Gods, I hate Gauls. My Grandfather hated them too, even before they put out his eyes.
Wat. Out of Nowhere. Wat.
WHAT! :v
Disappointemnt of 2021 coming right up.
multiplayer with more than 2 ?hmmmm
Welcome back. This time with 278 DLCs.
Medieval II is far more deserving of a remaster tbh....
Please remaster Medieval 2 or Empire
Old time way of advertising was better, no fancy movie style shows, just honest simple gameplay footage. Nevertheless I'm still excited for this beauty to come out.
Third age mod
Where is my empire 2???
Just why ? We have ROME 2. I don't understand why you remastered this game. Just for fight rebels factions everywhere in the map ?
omg
ROME TOTAL WAR IS BEST YES-YES!!!!!!!!
ROMA INVICTA!
Why stop here? Why not announce Medieval 2 remastered tomorrow?
TESTUDO!
Does this mean Medieval might get remastered instead of a Med 3?
INCREDIBILIS
LEGIONARY!!
Never pre ordered so quickly
Egypt still needs to have a historically inaccurate unit roster or we riot.
баля серьезно?
FOR THE GLORY OF ROMA!
I am so happy right now, thank you for this.
WHAT!!!!
Will there be co-op campaign?
The Greeks could rule the world.
HOLD THE F*CK ON A SEC!....IS THIS FOR REAL? NO F*CKING WAY THIS IS REAL? I SWEAR THE GOD I HAVE GOOSEBUMPS LIKE I NEVER HAD BEFORE! OMG I CANT BREATHE O_O
Britannia head hurlers comeback?
ROMA INVICTA
Неожиданная, но приятная новость!
Bro wat
Finalmente una buona notizia ,basta cinesi e cagate simili.  Roma invicta
This is the best Remastered trailer that I have ever seen!!  Great job and I look forward for this!!
Graphics look almost real
LETS GO
I had rather seen an overhaul. Strategy games have dramatically improved in the meantime
WTF
Italy: "Rome has a copyright"
PLEASE RUN THIS ROME ON THE ORIGINAL ENGINE SO WE CAN ACUALLY MICRO WITH SKILL. TOTAL WAR IS TOO SLOW AND IF YOU RESMASTER A GAME IT NEEDS TO HAVE THE SAME MECHANICS BUT LOOK BETTER AND HAVE ADDITIONAL FEATRURES. DO NOT RUIN THIS FOR US, PLEASE. THUMBS UP IF YOU AGREE PLEASE POEPLE
I just soiled my biscuit
Okay. I'm calm, I'm calm... No, I'm not calm!
Does this mean that we will be getting a new Medieval Total War???????? (no plans to remaster other titles in faq) :D
TRIARII!!!!!! HASTATI!!!!
Now this is podracing
Unleash Hell! (Cavalry charges into pikes)
Can we have a Medieval 2 Remastered?
Can we please have larger scale battles... 10k- 50k men at least
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I dumped my girlfriend 16 years ago to play more Rome during my summer holidays. Why do you do this to me?
ON THIS HOUR TOMMORROW OUR ARMS WILL ACHE FROM OVERUSE! NOW I SAY HERE, THIS FAR AND NO FURTHER, LETS GET TO OUR BLOODY BUSSINESS!
I AM A GROWN MAN SQUEALING WITH JOY THIS IS NOT MY NATURAL STATE SOMEONE HELP ME PLEASE
OH DAMN YEAH!
I hope it will be a full new game / remake, not just a resolution boost and Windows 10 adaptation
For the love of good please improve coop ! This is probally the best time to try out new things for the CooP campaign.
TW Warhammer 2 DLC TW Rome Remastered  TW Warhammer 3    2021 just got better and better
GIVE US MEDIEVAL 2! WHOLE ROME THEME BECOMES BORING FAST.
Take my money
YOOO
I`m the only one Getting chills by thinking back to the original. Hell ya . I will come, I will see, I will Conquer! Senatus, Populus que Romanum.
*OH MY GOSH I AM SO EXCITED*
This is the best timeline
This also means age of Alexander remastered
DO MEDIEVAL 2!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Omg medieval total war could be next. I would be happy with the first and/or the second.
Oh my.....please be a good, no, the best one of remastered, please.
ROMA INVICTA!!!!!!!!
WHAT IS HAPPENINNGGG YOU CANT DROP THIS OUT OF NOWHERE!!
Hastatii
Multiplayer campaign? No mention on the faq :(
Shogun 2 was my last TW game, didnt even get to play Rome 2. Time to take back my empire
2021 saved
LET'S. GO.
I'm ready lets go!
so you are telling me theres a chance for medieval 2 remastered in the future ? :D
I literally cried. 16 years and finally, we have our legions back.
SPQR...Senatus Populusque Romanus
We want MEDIEVAL III
I loved the Scipii. ( mainly because of their colour )  Will be a blast to play them again.
my longest yea boi ever
give romans american accents again ffs
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.
Pls i beg you sign a contract with jeff van dyck and let him make Soundtracks :(
Gods... I HATE Gauls!
Give us a emperor of humble beginning give us a emperor our army deserves  GIVE US EMPEROR AURELIAN                                               \ | /                                            -- * --                                             / | \                                                ¯\_( ͡❛ ͜ʖ ͡❛)_/¯                                          \\ [T] //                                           |[    ]|                                           [|   |]                                            //\\
Finally... we have returned!
The tacit admission that Rome 1 was better than Rome 2?
Sweet Jupiter's testicles that's good news!!!!  I just hope to holy hell they haven't fixed it till it's broke'
Well history bois you got your win and us warhammer fans got are win everybody (hopefully) wins
Sincerely hoping that all the easter eggs will be there as well 👀
What a pleasant surprise! Would love to see some gameplay footage.
Empire total war remake?
2021 is looking up finally! Except there goes my whole summer inside grinding this game.
Don’t know why but I wish he’d said “welcome back commander”
В 4к и полностью на русском, это прекрасно! Ребята вы лучшие. Дайте 2 штуки
Violets are red The sea is blue When Bruni back So Rome too
Wtf are these shity leather arm bands?
That dude is epic but he does not resemble average TW player xD
finally, a good total war game after 15 years.
Real question, "remastered" will mean what exactly? I've never purchased any remastered games yet. Also most of the folks I know that have played and loved Rome 1 and 2 would rather prefer Rome 3.
I was looking for that!
Nice, ultra wide support :D
when warhammer 3 come out?
Is that a game or a movie? XD
Us, oldies, are not forgotten!
Where the hell did this come from?!?
Medieval 2 RE or Empire RE would have been a better idea..
Time for the return of those Carthaginian elephant riders!  Rome AND Warhammer III!? Good times ahead!
Wait, i'm confused..
Pls No 200 DLCs!
And that’s another month or two till TWW3 news :(
If they went through and remastered all their old historical titles that would be exciting.   Would love a remastered Medieval II, Shogun II, and Empire.
Thank God this is on steam! Sega you had my curiosity, but now you have my attention!
Rome 2 has finally been announced.
The daaaayyyy is ooouuuurs!!!
SWEET JESUS
Gods... I hate Gauls.   My grandfather hated them too, even before they put out his eyes. Did you think I'd be out here on the frontier without good reason? Yes, Rome needs a strong frontier. No, Rome doesn't need unwashed barbarians at her gates! So, that's why I'm here, the leader of the Julii: To bring Roman order to stinking Gauls.   Revenge? That'd be good too.   This war against the Gauls won't last long, and when it's done, I've got plans. This is all about power. Power in Rome. Going down that road means dealing with all my rivals: The Senate, The Greeks, those Carthaginian elephant-riders, the Scipii and the Brutii families too. After all, the man who controls Rome controls the world...  And one day, I will be Emperor.
*GODS, I HATE GUALS*
I've watched it 9 times already but it's still great as hell
*TAKE MY MONEY*
ou est medieval 2 remastered :( ou medieval 3 mais bon ça fait quand meme plaisir <3
a surprise, but a welcome one to be sure!
Just imagine if they reused some of the early RTW/MTW2 mechanics like population, movilization of armies/garrisons without a general and infinite building slots in the newer TW games!
Is this an early April's fools joke?
Is it too early to ask for a Medieval II remaster next?
Can't wait to see how they mess this up like rome 2.
This better not be an Early april fools because else it's a SHAMEFUR DISPRAY!!
THERE ARE NO WORDS IN GODS GREEN EARTH TO DESCRIBE HOW INCREDIBLY ERECT I AM!
Can’t wait to build a full army of town watch again
Take all of my noney
I will do me a purchase.
This trailer is so bad
ROMA VICTA
Who is he ?
No
We want medieval 3
Interesting....
Shogun 2 remastered.. Napoleon remastered.. I have hopes, dreams. ;-;
Medieval 2 total war remastered next
YEAH!!!
Please do not attack, accept or we will attack
wowww
Now everything what I need to live is remaster of Medieval II and remastered Third Age Total War mod.
OH MY GOD IT'S HAPPENING
*stares in cowman*
So the next would be Medieval 2 Remaster right?
You've  turned old into new 5 times already😴😴😴. Its 2021, make a total war with gunz, an other modern history weopons of war. Please eh
A yes, Julianus Vatinius has returned!
If there aren't any incendiary pigs I'm going to be disappointed
The question is: Will Egypt still be stuck in the bronze age?  lol
Medieval 2 now
KISLEV!!!
Omg
Ok, that's really cool. But I will wait until medieval. I had enough a little bit of ancient period.
Hi mum
I love you Total War❤
Fist warhemer 3 now rome remaster i cant resist it is time to veni vidi vici
BUT I DON'T WANT TO PLAY AS PONTUS
But...why?
"OUR ROMAN GODS ARE WATCHING. MAKE SURE THEY ARE NOT ASHAMED!"
Got the original in my shelf still, do I get a discount? ;)
KEEP SAME UNIT ROSTERS AND STATS
I'm going to need that distilled into a vaccine and injected straight into my veins, k?
Welcome Back...Son of Rome!!!
WE NEED M2TW REMASTERED!
No way😭😭😭real men will cry to thus
HISTORICAL FANS! IT'S OUR TIME NOW!!!
wait. What?
ROMA IN VICTOR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Would be awesome if they had a vs or Co op campaign feature
Ok, THIS IS EPIC
Total War giving fans the best gift us fans could receive!
People thought that we would be getting a Rome game next. They got it, but it wasn’t what they expected.
аж встал
Curious what they did about bronze-age Egypt in iron-age game XD
Sweet. Kinda wish I was somewhere other than Taiwan now; kinda.
Time to dust off the Selucid Empire again...
>"not all of us get a second chance" What did they mean by this?
First Rome Remastered, then Medieval 3
Praise Zeus!! our prayers have been answered!!! the Romans shall rise once again !!
Gods...I hate Gauls
Genius
TAKE MY MONEYYYYYY
where is the turkish language ? :D  If you don't add the turkish, i didn't buy.
Medieval 2 total war remastered when?
IMPERATOR?????!!!!!!!!!!!!
time to artillery only my way through gaul
ROMA INVICTA!! AAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!
😍
APRIL FOOLS???!
Let's GOOOOOO
Finaly a total war game thar my PC can run!
I FCKING LOVE IT WHEN DEVS DO THIS
Rome III or gtfo
Good news via awful production. This legend deserves better quality in cinematic.
House scippii will reign supreme once again!!
I’m intrigued and surprised that this was remastered.
Smh rome again pffffff. Games is as overrated as the actual Roman Empire who's achivments are taken out of proportion by european revisionist
Journey to Rome Part 2 :)
20 Germanian Berserkers lets goooo
My ... my childhood my first ever self brought video game my my ... this is to random and to much for me ... why how... ?! THANK U! :')  Is that in the Trailer the guy on the Cover of Rome?? :O
I was preparing for the WH3 Right swing and here you come with the ROME REMASTERED LEFT HOOK FROM NOWHERE
“Are you with me, Titus Pullo? Will you come with me to Rome?”  The whole trailer gave me the vibe of crossing the Rubicon.
I was preparing for the WH3 Right swing and here you come with the ROME REMASTERED LEFT HOOK FROM NOWHERE
Don't announce a remaster and NOT SHOW ANYTHING. Also, remaster Medieval 2 Total War (Imagine if modding LotR in it works) and also Shogun 2 Total War.
Im more hyped for this than I ever was for Rome 2
"He forged the empire, conquered distant realms, perfected the art of war for his return."  CA talking real dirty to old fans. :P
Legionarios¡¡¡¡ Prepararse para pelear de Nuevo¡¡¡
Oh, I won't be "taking back the empire for Rome". I'll be kicking the Roman Empire out of our lands.
But why?
This is so awesome! We need Medival and Empire Total war remastered.
Probably a troll but how did no one know if it is real
Yay for all of us!!! We didn't expect that to happen.
Holyshit, the most exciting news today!
Finally a good news from CA recently.  Mediaeval 2 remestered or medieval 3 next thx~
I'm glad, but I'm also scared; pls, reuse the original game voices for the non-English versions, don't make the game half English half X like the newer total wars
I am surprised look at the calendar not 1st April  phew....
What a waste of money, just show the game play footage
Sons of the empire our Rome need us one more time!
finally back to a Total War game with functional sieges and actual dynamic battle AI
Omg, i hope Europa Barbarorum will work with this in time!!!!
wtf is thisssss???
Omg this is great i love Rome!!!!
Great I am exited. Just this is the worst trailer I have ever seen for a game.
Imperator?
$40??? You dirty thieves, Free mods that have been out for a decade look better
good start 2021
Rise, sons of Rome!!
Yeeeesss!!!
HOLY MARS WHERE DID THIS COME FROM
FRICK YES!!! My first total war.
Next Medieval 2 Remaster 🤔❤️
Yea one question... what for? Rome 3 would be more suitable
Do you think the historical total war fans will stop bitching? Probably not.
can't wait to spam cav in my army and run away all the time in a battle and spend 50 minutes per battle to get a pyrrhic victory
So now I'm gonna take Segesta in HD
WTF CA ?!! You have made my day :D !!
medieval total war 3 when
I hate Gauls...
We Gauls wore our pyjamas and ready to WARRR.
Shogun 2 please Remaster😭😭
Really good graphic xd
Wow this is out of nowhere, awesome
Well the moment i saw the video hit youtube, i immediately went to steam and bought it, nice with 50% disc if already own the original
This gives us hope for a medieval 2 remaster !!!
You relase your april fool's joke to early! This is just to amazing to be true!
could i get it for free cause im really cool?
Define remastered and do so quickly!
how you hide this so well? i love you CA , sniff. it has been 16yrs, 16 LONG years.
HYYYYYYPE
Gods...I hate Gauls. My grandfather hated them too, even before they put out his eyes.
Yes Rome Total War remastered gonna get this when it comes out. Pumped for it
what
crazy, now remaster medieval 2
My family, The House of Scipii are beloved of the gods! A proud boast but true all the same...
yessss
Oh no the remastering wave hit Total War...
Time to relive my childhood, so many hours spent playing
Yes, thanks for this. Tried to play a campaign a while back but with the quality of life improvements to the battles I couldn't go for long. Please just don't change how the population works or the campaign mechanics in general!
l missed berserkers for years.
Well well... Another reason to listen “Arabic Summer” again
Rise up Julii
Empire total war remastered would’ve been absolutely better smh 🤦🏼‍♂️
it better have the free roaming in the city like the original
Take my denarii!
That Consul surely came from Brittannia.
WHAT!?!?!?
I whant the trailer of the last dlc of total war warhammer 2 😭
Yo what
OMFG!!!!!!!
AAAAHHHH THIS IS THE GAME THAT MAKE ME STUDY HISTORY AAAHHHH *IMPLODES*
Am I Dreaming?
Altight, I'm game. But I want to know if this is a remaster in the sense that it's just Rome with a compatability patch and various fixes or is it pretty much a whole new game with Romes mechanics and gameplay?
This is amazing
Please keep the Parthian Desert infantry
Legend never die
Remaster Medieval 2 Total war Too in the name Of God ...+
MOD SUPPORT HAS BEEN DECLARED!
Ok now when is medieval 2
is rome 1 trying to match Skyrim with its re-releasing?
Okay now make Medieval 3 Total war please
Roma Invicta!
O:
LOL OMG it's just garbage
*To the Total War team: Please, please, please make this hotseatable! Or at the very least with an online multiplayer campaign for more than two people!!!*
wth how are you just gonna casually drop remastering a game that Ive played for decades
lets hope medieval II gets the same level of love
*BARBARIAN VICTORY THEME INTENSIFIES*
I just finished a brutii campaign yesterday and this dropped? How convenient!
CA: Hey ya Btw Total War Rome Remastered is a thing Everyone: Wait... What!?!?!?!?!?!? CA:  Yeah. Comes out next month Everyone: O_O
*Cries for Medieval 3
🙋‍♂️
Anything to avoid doing Empire 2 huh?
really guys ? u said last time spend money on this real life cinematics was a mistake. and u are doing it again ?
A simple list to make me happy: -Same music -Nothing like total war: Troy -Bring back proper kill animations
I dont know if this is an early april fools... but i really hope its not
Julii
he was a   CONSUL OF ROME
A surprise for sure
Scipii will rise again!
Still playing halo wars 2
So I randomly got this in my recommended... WHAT IN THE ABSOLUTE BLOODY WORLD??!!
SHUT UP AND TAKE MY DENARI ALREADY
Empire II Total War
WTF MY LIFE IS COMPLETE GLORY TO ROME 😌😌
Total War is hellbent on saving 2021
please medieval 2 total war and medieval 2 total war kingdoms next? upgraded for next gen
Why bot med 3?
Mighty general!
it will be a day soon remembered
Ca: "He's been buying up dlc for factions from all over the world" Me: "Deus Vult!"
Here is the pure of total war, not warhammer kid fantasy!
Holy...Sh*t! I wasn't expecting this at all.
Yes!
Well damn this is cool but now I also want a Medieval 2 Remastered
Yessssss!!!
This made my day
Okk... I have no idea what the heck is going on, but i absolutely love it !!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Get ready for Julius Gaius Caeser kiting around Gauls and spamming his "Et tu" ability which gives him 50% physical damage resist from behind for 20 seconds. If modern Total War design philosophy was in place when the series started, we wouldn't have Total War still around now.
Roma Invicta
Let us raise the golden eagle and conquer it all IN THE NAME OF ROME!
ME2 Remastered waiting room
yawn
Can't wait to see Eastern Infantry in HD
I did not exoact that
Interesting. Unexpected. Unprecedented in the franchise.  We will be watching your progress with great interest.
Legio aeterna victrix!
Awesome! Rome: Total War was my first Total War game I've played and still think it is one of the best Total War games.
ITS HAPPENING!!
woah! WOAH! *WOAH!* *W̷O̷A̷H̷!*  if this gets remastered, shogun 1 has its chance right? *ˢᵃʸ ʸᵉˢ ᵖˡᵉᵃˢᵉ*
Ah, Manifest Destiny: Roman Edition. All of Europa belongs to Rome. For Nero! For Caesar! For the Imperator!
Welcome back, Biggus Dickus.
Wtf I tought rome 2 was rome 1 remastered, this is not going to end well
Remember my son, Rome must have an emperor and you are its caretaker.
Ready the legions, we'll use the old ways.
So the remastered version is live-action. CA have outdone themselves. 🤣
Was excited to play with my friend... Nvm... Went to the store and remembered it doesn't have coop...
Ok now i love you again ca
Hope you dont put in the new shitty mechanics
Please don't.
WAAAAAAAGGGHH
This came out of absolutely nowhere, but I'm certainly not complaining!
I have no words but I must scream!      AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
"Veni, vidi, vici"
the only total war game i play with over a 1000 hours is getting remastered???? oh god my body is ready
Almost expected the character to be legend of total war.
تقدر تحط ترجمة عربية على قوائم
Seems that CA know that most of us are in Lockdowns, and give us something we can stay in for :D  One of the best, i am excited!
How the hell did you guys keep thisna secret all this time.
This is goofy af but i like rthat
Absolutely loved the soundteack
Wow
Cheasy trailer but I still can't wait for the remastered game!
Kiyamet bugündür ummeti muhammef
Oh i have a bad feeling about this
I HAVE WAITED WHOLE LIFE FOR THIS
Gaming Executive: What shall we remake/remaster next? Gary Oldman: EVERYTHING!
هل بيكون فيه ترجمة عربية على قوائم
Can we get a screenshot or something!?
Yas Yas Yas Yas Yas Yas Yas
yesssssss
How do I pay you guys to remaster Shogun 2?
This is awesome, cant wait to hear that sweet soundtrack again
Bajajabsiabsbs Allllah
wha wha what what¡
Shut up and take my money
What?
TRIARII!
My childhooooooooooood ;-;
I came. I saw. I came again!
YOU CAN'T JUST DROP THIS OUT OF NOWHERE LIKE THAT WHAT
YESSS!!!
Rome will rise again!
roma surrectum 4 on this would be nice indeed.
These are insanely realistic graphics! I mean, if the remaster is going to look like this, it will be amazing..... xD  But seriously, come on, guys, how does it really look like? I have had hundreds of hours of epic fun in this game. The music was the best part. I hope you keep it there.
So this is a "new" Total War game...
my life is complete
1:06  Commander: What difference can one man make?   LegendofTotalWar: Cheese. Give me all the cheese you have.
Please keep the music from the original
A surprise, to be sure, but a welcome one.  They better include the original soundtrack or so help me Jupiter
Rome demands victory from her generals. The day is ours.
Don’t wanna sound like ‘that guy’ but I feel like a medieval 2 remaster would’ve been a lil nicer.. but hey, beggars can’t be choosers! Much love CA for finally showing some love to the historical OGs
What the hell
LET’S GOOOOOOOOO
What took you so long?!
FINALLY!!!!! Now I can play Ardiaei in 4k :)
Can‘t wait to be let down by my Eastern Spearmen one last time
ALL ROME WILL BE AMAZED AT SUCH A VICTORY
About 6 months after release when the modders have done their thing, this might be the best game ever. So hyped.
OH MY GOD, IT WILL BE RELEASED ON MY BURTHDAY'S DATE, IT'S ONE OF THE BEST GIFTS I'VE EVER HAD.
lol all the new total war games suck. Rome 2 eventually became good, but it was the last one. Atilla and everything since was trash. ofc CA needs to scum money back somehow.
I'm excited for this!
WOOHOO THATS WHAT IM TALKING ABOUT BABY
Does it mean we'll have Bronze Age Egypt in Rome: Total War again?
Messi as Emperor?
Will Rome get a chance to meet Chinese Han then? All the charmalagne/assets are ready
OMG!!!!
No more " give me back my legions "
The legend is back!!!!!!!
Where is warhammer 3 ?????????????????????????
!!!!!
A surprise to be sure but a welcomed one.
I can already hear the main menu song.
WE WILL RISE AGAIN! FOR THE EMPIRE!!!!!!!
Well I don't think any of us were expecting that...
WAHHHGGGG
came out of no where, thank the gods nonetheless
It seems we live in the best timeline
НАКОНЕЦ ДЕНЬ НАСТАЛ!
awesome!
Finally goddamn  was it hard?
Zack Snyder Total war: Rome
About damn time, it's going to be excellent.
Great, as long as you don't think this counts as a historical release.
Well that came out of nowhere...
*Trailer drops* Prince of Macedon: "This announce trailer has restored my strength"
Never played this Total War game before. Now I am considering it!
Brutii the true Sons of Rome will rise again!
well then, please be a Skyrim remaster and not a Warcraft 3 reforged.
Ohhhhh elden ring... oh wait wrong game
Now remaster the Empire game
YARRRRRRRRRRR
Great 4th wall references :D
SEGESTA DELENDA EST
**B R U H**
Next: Medieval II Remastered PLEASE!!!
Into my veins!
HYPED!!!
YES!
I beileve you guys! I believe its not gonna be like warcraft reforged. Looking for it!
YES
Nice, brings back hope to my heart that we might see a empire 2 or napoleon 2, Maybe even Medieval 3? Who else is hyped for these possibilities!
@HeirofCarthage is gonna have yearsss of content, I'm so excited
Yeeeeessssss!!!!!!
That's a pretty dope Trailer
I just finished my Rome 2 campain :D
LEGIO! AETERNA!
The OG is back!
Where Warhammer 3?
Shogun is sad.
the mad general wants his enemy hats!
Nostalgia: Total War
I'm going back to my childhood
Not gonna lie, if I didn't see the title, I would of the thought this was just a shitty fan made short of roman history lol
FINALLY THE DAY HAS COME ROME FELL AND NOW IT RISES AGAIN
Blood DLC when
Console
POG
Ah ret's make rome great again!
By Vespasian's shitbucket this is good news!
chad historical rome total war vs total war virginhammer  extremely based and im proud of you CA. Thanks for giving me hope
YESSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!! A THOUSAND TIMES YES!!!!!!!!!!!!
No way!
Take Back Your Empire - Take my Money :D
I want Total War: Rome III
Glorious!!
Medieval 2 and Empire Remastered pls.
TRIARII
8 year old me is so happy
OMFG!
NOOOO I want Total war Empire remastered
Whaaaat?!!
wat
Warhammer 3 and Rome 1 Remastered?  2021's looking good boys!
Medieval remastered when
What?!!
What an actual AWESOME trailer man!
But April 1st is next week.
oh. OH. OH HEL YEAH
Dude what the actual hell??  Absolutely no one was expecting this, nice job
BY JUPITER YES!
oh yess 😫😫😫😫
Олды тут?
Medieval 2 Total War needs to be remastered next!
2004 is back!!!
WE ARE ROMAN
yooo
WTF, WHERE DID THIS COME FROM!!??!?!
Never thought I'd see something make up for covid
“ROME WASN’T PATCHED IN A DAY!!!!” Always wanted to say that.
Hype!!!!!!!
ehh... no gameplay?
Oh my god this is the best thing I’ve heard all year, it’ll bring back memories
What the ...
Whoa what!?
Oof
WTF. NOOO WAY
AMAZING
when rome 2 is so bad they resort to this.
Roma Invicta!
damn... don't screw this up guys!
UNITS, MARCH!
Lets goo
YESSSSSSS!!!
first comment
THE DAYS IS OURS!!!!
Any questions? Check out the FAQ: https://www.totalwar.com/blog/total-war-rome-remastered-faq/ Choose your faction and join the fray in the Total War Discord server: https://discord.gg/totalwar
