This is the best channel as a as a alt edgy audhd gamer especially I love your humor
no socks in bath? i am very dissapointed
1:57 Fun fact, that “OFFICIAL TIATO LICENSED PRODUCT” label means Taito just looked at that product and just gave it their approval without any second thought  TAITO LICENSED A SPACE INVADERS BAR OF SOAP OF ALL THINGS. LET THAT SINK (no pun intended) IN FOR A SECOND
0:02 crash sample
Tbh i think its best to watch this video while showering
Everyone talks about Scott covering himself in dog food, soup, and hay, but no one is talking about how he literally got hit in the face with an Xbox, that gotta hurt.
god I wanna play golf...
To tell you the truth I wouldn’t
“Please take a shower.” -Microsoft
Cant believe scott showed his feet for free
This is probably my favorite scott video
This video would have 100 million views if Scott took his clothes off for the bath.
I am from Australia and I have literally never seen those Xbox shampoos and soaps in my entire life.
It makes me so weirdly uncomfortable watching him in his full clothes, half submerged in water, and with pieces of hay all over him talking about random video game bath products.
This is definitely one of my favorite Scott the Woz episodes.
No you need a shop vac Scott :D 0:03
1:29 that's what I always need every time I bathe
3:04 For FREE???
It's no surprise the Xbox grooming line didn't succeed when the smash bros grooming line was so successful
Game bath? Well that's an oxymoron
I miss his old end music
I feel like he just decided to make this after a random shower thought 20 seconds earlier
ACTUALLY that bathtub could've been a lot more cleaner. I thought MY bathtub looked bad before I cleaned it, but yours? Goddamn. There's mold everywhere and grime. Use some spray on bleach and a goddamn rag
I have watched this video on Gameboy Advance. Society has peaked.
i just want to appreicate that scott is the only person I've seen **uniquely** joke about gamer hygine
He rembered game baths by scott the woz was uploaded on that day
Xbox "grooming" line?
He got hit with so much dog food his hairstyle devolved entire seasons.
Now that Lush is selling Minecraft bathing products we need a sequel!
If you just give scott 3 and a half minutes, he can do something amazing like this.
I can't believe I didn't catch this top tier cringe for 2 years. It was recommended to me after the gamer products video which was also amazing. Scott you are hilarious bro!
ur best video ive ever seen
I love how Scott ate Xbox Shampoo just for a 1 second gag
Wait what
Scott the woz bath water
0:07 I bet this was a reference to Pepsi Invaders, a space invaders hack made by coke to sell coke and not Pepsi.
bruh there’s literally an asmr version of this
ALL BUT FOUR SENTENCES IN THIS VIDEO HAVE JOKES.  Holy fuck scott
0:04 Scott becomes the average Genshin Impact player.
1:43 OOF!
funnily enough, he probably had to take a real bath after this video. hopw he used the space invaders soap
Well.....xbox made all that specifically for their fanboys. They are all too aware of the fact that their biggest fans are troglodytes. It was an attempt by xbox to make their biggest fans at least someone presentable in public. They were clearly and justifiably ashamed of their fanboys.
Damn I just realised how much I miss watching Scott’s videos
I love how Scott continues to smile as he's getting drenched in cat food like he's wondering if he should bring us into his problem or not
1:21 thanks for clearing that up i was really confused
💀🎅🏿🍉
This is cursed
Finally… Gamer girl bath water
"Did you know using body spray eliminates your need for showers?" I feel so attacked right now.
Scott predicted gamer girl bath water
Scott I love you
1:43
I feel sorry for Scott’s shower
no one gonna talk about how we have official scott feet pics
Could use some HAY
1:07 pee pants
This episode gave me whiplash
0:14 ah yes, the community I associate good hygiene with the most  Gamers
I still know what bathtubs are. Seriously.
This might be unrelated, but I'm still deminonbinary. Seriously!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This video feels like scott challenged himself to make as many jokes in as short a time on a random topic in a cohesive video as possible. He has very specific challenges.
Scott the Woz Speedrun video
about wonton
TOM CRUSE WOH SPOODER MAN 🎉🎉🎉🎉
1:28 I've always headcannoned that one of scotta friend just had a bunch of hay lying around and they worked it into the script to finally get something out of it
1:42 your welcome
Gamer boy bath water 😳
“God making sure we always have SOMETHING to go to war over” has entered my vocabulary
Scott clean your tiles
ow D: 1:43
I found this video upsetting
My local Safeway used to have angry birds mouth wash
Scott is the definition of randomness
I forgot how lacking the market for gamers to bath
I loved it when he used hay to make the bathtub more comfortable
Every line in this video is funny
The background music should have been “Digital Bath” by Deftones
"this bathtub could be more comfortable.. could use some hay"
i hear the blue milk is quite powerful also the xbox soap would have  a hot cent
U know the won’t use this cuz they don’t take showers
This just in: Xbox enjoyers are GROOMERS
One of the funniest Scott episodes😂
it's allways the shorter episodes that slay me
and here I thought he was going to bath in all of his games.
3:06 you can see all the cleaning supplies Scott is using to clean the mess he did
It's a game n wash
I don't know if this is an example of masochism or a work of art. Probably a bit of both.
Dr. Jerry Attricks: All dreams have meaning My dreams:
1:05
3:12 furrys/cosplayers at conventions be like
Scott made a video for the people who commented, "Scott could make a video about soap and I'd still watch it!"
the ad that started playing did the " dark souls boss music ".   jesus do they know how to hit the mark.
There are so many rapid fire jokes and physical gags packed into this one. Despite its relatively short length, it must have been just as much of a production to film as any other video on the channel.
The asmr version is better imo
0:25 using body wash as shampoo is the most guy thing I’ve ever seen. Hay bale hair ;—;
❗️My Timestamps:  ❌️NONE GIVEN!  One of the last things Scott mentions in his previous Video (Mobile to Console) is 'taking a bath'...
the irony of game and baths in the same sentence, let alone being the only 2 words in the title
Yes I always wanted Xbox all over my body thank god there Xbox braided shampoo 1:42
We’re one step closer to Scott selling his bath water
Xbox Skin Jelly
Hey, we had Lynx Xbox here in new Zealand as well! Those damn aussies taking all the credit for their licensed xbox grooming products
1:49 no way the dedication
#1 Sexiest Anime Bath Episode
No, no- this is a good idea. Gamers need this.
1:43 oof
I love how short but sweet this video is
At the very least this video is a perfect showcase of how far Scott will go for a cutaway joke that lasts like two seconds.
this is honestly one of my favorite videos
I'm glad he didn't go for the "gamers are degenerates and don't take baths" joke. it's a low-hanging fruit
i admire the dedication to the bit so much. sitting in a bathtub in jeans, putting soap in his mouth more than once, everything that involved the hay… this video gave me heart palpitations just watching it, who knows what he went through while making it
I think this is actually my favorite “Scott the Woz” video.
*Melee player joke here
I just realized, Scott's videos are like fever dreams. You zone out for 30 seconds and you look back to see some random ass clips.
Not even a word about fucking game themed rubber bathtime ducks
Thought that this would be suitable to watch in the bath
*BATH BOMBS!!!!!* 🛁 💣
why did I think Scott was going to take a bath in his games?
Lynx? Axe over here I think.... No, no no no nooooooo..... lol
Did you know axe body spray is technically teargas
0:21 how many times youve seen the spongebob gamecube opening
This is my favorite Scott the Woz
Finally, scott the wozz's feet
Fun fact: this video was accidentally leaked by a Scott's Stash video.
If you ever feel useless remember xbox shampoo exists
what a filthy tub. clean that shit. jesus!
Body spray eliminates your need for a shower? I’m getting flashbacks of my middle school gym locker room now
This is my favorite episode lmao
Hehe 🙈
As an Australian I can confirm
Why is he so comically genius?
1:43 best part
Okay, this is why they made Xbox shampoo instead of Nintendo shampoo  1: The color
Xbox skin jelly is gold
It's a shame that scott doesn't mention the early era pokemon plushies that were designed to be played with in the bath since they were made of waterproof material with sponge filling inside. I still have a pikachu one that a cousin hunted down for me and it's one of my favorite and absurd things I own
The longest Scott the Woz video ever and it's still brilliant!
People who have never bathed before and love Xbox I’m pretty sure there are several
Well that was 3 minutes.
0:25
1:43 Black Friday motherfuckers fighting over the one ps5
1:43
Been to a convention can confirm
I thought he said just let a Nikka bathe
Scott don’t woz Challenge Rob Roger review a good game that he’s a fine
1:18 his lap...
its ironic that after a video about baths he’s gonna have to take one after filming
Is this his shortest video yet?
I have now seen the behind the scenes video and that dog food scene makes me cringe
so we all came back after the bloopers video?
3:15 okay Chris Chan…
1:42 I died and went to heaven and came back to earth just to comment how funny this was
The little Chris Chan reference at the end genuenly caught me off guard and I can't stop laughing
This man just doused himself in axe body spray for a video. He is both committed and insane
I always wonder if the ps4 shampoo is what makes the ps4 controller glow
Just watched the dog food video lmao
This feels like it should be an April fools video
the best part about this is that there’s also an asmr version of this video that pops up when you search for this video
Here at 1,420,461 views. (before that too)
POV: you’re here after watching the bloopers
I love how after getting dogfood, hay, and ketchup poured all over himself for seven minutes, the grossest thing he did the entire video was use axe body spray
bro put soap in his mouth 2 times for this video
I like how you can go back after the bloopers now and see his shirt is darker and dirtier in the first shot because of all the takes it took lmao
Now knowing what this room looked like after the dog food, this video is even better.
Who just dipped back into this video after watching the bloopers 🤣
that opening is even funnier now knowing it took like 4 takes to get right
We desperately need more of these short/mini episodes
One of his best videos to date
Dude clean your shower walls, all of that mold is disgusting
It’s funny because I feel like almost all gamers never bathe
This man is a menace he isn’t just bathing with clothes BUT WITH JEANS.
Gamer girl zelda bath water
charlie brown body wash gave me rash
The funniest part about this video is his hair flattening after it rains dog food on him
Game companies are finding ways to clean their gaming barbarians.
And they say he's still spraying that can of Axe to this day
LETS GOOOO SCOTT FEET!!!!!!
I am feeling pretty underage today…
Who remember mario crisps and TNMNT pizza?
I remember seeing that Mario golf set in a K-Mart (right as the company was dying) and thinking “Damn, that’s pretty blatant plagiarism.”  It took me until first watching this video to find out it was official.
i honestly don't understand 2 things: why xbox gamer soap why australian (said by an australian)
a like for the Australia rep
0:20 more like two circles lol
They need to make league of legends soap
YO I HAD THAT SONIC GAME, YOU HAVE JUST AWOKEN DEEP MEMORIES FROM THE ABYSS
This man put hay in his bathtub while bathing with clothes on for a 2 second skit. That’s true dedication
🤗🤗
Is it just me, or does the body spray sound continue into the outro and fade out? Cause I love that.
scott seems like the only human who looks in late 30's but also looks 16 at the same time. could easily star in a teen drama and also play his own characters dad at the same time. also would be a good spider-man.
As an Australian I actually used the Xbox deodorant. Shit smelt nice
I feel like the fully clothed bathing is something that scott actually does irl
Can I get link   to   the  xbox shampoo
What the f
0:25
1:41 When you talk to a Minecraft Villager (I know it’s unoriginal I’m washed up on jokes)
0:34 So PC users
In a desperate urge to get gamers to bathe,   XBOX SOAP.
@3:13 so you take Chris chan advice too I see 🤔
when youre a LIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIITTLE too obsessed with video games:
It's funny, because I read a post online saying that Scott's videos in recent years have become overly long.  And on the same day, Scott releases this video.
It is now canon that Scott is only ever seen fully clothed, even in the bath.
I would argue that gamers and baths aren't a circle, they're two separate circles entirely if the Magic the Gathering and Smash events are to be believed
Ever noticed at around 1:50 a bubble came out of he's mouth?
he needs a bath
"Bath fans gamers" is pretty much a part of Twitch.
Oh thank god I finnaly know what Scott’s feet look like
"I *GOTTA* *BATHE*"  that line always sends me into orbit
Scott's making videos about normal topics like E3 and the best selling consoles and all that and then he hits us with "Game Baths".
Ya know, for a video about bathing, Scott sure as hell got really fucking disgusting while shooting this video
This is just 3 minutes of chaos
I hate how shallow that bath Is
oh god the hay aaa. i feel so bad that you had to deal w h that LOL
Scott probably filmed and edited this in one or maybe two days and somehow made it hilarious
Seeing the xbox shampoo and Scott's end to this video makes me want to create a Steve Job's body spray.  It suits you with fruit juice and the label says that eliminates the need to bathe.  It will also make everyone at Atari hate you.
I remember buying that soap at the store as a kid, this video brings back memories
I feel bad for Scott everytime has to get wet while clothed in these videos
"For someone who has never bathed but loves xbox" Let me stop you right there scott....that's EVERYONE who loves Xbox!
Lynx missed the opportunity to make Atari shampoo
Every time it cuts to scott in the bath he looks like he’s in genuine pain
So true Scott! I agree with this one!
hello fake asmr fans
Fake ASMR turned this whole script into an asmr its the funniest shit
Have you ever done a waffle stomp in that sexy tub of yours? 🤣🤣🤣
You can accurately determine how long a Scott video will be just by how much he tortures himself in it.
Cannot believe he went through all of that just for a 3 minute skit
1:42 Scott: Basically, it allows XBox on your head, like never before.
Legend says he is still spraying himself with body spray
Anyone remember the skylanders swap force shampoo or something it’s been ages since I’ve seen that stuff
Uhhhh
i was legit shocked when the outro played because i didn't expected the video to be this short
6:59
Please don't suggest body spray as a shower replacement. I already can cut the air with a spoon at conventions as it is (DO NOT TASTE THE SPOON!! DO NOT DO IT!!).
This guy can talk about anything!
Does the space invader soap go up your butt?
I love you dad
6 yo me:NO NO BATH PLEASE NO  6 yo me when I need to get out of the tub: 1:18
This is my favorite scott video
This has to be Scott's most chaotic video. At the very least highest chaos per minute
Excuse me Sir but that was straw not hay.
Gotta love that outro theme
scott your data is all wrong. bath fans and gamers are not the same circle, they are two completely separate ones.
Scott is the best after the "I am feeling pretty underage today" joke
Won’t lie, that Xbox shower gel smelt pretty good
If there is a Nintendo switch soap (which sounds like a fan made thing ngl.) It would probably smell like cherry, strawberry, or fruit punch.
The Shortest video Scott the woz
What does Xbox smell like? XD
It is a crime that that final scene hasn’t been clipped by someone yet
"there's no bath fan + gamers venn diagram, it's just a circle"  Scott showing us he never went to a fighting game tournament
I used to play the sonic adventure soap toy so much when I was kid!
Best intro in 2021🤣
3:13 scott has the Chris chan philosofy
My man Scott Wozniak did a video on bubble baths and got 1.5 million views in 2 months
What a waste of food
That sonic bubbles game is so nostalgic
Robotop
thanks colon
1:43
What did i just watch.
There are a shocking amount of ads for Lynx Xbox in Australia. I once spun around in a spinning chair spraying it everywhere in my friends room so we could be better at tf2, the results were disappointing.
I remember seeing a kid whipping out his lynx xbox body spray thinking he was the shit. It is still brought up to this day among our friends
I haven't had one yet this year
“This bath could use some hay”-Scott the woz 2021
Finally something exclusive to Australia
2:20 LMAO!
"no i got the hole in 1 i dont need the tub anymore"
Lynx is the British name for Axe
Some A+ physical comedy in this one.
Seeing Scott wearing jeans in the tub with soap while covered in hay fills me with pain.
Scott tells his fans to take care of their hygiene - 2021, colorized
This is my favorite episode, it's just packed with so many quick jokes I couldn't stop laughing.
I don't know why, but this video got me. Scott went HARD on this video and it absolutely paid off.
I just beat him in english, I can't take this
I rlly thought for the bath fans and gamers Venn diagram, u would just have 2 separate circles lol
I have the Lynx Xbox shampoo, I’m Aussie btw, I had no idea that it was exclusive to us
this feel not like a full video it's as if someone cut this from a longer video and cut it together as if it's an out of context
space invaders   i  g e t i t n o w 😏
I personally owned the Tails Bath Game, and it was honestly amazing as a kid💯
Takes dedication to spray axe like that
Gamer bath products failed because the majority of extreme gamers that'd be into these kind of products don't bathe. I don't know how they didn't see this coming.
Bahahahaha… Aussie Dad here.   Bought my sons the Xbox shit.   You should have described how badly it stank… and how it didn’t lather up, just washed off your palm like clotted phlegm.
Scott, please clean the tiles around your bathtub because they look gross.
I bought the Xbox skin gelly like 3 years ago and haven’t recovered since
I’m not sure what kind of venn diagram has gamers and people who bathe anywhere near each other.
"xbox skin jelly"
Bath
The bath game was the very first thing that made me rage quit
The fact that the man bought a block of hay for the sake of a joke shows how dedicated he is to his videos. 😂
CLEAN YOUR GROUT  You will thank me later.
scott, please clean your dang shower walls. thank you.
Anyone else notice how the beginning was super wide eyed and slightly unhinged like Scott’s fully realized that he’s gonna get a pound of dog food dumped on him
where can I get my xbox skin jelly
I thought this was going to be a video about cleaning game consoles and controllers.
"Could be a little more comfortable...."  "Could use some h a y......."
I love how to some people this video is gaslighting
Now this is the gamer bathwater I wamt
Everyone knows true gamers don't bathe
The beginning cracked me up
0:05  Mental flashbang.
I'm so proud of you for getting 2 jokes out of that can of tomato soup.
3:02 feet detected
The increasing amount of debris in the bathtub as the episode went on made me feel physically ill. 10/10
1:56 best part no cap
Geezus christ. The pacing of this video
3:12 every middle school has one of these kids😂😂
alright, scott bath water. who's investing?
1.5 million subscribers and this is where he lives...
now we know scott takes baths once a year and mainly uses body spray for cleaning
This bathtub isn't to comfortable. Could use some hay
Oh game baths, tho-  wait *what did i just say*  *Game baths?!?!?*
Petter kneter beat scott to the sonic the hedgehog bath bubbles thing
S
1:14 I HAD THAT THING!!!
scott are you okay ???   even your video about tinder is longer than this
OMFG I JUST REMEMBERD CUZ OF THIS VIDEO THAT WHEN I WAS A KID MY MOM USED TO BUY SOAP THAT WAS MADE IN COLLAB WITH POKEMON AND HAD THE GEN 4 POKEMON ON THE BOTLE
Wasn't this forshadowed last episode
That's it. Hay in the bathtub.
Lets appreciate how he’s wearing THREE whole layers in this video, he really wanted us to suffer.
Xbox skin jelly.    That’s it. That’s the comment.
Scott, are you okay?
That sonic bubble game opened a vault of memories! I remember playing with one as a kid, managing to get a few in
Is anyone else disappointed that there wasn’t a segment where Scott bathed in his many limited edition Gamecubes
I wanted to see him shirtless, dang it
Dude, clean that grout! 🤣
When Scott moves the new owners are gonna be like, "why is there hay in the tub"
Bring those products are useless everyone knows gamers don't bathe
Finally. Scott's bathwater...       Kill me please. That just sounds weird
An fyi, Lynx is the British and Australian name for Axe. Xbox was a perfect fit for it
That stressed me out immensely
Scott showers?
Disappointed this video wasn’t 25 minutes long. Could really use more bath soap content, Scott.
Axe x Xbox, and gamers still can be detected with olfactory
Hey all, Scott here... Do I need to take a bath or should I sit here and do nothing for a day?
88k like... nobody cares :)
I’ve always loved eating Xbox Skin Jelly and Peanut Butter sandwiches.
This madman just went to extreme lengths for a video that's only slightly longer than Chia Pet.
Smash fans won’t like this video
Isn't there PlayStation bathroom products?
Imagine watching this video when you’re taking a bath… which is me
I wanna play fucking golf
I love bathing in capitalism
SELL THE WATER
wtf.
And suddenly every smash player unsubscribed
"xbox shampoo" true
Never change, Scott. Never change.
So Scott, for a 3 minute mini-episode... - bathed fully clothed - put hay in the bath - got hit in the head with an Xbox One - ate shampoo and body wash - sprayed his clothes with body spray  What a trooper.
Thank you Scott
I used the Xbox soap stuff it’s actually pretty good
I would like to purchase Scott's Gamer Bath Water with Lynx Xbox Shampoo
Xbox skin jelly
Was this a three and half minute cry for help?
Scott only bathed with clothes on because he's too sexy for mortal eyes.
Bruh he wore jeans in the bath that killed me
Oh shit I remember playing that sonic game
is that... g-gamer boy bath water..? 😳
Have you seen the new tub direct they announced some great exclusives that are giving showers a run for it’s money
Like, where did you get all that stuff from?
I was hoping he’d take at least two of his three shirts off
i am threatened by how filthy the shower is wtf
lol
3:12 nice Chris Chan reference
We all can make our own Gamer Bathwater now.
Was totally thinking "Where are the bath exclusives?" Well played sir
the white boy finally took a bath, now he wont smell like grime 24/7 anymore :)
Is Scott going to sell his gamerboy bath water from this video?
These were the longest 3 and a half minutes ive ever watched
Scott is wrong here, total fake news. Bath fans and gamers are two separate circles with zero crossover
Can I get a large vial of Wozniak bath water. Please and thank you. 🙏
The Venn diagram for showers and Smash players are just two separated circles
I feel it's important to note, for those who don't know, Lynx is the Australian (and a few other countries) branding for Axe.
This video is so chaotic
i forgot how much i love this guys videos
“I never had a place to BATH!  That changed today. This bathtub could be more comfortable… could use some hay.” *Scott the Seuss*
"why yes, i do want my hair to smell like a box that plays gears of war."
I really missed these smaller Scott The Woz episodes and im glad that they are back.
As much as it make no sense to make this video it makes total sense for him to make this video
Holy fuck, Scott the Woz
I always think you're going to run out of video game topics to talk about, and then you review Sonic Bath Bubbles and unlock a childhood memory I had completely forgotten about
I thought this was a high quality shit post someone made. I had no clue it was a genuine Scott The Woz episode!  *gets put on the list of Worst People Ever*  Damn it…
I hope they show this video to our Alien Overlords as a bathing tutorial 😂
Wait... Australia had Xbox shampoos?.. How did I never know?...
i’m watching this in the bath lol
1:35 idk why this made me laugh lol
Scott bathwater hitting store shelves 😳 hay included 🥵
I'm watching this in the bath!
Jesus Christ loves you
This is unhinged.
ok but please clean your bathroom
Scott should do a video on gex and invite Rex
This was super short.
over before you know it, but still has the humor       a good combination, i say!
And now the internet is probably going to want Scott's bath water for some gross reason
Missing Belle Delphine cameo x'D JK geat stuff scott!
Don't forget to wash your 4skin
Tile in your showers is grimy as hell dude.
Does scott have a PO box for fan mail?
1:54 only this actually cool bar of soap space Invaders it's a cool 8-bit pixelizer and it's a good fresh smell!
Someone reach out to Scrubbing Bubbles and see if they'll sponsor the sequel
Xbox grooming line is something I never thought would be something officially sanctioned by them
1:52 Scott Brusaw "So A P" on the know side... (no death boat yet!)
Aye bro… clean that tub
they made beats headphones soup and nobody is talking about it
...when your out of videos because you've covered it all.
Did I just, did I just watch 3 minutes of Scott being the neighbor’s kid??
that is axe rebranded
Oh my... that shower wall needs some love.
Scott Washniak
24 years old legal blind DUMBA** get in the bathtub fully clothes like that you can not just wear swimming trunks and T-shirts DUMBA**
When Is Scott Gonna Talk About Crash Bandicoot??
Super smash bros should come with a bar of soap
I have a request. Can you do a video on actors playing video games poorly?
Yes
Scott bath water
GUYS MY MARIO BATH BOMB GAVE ME CANCER
This is what art looks like
scott you can make 3 minutes feel like 20.   no i mean that in a good way
Omg so many young people just use body spray and call it good. At least the ones I've known.
Sell your bath water.
Damn, the vid still hasn't broken 1 million...
I love seeing his character progression into further dementia and Irony.  Can't wait to see his videos in 2025, when he finally gives up on humanity, darker humor and even more cursing. <3
Scott humor is so peculiar, I love it.
Iiiiihhhhh wie dreckig und schimmelig sein Badezimmer ist.
1) I'm impressed you imported bath gel all the way from Australia for a three minute video, and; 2) I'm concerned you paid what was probably an extreme amount of money for a Lynx product; aka Axe.
Nice and clean youtube content
everyone look at scotts twitter (don't worry its for emergency uses only")
Scott the Soap
I want a video of just every single take of the bath scenes in chronological order stitched together with no editing.
yikes, scoot the wooze's room is gonna smell like a middle school locker room for the next 10 years after how much axe he sprayed
wtf is this video It feels like out of the fake scott thumbnails account
Xbox gamer goo
😯 ohhh dear    lol
No shirtless Scott? Rip off!
I didn't pay attention to the video length, so by the time I got comfortable, the video ended.
Bittersweet, but these short vids of yours are to die for.
Finally shrek can bath with his games bruh {not really)
i love Nintendo switch soap
The jokes per second ratio is brilliant
For this video being short, he made it extra sweet!
i like how the pressure of the dog food made his hair go down
1:39 scott's got an excellent minecraft villager impression there
I actually used the Xbox Shampoo and I never knew that it was exclusive to Australia aka where I live
That smile is godly
sooooo Scott, you selling that bath tub hay water? ...Just wondering...
you should put the focus on manual since you don't move around, then the camera won't hunt for focus randomly an make the bg in and out of focus
This isn't the shortest Scott the Woz video. Stop Smoking is 18 seconds shorter.
Also lynx is axe body spray in Australia
Can someone explain to me the purpose of the blue border?
Ur bathroom is hella nasty
Do it smell like da mf dew doe? (alliteration is hilarious)
Jeans in a bath, scott please don’t do this to yourself
That hay must’ve been a pain to clean up 🤣
e
Imagine someone just walk up to and just says “hey why do you smell like Xbox”
3:13 Ah, a true gamer
I HAD THAT SONIC BATH GAME HOLY SHIT. Completely forgot about it.
beats headphone souuup
Scott is slowly becoming HowToBasic with a more expansive vocabulary.
😂
I would be so pissed with all the dust on me and everywhere if that were to happen to me.
Good job
actually we had the LYNX xbox line in the uk aswelll.. it wasnt AU exclusive
I don't know if you care but Lynx is another name for AXE. IDK why it has a different name in other territories tho.
my mom got me hot wheels shampoo when i was 8 or 9 and it was one of the coolest things i owned at the time.
3:13 This is a certified CWC moment
oh...ok
Holy fuck scott the woz ~Gianni matragrano
COOL
COOL
COOL
Recently Scott's videos have been pretty hit or miss, but this video is just phenomenal. Quite the phenomenal and definitive Scott the Woz video.
So when is Scott gonna start selling his bath water ?
OK but where's the Owl Pad soap dish
I bath in Doritos
I would suggest you research fast hair growth shampoo to double hair growth.
3:12 Melee
Other YouTubers: I can’t make a long enough video about this. Scott: 3 minutes is longer than 2 minutes.
Scatt
Shortest episode ever. Still very awesome.
TV show bath: *insert my little pony bath paints*
the xbox soap smells amazing but it's mint... it burns
I'm sad that this didn't end with Scott selling his gamer bath water, and you just get a tiny cup with water and bits of hay
I know cheapass cat food when I see it
so how much for that scott the woz bath hay
He is a riot lol
All right. I watched enough of your videos after a year, so this isn't some rushed comment we have here, Scott me boy. It doesn't go unnoticed you don't beg me to slap that like or subscribe button, even with your premium jokes. The lack of adds make me proud that you're barely younger than me. Now make a video on 2007-2012 YouTube poops or I'll do something goofy
woah
I had that Xbox deodorant. It changed me
All I can think about now is the fact that his room is going to smell like axe for the next week with how much he sprayed it...    This man deserves many fs in the chat.
Scott is the better Belle Delphine confirmed
I can’t wait to see how Scott reacts to Chris Pratt playing Mario in the Mario Movie next year.
Why didn't Atari sue Xbox over the name "Lynx", which Atari used for the portable game system between the 7800 and the Jaguar, which beats Xbox, let alone Xbox Lynx
Can you go make even more Originals Later Please?
So is the ep length a representation of how long it takes for Scott to bathe? Truly an artful message to the water community
This needs to be played on a loop in every comic/gaming/anime convention in America
lady's and gentlemen, we've entered the SpongeBob season 4 of Scott The Woz  😔
"Not an rpg guy" bath water
Are you perhaps interested in selling that bathwater?
Can we agree on something,cold baths are the best
This man smells like the most iconic DirectX powered console
Me, watching this while in the bath:
I could use some hay
I think more shampoo ended up in his mouth then on his head lmao
tbh i enjoy the shorter videos he does sometimes and the original skits, they shake his normal content up and i wished he did em a little more
Why being jeans and a shirt in the tub? Why not just wear a damn bathing suit or shorts and a wife beater?
when i was a kid. my mom picked up the pac man soap set for me. where pac man was the sponge and the 4 ghost was the soap.
Skin felly
Ok
Let’s say, for the sake of the argument,that in this scenario, that somebody heine is drowning my ice box,then it would reasonable to say that somebody cold one is simultaneously giving me chills, would it not make sense for me to just close my eyes?
Was that dog food?
its time to soap up, gamers!
“I Am feelings pretty underage today” 🤣🤣🤣
Scatt the waz
Good to know that Scott will never run out of ideas for videos but the bath scenes were getting increasingly cursed as they went on
i would love to see a behind the scenes of this episode on scotts stash
Tbh Scott does look like a two year old. . .
bath water for sale?
How much for that hay water?
You can fit this youtube video in a tiktok
Gamers don't bathe we bask in the glory of epic wins and move on!
I own some official Xbox flip flops. I found them and paid 2$ more for the lulz
the lengths scott goes to for quick gags...
oxymoronic
Must suck to not be able to get the Xbox deodorant not joking I had on of them
Moonwalker on Genesis next pls
i used to use the xbox shower gel :(
Gotta get those gamers to clean themselves somehow
This is literally combining oil with water
Scott’s timing is amazing
I’m more of a shower game products guy, honestly
Shout out to Scott for buying hay for a 1 second joke
Reasons why I love Scott the Woz
I can feel the "L" button's video getting closer and closer
I thought this was your announcement of you selling your gamer bath water
Soap companies: we finally found a way to make those nasty neckbeards wash up.  Neckbeards: *buys all the soap to scalp on ebay*
🎮 🥌 🏑 🎲 🎴 🏀 🎮
This video is a fever dream
this game blows.
First Scott gets whacked by a pan, and now he gets fucking decimated by a white rectangular cuboid.
Scott makes the best video representations of aneurysms.
Weird ho there's no Smash Bros themed bath set, maybe someone could get into that market?
The man suffered to put himself in a bath tub full of water, suds and hay, while fully clothed, for content. Give him a like already!
Do one about candies next.
dude you are the funniest guy ever.  i love how goofy and corny your videos are haha.  keep it up
This takes dedication.  And extra pairs of clothing.
I wanna bathe with Luigi
oxymoron
Guess Scott had to fill his quota for the month
Scott not only avoids being nude in the bath, I think he managed to put on more clothes than normal.
666,666 views lmao
i need to use these new shampoos.
Where can I buy Xbox shampoo?
Can’t wait for Scott the woz video on gaming razors
Someone in this comment section ruined Scott the Woz for me, so now I'm gonna take a break from Scott the Woz to forget that comment, oh and if that person sees this comment, thanks.😠
Bathroom gaming
This video felt like feveriest of dreams, I'm still not sure the PRODUCTS even existed let alone Scott himself!
I hope I wasn't the only one that felt uncomfortable when I saw all those bits of hay in the water.
My mum got me Xbox deodorant but I have a PlayStation
Scott you know that american people and super smash bros players are allergic to staying clean!
I always loved these short skit videos by Scott
Me too Scott I need a bath, unfortunately I play yu-gi-oh
Indeed, this the only place of relevance on the internet that talks about game baths.
"Did you know body spray eliminates your need for showers?" Spoken like a true middle schooler.
0:20 Never forget the Gamer Girl Bath Water
The shortest Scott video on the internet ever
Xbox shampoo was such a genius idea because it finally forced Xbox users to shower
Scott, your face looks fine bro. i did theater make up for years, i notice how the light reflects differently on flesh. and i cant unsee the area on the nose you didnt cover just either do your whole face, or dont at all   just dont clog your pores with more makeup<3
I am a new
scott is slowly loosing ideas
Watched this while taking a bath
Thank you for the amount of effort you put into this 3 minute video about soap
Where can I cop the Scott Bath Water???
I'm nominating this for an Oscar
confirmed: scott's body is solid clothing
I had the sonic shampoo thanks for the memories!
I was waiting for the bath episode
The true gamer bath water
3:11 Didn't know Scott was a Smash player
bathers rinse up
this guys a god damed genius
this whole episode felt like a massive shitpost, i love it.
If all gamers are fans of baths then why do Smash Bros tournaments smell like onions?
Thought for a second you were going to start bottling the bathwater... 👀  Wasn't ready for that again
scott can litterally make a video about ANYTHING, and it would be intresting
Yes I really like my xbox bath tub with rtx 3070.
Finally, Scott can sell some of that gamer boy bath water everyone is wanting.
is it me or does he look exactly like a younger Tom Kenny
This feels like one of those fake Scott the Woz shitposts, like the one about the L button
He lost it!
Holy shit scott the woz
This is easily Scott's best shitpost
Get one of those anti-grease Xbox controllers! xD
Damn i wanted a full episode about it
bathing with super mario
1:03 "this does satiate one of my primal urges" "GOD I WANNA PLAY FUCKIN GOLF"
I was expecting him to at least take his shirt off for this video  He has no fear, no shame
Ok but is Xbox skin jelly backwards compatible??
Does anyone else feel like in this episode he was trying a little hard to be funny?
damn it get shirtless next time
scott woz with stubble, wow
ok but y tho
Axe is called Lynx in Britain and there is a deodorant called Lynx Africa that was the smell of the 2000s…
This felt like a NakeyJakey episode.
All we need now is a few anime-themed shampoos and neckbeards smelling bad is no more
Wait… what?
I enjoyed this
Is lynx an australian axe?
Hot tub stream when?
My grandma got me that sonic bath tub game when I asked for a Gameboy.. I swear she does love me.
Those days when you come home just to find your only son in the tub fully clothed, eating soap, covered in hay, while playingwith videogame boxes.  🙈
Missed opportunity at 2:10 : "I am MOISTCRITIKAL in the shower."
Finally. I can play golf on the tub.
This has better than bathtub streams
Bean
A mid-week episode!!!!!!!!!!
Can someone get me some Xbox shampoo
3:12 every high schooler ever
Scotts gone insane someone get him madden 08
Putt the wash
Scott: This is a bath Me: Why is it so dirty? Scott: If only there was a way to make this more comfortable… Me: AHHHH
Beans™ by Dre
Rise up, bathers.
I thought that was you at Tub-con!
bro, clean your shower lol
You don't see peopke who love xbox but have never bathed existing? If game conventions have taught me anything, it's that that market is very real, I hate to tell you
2:16 Dat face lmao. I'm dying here.
Okay it is official. You have peaked and it's all downhill from here. Great video!
why is this so chaotic in such a short amount of time
My guy poured an entire bag of dog food on himself, wore wet clothing, covered himself with straw, used his precious gamer soap, AND took a bath just for a 3 minute video. THAT is dedication.
"Xbox grooming line"
I got all the Xbox lynks stuff good shit
People who love Xbox and don’t bathe. Do you mean all Xbox fans
Scott bathed with hay and ate soap for a 3 and a half minute video.  We don't deserve him. 😥😥😥
This is great. Enough said
Does anyone realize the last video sets up this one
LYNX is called AXE where I live. I'd love to have an AXEBOX shampoo.
Good video. But it hurt me physically.
Bath games ?
Another fever dream episode
WHY THE FUCK DID I GO TO SLEEP AFTER WATCHING THIS AND HAD A DREAM THAT SCOTT THE WOZ WAS DEAD AND NOW HIS FAMILY WAS JUST UPLOADING HIS LAST FEW REMAINING VIDEOS
Can't wait for Microvision Bath Water
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Always was wondering, who actually likes all these gamer soaps and foods? You feel taken for a fool just by looking at it in the store. The most disgusting poser things you can buy.
😂
More short bite size content like this please. That makes waiting for videos a lot better
Dude, you just hit 1.5 million subscribers today! Congratulations!
He delivers time and time again 🐐
Wow I totally forgot I used to have that sonic game, legit never would have remembered owning that thing if I didn't just see it
Wait, Scott the writing in this one is incredible
he actually cleaned his bathtub for this video
I thought this was a parody when I first saw the thumbnail
Great episode
So happy Scott's done making filler videos, this was a great return to form
Sexy shower time with X Box Shampoo.
Seeing Scott in a bath filled with soapy water and fully clothed with hay is something I never knew would be in my top 5 phobias
Wait gamers shower???
Today I took a Sonic bath
I completely forgot about those bath games oh my lord
“I am most critical in the shower” so many layers😂
Scott: "Did you know using the body spray eliminates the need for shower?"  Me: Eww! That's gross.
How bout the infamous Gamer Bath water by Belle Delphine.
I think there was also a league of legends deodorant, kind of a weird mix
0:04 Everyone who saw the trailer for "Cats".
the idea of random spurs of shorter but still delicately crafted videos is quite an interesting one
Gamer boy bath water
Forget Belle Delphine I want Scott's bath water
Can we finally buy scott gamer bath water?
Mr. the Woz,          Great video
my dog is died
Smash players dislike this
That body spray joke...  Could he have been referencing....
Dude make it longer
3:02 those are some mothertruckin' tingers right there.
Please read this carefully ;  Every one of us has sinned against God. We’ve lied, we’ve stolen, we’ve sinned sexually, and we’ve taken His name in vain; which makes us liars, thieves, fornicators and blasphemers ... Yet this is only four of our many transgressions .  The problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good works because God is perfect in Holiness, meaning his standard is beyond our reach. He is also perfect in Justice, meaning, he will bring EVERY sin to light. The punishment for our sin is death, and Hell; a place of Eternal Fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth .  Fortunately God is also perfect in Love; so 2000 years ago, he left his throne in heaven, and came to earth as a man named Jesus Christ. While here, he lived a perfectly righteous life, only to take the punishment that We deserved; Our sinless creator became Our sin, and endured a gruesome death on a cross for our sake .  Right before he died, he said ‘it is finished’ .. meaning, the debt for our sins has been paid in full. And on the third day, he defeated death and rose from the grave. So now, we can go free from the wrath of God’s judgement not by earning it, but rather, as a free gift of grace ..  Except gifts can be either accepted or rejected. So this is what you must do in response ;   Humbly admit to God that you have sinned against him. Then, confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, and your Savior. ( Romans 10:9 ) .   Do this, and you will be saved .  If you do so sincerely, God will grant you a new heart which no longer finds comfort in sin, but instead desires to read and obey his word. He will also grant you Eternal life in his presence; The greatest pleasure on earth doesn’t even come close to what God is preparing for believers in the afterlife .  You’ve been informed ; Now the choice is yours. What you do with this information will determine where you will be for ETERNITY.. Meaning, this is the single most critical decision you will EVER make .  Jesus Christ awaits you this very moment. Do not put off surrendering your life to him, because your tomorrow isn’t guaranteed... and as it is written ( Hebrews 9 : 27 ) ;  ‘It is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, THE JUDGMENT’ .
It's funny cause I'm watching this while I'm taking a bath
You know when Scott is losing his sanity when he talks about  S O A P
Let's just appreciate that this man willingly went into a bath fully clothed
> Scott fully clothed in a bathtub This video could not make feel anymore uncomfortable.. > Scott fully clothed in a bathtub with *hay* [goes feral]
Scott: gamers and people that take baths are the same circle Me walking into a smash bros tourny: so that was a fucking lie
I guess the Mario bath soap that came out in the late 80s or early 90s was a little hard to obtain. I've seen pics of it, but that's about it.
Scott should do an episode in educational games.
“Let’s add some hay” 😂😂😂
I wanna see someone do a video featuring the expensive Game & Watch ports to the Nintendo Mini Classics Keychains like Zelda, and this guy seems like THE ONE dumb enough to drop hundreds on them
Toes.
Haitians at the border could use those bath products to bath with in the river that they cross to get here illegally.
wut?
I believe this is the shortest Scott the Woz episode ever
I these more short unrelated to gaming videos
Nice intro
Loved the episode, but looking at the bathroom wall tiles being dirty gets me. Scrub that off with the game soaps
What
RI STATE POLICE ARE RUNNING A OPERATION DECEPTION PROGRAM SO IF YOU DRINK AND DRIVE IN RI THE STATE PIGS WILL COVER IT UP FOR YOU LIKE THEY DO FOR THEMSELVES !!
Scott the Woz could make a 10 second long video or a 10 hour long video and it would still be entertaining
worst things someone could do kill someone betray someone use someone       change their rare cartridge soap with the real cartridge
3:13 I never was hit as hard with a flashback until hearing those words from Scott's mouth and remembering every middle school guy in my class spraying on a full bottle of Axe in their dirty gym clothes and themselves after the sweatiest gym classes
Scott need to make a Music / Rhythm game video, it would be amazing
WOAH FUCK I think I had that bath game
How did this three and a half minute video have ten minutes worth of jokes in it?
"Telemarketers have discovered there is no venn diagram between bath fans and gamers"  Anime fans: "Are you challenging me?"
50th on trending let’s go!
Scott the wiz gamer boy bath water?
1:05 he’s wearing fucking jeans!
I can't wait to buy Scott the Woz bathwater
I like these more bite sized episodes, Quick and with the focus on the punchlines
I hope Scott does an episode on video game cartoons/anime
Epic this video is number 50 on trending
cursing is so not-scott and so scott at the same time
Gotta clean up all that Gamer Gunk
This is like if that "L Button" AI-generated vid was real
the video is a joke?
Gamer guy bath water when?
Scott without context is often wierd but Scott with context is sometimes even wierder
So the Xbox shampoo has nothing to do the Atari Lynx?
I prefer the 20 min videos
Two days in a row?
Love Scott :)
Scott's medical bills must be out the wazoo
Goodness, that's a lot of cleanup for a 3 minute video
You're telling me I waited years for the Scott the Woz gamer bathing video and it's only 3 minutes long?
I got an Axe ad on this video
I thought I wouldn't like this one as much as the longer videos but man was I wrong! Its just a shorter video full of Scott jokes, love it
3,32 minutes well spent
The jokes come out of nowhere like how did he think of hay in the bath
Making bath products for legal legends fans is useless
This video was sooo short. What the hell ☹️
What?
They often soft launch these things in smaller markets to see how well they will do without having to make tons of them. Hence why Australian exclusive. Poland also gets a lot of stuff like that.
I’m watching this on the toilet right before I was about to take a shower… now I wish I had Mario golf for a fun bath tub fiasco
a new short skit! Just like....wait, do you guys hear somethin'?     CHA CHA CHA CHIA
1:30 this is funny until you’ve smelled wet hay
0:16 I think everyone who ever went to a gaming convention knows that's not true.
Lmao @ his hair undone after the dog food
This is only 3 and 1/2 minutes, but a gold mine for the "Scott the Woz Out of Context" videos.
I thought this was made by an unofficial channel cause the title just sounded so unreal.
Well I mean this is the 2nd this week, soooooo
I will never not appreciate the lengths Scott will go to make a video. My man got in a bathtub fully clothed, dumped hay on himself, AND put soap in his mouth.  All for a THREE MINUTE VIDEO!
Mr Scott, the LYNX Xbox soap is also available over here in the UK
Scott: Hey guys I need your help with a scene! Scots friends: sure what do you need us for? Scott: I need you to pour dog food on me! friends: ... well it's not the weirdest thing we've done on the show,
Wow i feel uncomfortable after watching this
I cannot agree with this vid. XD  just please everyone, take showers often.
Why is nobody talking about “This bathtub could be more comfortable... could use some hay.” *drops hay on legs right as it cuts*
How much did that bit intro cost
i should be doing my geometry homework but this is much better
True gamers have gamer baths
I am confused
I genuinely have no idea what I just watched, but Scott's done it yet again.
Short and sweet
2 Scott the wozz episodes in a week?
What's sad is that the Sonic bubble game thing may have been the first sonic "game" i owned...
I had the Sonic Adventure one as a kid.
I wanna buy Scott soap
That sonic soap game lit tho
What the hell was that?
Not sure if this is a joke episode or not
Game-themed soap and bath products just communicate game companies know their usual clientele stink like ass, and won't touch water unless they do it with a Lara Croft-shaped loofah.
y so soon?
Lynx is king
I think that more videos like this and the chia pet would be epic in 3 mins you managed to cram a shit load of jokes in there
oh boy generic soap that has xbox written on it, i cant wait to realize I could of just bought bargain soap at the store
Finally gamer bath
This Bathroom look like its from UK
I had the sonic game thing when I was like 6
Some of the stuff Scott does gives me anxiety.
Note: Using body spray doesn't eliminate the need for showers. I thought I should put this out there because a sizable portion of people seem to misunderstand.
I mean, i DID read the title... dont know why the hell i expected anything else... game baths it was.
When is Nintendo gonna drop the smash bros soap so the players can’t stop smelling like ass?
Short and sweet love it
bruh
Entertaining video. Too bad that you can't buy any gaming related cleaning agents... The gaps between the tiles surely would enjoy a good scrub, mate.
scott what the fuck
Can I buy Scott bath water?
Legendary
why is the image in the beginning a bit more zoomed in and bleaker?
Admittedly, as a child I would've loved this shit. For Christmas I used to get weird soap items in my stocking.
Meow
As an Australian that has come into contact with Xbox body spray, I can definitively say it genuinely smells like absolute dogshit
1:42  Scott didn’t have his face ready
Did you really buy a whole hay bale just for a 3 minute video cause it was 100% worth it
That first song or at least a variation of it is also in spongebob can’t think of what episode though
never thought I'd see scott get dog food dumped on him.
1:17 Hold on...
These are good merch
the hay makes me so nervous lol
How did Scott make soap interesting for the entirety of 3:30 minutes?
Genuinely a great scott the woz video. Short and sweet ones are just as fun as the full size meal deals!
“I am the most critical in the shower”  Same
the amount of absolute banger jokes scott managed to squeeze into this short video is nothing but impressive
I had a shrek themed bathroom growing up and I know you guys are jealous
Upcoming hot tub streamer
SEND THIS VIDEO TO EVERY SMASH PLAYER YOU KNOW!
wowowow mini scott the woz epesode!?
Idk why companies ever made these. No self respective gamer actually bathes
When I was a child to incentivize me taking baths my parents would hook the NES up in the bath room to lure me in.
Please clean your grout. Great video otherwise.
Game baths is actually really dumb because gamers don't bath
Half a million views from taking a bath
Are you okay?
Gamer Boi Toothpaste when
(:
I like how he hinted at this in his last episode "what else was I going to do in my apartment today? Take a bath?"
this is why hot tub streamers fail every day
I feel like this was a fever dream
On a normal channel, this would be an April fools video... and here we are in September.
We need a video on shadow the hedgehog game
“I am most critical in the shower.”   *Nice.*
0:22 I can't be the only one who thought he was gonna say "MANKIND KNEW THAT THEY COULD NOT CHANGE SOCIETY"
what. is. happening...
Finally I can call myself a SOCIOPATH
I was looking at the thumbnail for a few seconds going “is this a actually video, or a parody”
Is the ending a Chris Chan reference?
Quite a short Scott the Woz video, and with this topic, it makes sense. There isn't much videogame themed bath stuff out there.
You could interchange the XBOX logo with Axe and it would look right.   Axe and XBOX have such similar brand designs, who knew.
Short but sweet. Like if you agree
A Scott the woz upload that isn’t atleast a week after the last one!? Impossible!!
this feels like that AI video about the L button
The frick
Please make more short stuff, I love your sense of humor but I really don't have a hour free for it
wtf have I just watched?
This is one of the best Woz videos, especially from a Wozniak. And Scott, too!
I knew this would be good
The fact hat he filled an entire bathtub with water and soap shows true dedication.
This man never misses somehow !!
Scott don't post this, you have leffen fans in your audience. And thats not mentioning normal melee players!
and dettol here got no collabs with other gaming franchises
I want Xbox body wash , it reminds me of the matrix themed Powerade which was green black cherry
I thought this was a dream I had thank god it’s real
I totally forgot that Xbox line existed
So many obnoxious-to-film bits in a 3 1/2 minute video, you cant say scotts not committed to the craft
if you take xbox shampoo you youl be an xboxer
I don't think I've rewinded a Scott The Woz episode as many times as this one.
The phrase "Xbox Grooming Line" does not sound like what it's supposed to mean.
Scott should do an episode on LEGO games
GodDAMN the concentration of jokes in this episode rivals the comedic greats like Airplane!
I've been looking to getting into bathing for a while, and Lynx Xbox Skin Jelly was just the gateway drug I needed to join the wider bathing community!
SCOTT. THE. WOZ. BATH. WATER.
this is a sorry from scott for not releasing the history of the L button yet
What about that "Star Wars" soap bar thats all over my Instagram
I admire Scott’s willingness to do very uncomfortable things for a laugh! Very funny video!
What the hell
Scott The Woz bath water when?
Scott you okay
This just made me want to take a bath.
Did you really dump dry dog food all over yourself? Bruh
2:56 Smash players in a nutshell
Does it take a long time to clean up the mess you make to create a video like this?
Scott The Woz bath water wen
A shame Scott could only talk about this topic for 3 minutes. Would've listened to an hour's worth of this topic willingly.
You've been playing for a long time. Why not take a break and scrub your ass?
“There is no Venn Diagram between Bath Fans and Gamers, it’s just a circle”  Sit down Scott, I’ve got some bad news for you
I didn't expect any of these to exist, thanks for showing something cursed.
Scott took ALOT OF DAMAGE this episode good lord pet food in the eyes pretty sure he got that soap in his mouth too. Thanks for doing all you can to entertain.
i understand it's profitable for you but it was a baaad view for us. One of your worst videos mate :/ What's wrong?
Xbox had the audacity to encourage a healthy body PlayStation players smell like grease
Guys, I think Scott is running out of video ideas.
Damn, I thought you were about to talk about how it's a bitch to clean video games lmao
“I mainly use it to store my soap.”
Send this to a Smash Bros. player.
I really like these shorter videos that satiate my Scott need
I got an ad for Star Wars soap on this video.
Nothing better than bath time with a fat Italian plumber!
this is God's work
Oh my
Well, this is certainly one way to get gamers to wash their ass.
Gamer bath now with RGB
I'm proud that my country has exclusivity for Xbox Lynx
This video was madness
2 episodes in 2 days?
There's never been something I needed to see bloopers or a making of for more.
my national pride as an aussie just increased tenfold, bathe on brothers
A year ago I actually got Xbox lynx body spray and I regret that
Wow new video yeah!
This was just as good as a regular episode and yet in was surprised when it was only 3 minutes and ended XD
I want to bathe in Scott's Gamer Juices
This is a cry for help
What you don't where socks in the bath
24? I could swear he said he was 28 not to many videos ago...
Scott took a bath? This guy's not a real GAMER!
Scott, clean your bath dude. The grout shouldn't be black.
How is this so short and so good
3:10 every middle schooler
We got this but not the L button
He just roasted every unhygienic gamer ever....
I have to face the reality that this is, in fact, without a doubt…              a video he made. (It hurt me to say that.)
1:18 the bath bubbles soap…. Your welcome?
Where is the gamer boy bath water?
golf tools
I have a full bottle of the xbox bodywash that a friend bought for me for my birthday and I never intend to use it but rather pass it down to my children and have it become a family heirloom
“Did you know body spray removes the need for a shower?”  Didn’t know Scott was a smasher
surprised there's only one joke about gamers not showering
About all the chaos of a "normal" Scott The Woz video condensed into 3 and a half minutes aprox.
im not really into games but i liked you because of your script. that was until you bleeped out the curse words.
about xbox shampoo i can just imagine vert give me a bath
They make cleaning products to get rid off all that grime and mildew on your bathroom tile, too.
Scott confirmed to play Tom Holland on the new Spiderman movie.
This entire video filled me with anxiety
Why does this feel like a callout post to people scott knows that dont bathe
Time for Scott The Woz’s gamer bathwater
Smash players don't have deodorants or shampoos in their vocabulary
It looks like somebody put an XBOX sticker over the Axe logo.
Why somebody would like to smell like a gamer?
Proving you don’t need a verified checkmark next to your name to get 1k likes for saying “nice vid” day 1,457 (I will stop when I confirm it)
Actually, I think that might be straw, not hay. Also, can we appreciate the sheer amount of discomfort Scott must have gone through to film this? Wet clothes, clothes covered in straw, wet clothes covered in straw... It just evokes a general sense of "eugh."
I haven't laughed this hard since the chia sketch oh my goodness
“Why isn’t he taking off his signature hoodie and jeans?” Those are his SKIN
It's downhill from here...
Fuck I have that Xbox body jelly lmao. I've been slowly using it over the last year or so on camping trips
257 Melee players disliked this video
Need some of that xbox soap 👀👀 only then I'll be a gamer
So much happened in such little time!   I am astonished but also concerned.
The Xbox shampoo/body wash and deodorant was in New Zealand too. I used the body wash, it did indeed have that fresh new Xbox smell
This is actually true
Was that a Chris-chan reference at the end?
how much soap was consumed in the making of this video
Damn Scott you gotta clean those tub walls
what the fuck scott
Holy shit, this IS the actual Scott the Woz channel!
the bit when Scott wants to return the bath tub is the new best scott the woz joke 😊
Oh get this thay have Xbox water and Xbox mints🤣🤣🤣
Whats a bath
You can literally talk about CHAIRS and it’ll be just as entertaining. This is great stuff!
scott please sell me your gamer girl bath water /hj
Hoh
I needed a midweek Scott pick me up
Scott made this video as a vailed attempt to get on wikifeet.
I'm waiting for the dream collab.  Scott and Brian Zane review wrestling games!
i am a proud owner of the xbox deodorant
Short, sweet, and smelling like a strawberry.
He really ate soap for a 2 second bit.. he's committed. He's the hero we need
once again I'm embarrassed to be part of the unwashed masses in Australia. I naturally weep green tears like that of lynx hygiene products that I've never seen before, but I know where the contents came from :"(
damn real short but still enjoyable
This feel like a full episode tbh
I was immediately expecting there to be a joke about us not showering and honestly I wasn't disappointed
A video to rival chia pet finally
Of course it was Lynx/Axe
This was needed.
Weird cuz I had bought both the Xbox sprays
short but good A+++
He didn't even talk about those Pokeball Soaps. They're in the shape of a Pokeball, and there was a little figure of a Pokemon in the middle of it. The idea was that the more you use the soap, the sooner you'd get the figure, making kids want to take baths more often. Or you could sin and just cut it in half. Along with the figure in some instances.
clean your grout lol
When's the scott shampoo coming out?
Dude your bath needs a clean not you haha
well that didnt last long
He REALLY commits
True gamers dont shower wtf dude
It really upsets me that he bathed in his jeans and hoodie
I mean if you can make this why not the L button 😂
Ok this was funny
0:44 um…Scott you might wanna rephrase that.. HURRY THE TWITTER USERS ARE COMING!
Love your content but maybe you could do a video about Lego games next
Bathe The Woz
I wanted a longer video :( also who the fuck uses baths?
WHAT WERE THEY THINKING!
Two Scott the woz episodes in 1week ,we have been blessed :)
I would love for people who dislike a video to at least leave a comment telling us why they disliked it considering there are over 60,000 likes.
I’ve used the Xbox lynx deodorant and it actually smells pretty good
Holy fuck scott the woz
Ok look tbf the lynx xbox actually smells pretty good
How the hell does he thinks of these
Shoutouts to smash soap
For a episode about bathing... this looked really messy.
This is the messiest bath I've ever seen.   I'm sold.
I’m uncomfortable.
IS NO ONE MENTIONING THE NEW SWEAR BEEP
the follow up to the previous video is actually so incredible LMAO "what am I going to do with my apartment now, take a bath?"
Scoot the Wooz
Lynx is just axe right? Axe is disgusting.
words can't explain how uncomfortable i got watching you in the bathtub. 11/10.
"I need a bath!"  the words of every gamer ever
what
the bubble came out his mouth when he spoke, this is a good video
God like
This is easily one of my favorites, and I'm happy to have a brief intro to Scott humor to share with people who don't know the way.
I'm starting to think that Scott is going to start doing hot tub
I want a box set of Scott the woz
To hell with bell delphine, i want scott the woz bath water
He actually made a video about bath products we have hit a new high
I can’t tell if Scott is evolving or if he’s devolving
Cool but whens the M-mod review?
wat
Clothes on in the bath makes me so uncomfortable
this was a fever dream
2 videos in a row WOWOWOWOWOOWOWOW
Scott jumped the shark
Haha Scott threw in a chris chan refrence
I'm always astounded at the number of messes Scott makes all for a 6 second bit in a youtube video
The more you know! I always bathe naked but now i was shown how it is done properly
Scott really will do anything to not talk about the L Button!
I'd buy Scott the Woz bath water
Anything that gets gamers to shower is a win in my book.
Short the Woz
2 videos in one week is insane
I hope Scott never quits YouTube
Finally, maybe if we find super smash bros shower soaps we can get melee players to bathe
Japan has a huge variety of game and anime themed bath bombs
my guy literally ate shower gel twice for a 3-minutes video, mad respect
They sold that lynx xbox body wash in New Zealand as well. Just about pissed myself laughing in public the first time I saw it stacked up at my local supermarket.
I remember getting Xbox deodorant. It didn’t smell like Microsoft
My left nut thinks gamers use these as    l u b e.
what the fuck scott
Scott’s degrading
Bath time with Scott the woz
Did you know body spray gets rid of the need for showers said every highschooler ever
The only gamer to even own a bath let alone get in one
It's been years and this nerd is still as funny 👍🏼 thx for being yourself man
He OCD in me wants to grab an old toothbrush and clean that limescale you’ve got in between your bathroom tiles
I love everything about this video.  It's damn majestic.
as a bathtub fan I can guarantee that hay is perfect for your hygiene
Having a shit day, cheers for the pick me up mate haha. Love your work
So he has ran out of ideas
I’d love a behind the scenes video of all the things Scott makes/ruins for each video.
An entire episode boiled down to 3 minutes
Hay in a bath? You really are from Toledo
this episode made me laugh the loudest
This is a certified gamer moment
I'm pretty sure I used xbox body wash for like 1 month 2 years ago
Just gotta skip carts over lake and pond waters like rocks
Scott’s just testing the waters for Twitch hot tub streams.
This video is so bizarre that the thumbnail doesn't even make it look like an actual Scott The Woz video
WE. NEED. LONGER. VIDEOS.
Finally time to watch this! Had to wait due to unforeseen consequences.   I didn’t know Scott took baths.
his parents better be really proud of him growing up to be our king of related randomness
It may not be the shortest, but it's the best short one ever.
oh god scott is that bathtub filled with water while you still have those jeans on? how could you ruin perfectly good jeans like that man
Wait these exist...
Finally, gamer girl bathwater.
Finally. We can all buy Scott's Soapsuds.
The irony of gamer bath products
Wtf Scott I have worked in Aus retail/ pharmacy since 2012 and I knew we must be weird for having a whole Xbox lynx range FOR YEARS STILL
Short but Sweet. Awesome video Scott!
Scott the woz shorts
I felt physical torment when Scott dumped hay in a bath
After this video, it came to me, that we need Scott the Woz Bathwater (including pieces of hay) to ascend humanity to the next level.
Dude what is this topic scott is amazing
Hi, Scott! 😄
me who owns the lynx xbox *shakin perfusely*
"golf tools"
I love these bite-sized 5 minute long tops videos. Its basically 100% jokes.
Super funny 😂
So. Is this just an ad?
man, this one had zingers :D
Fun fact: This is the first Scott The Woz video lasting under 10 minutes since "Speed Dating"
Tbh, I like the shorter vids
I have that sonic thing and I keep forgetting it exists XD
this is actually great
Skin jelly
The dude looks like all three versions of spiderman fused
what does A xbox Lynx smell like
10/10 would bath gaming style again ...
0:45 Also, they call it "Xbox Lynx". According to the history of Handhelds, they already gave up at the planning phase. 3:15 Nobles actually believed that though. You stink? I guess you didn't pay enough for your powders and perfumes... The Palace of Versailles famously hired people "with strong stench resistance"...
3:12 "Did you know that using bodyspray eliminates your need for showers?" That's what a certain Chris Chan thought. I'm not taking that risk.
I know it's only 3 and a half minutes long but this is genuinely one of the funniest Scott the Woz videos ever
this one is so good
If Scott doesn’t release his own brand of gamer bath water we WILL riot
Yes, i want to watch a 24-year old man with glasses talk about game themed soap.
Imagine if Xbox shampoo required internet
I feel like Scott's just sat there going “These fucks will watch anything"
this is one of those hood classic scott videos
Bath boys splooshy splooshy, but with Nerd 😎👏👏👍💥👌😌
I beg of you to upgrade your sound quality, especially for the capture
Lynx is the same brand as Axe and somehow none of this surprised me.
The pinnacle of human civilization
This may be a short video, but the jokes per second is high.
Did I really just watch a 3 minute and 30 second video if a guy learning how to take a bath
I laugh.
Scott has ran out of ideas
scott's bathwater when?
Scott you should try the gamer bleach next on your shower tiles.
I can’t believe this video was released on the day that a earthquake happened in a big city.
Jesus christ clean your bathroom tiles... The kid gets so much youtube money but yet he can't be bothered to do a bit of cleaning, mind you his mum probably does it for him, sad
3:13 yes, Scott I know. I had PE classes in high school.
The gaming industry doing everything in their power to encourage gamers to please for the love of god bathe
Question:How does Xbox smell?
Lynx is just our aussieland name for axe. It's just axe body wash.
That hoodie looks horrible
2:56 That can be taken out of context so easily lmao
2:55 That can be taken out of context so easily lmao
We had the Xbox lynx shampoo in the UK aswell
this video is shorter than the list of gamers who actually bathe
Short one, but a welcome one. Good job again, Scott!
3:03 PATAS
Silly gamer companies we gamers don’t shower.
Scott made a video about video game themed bath items.  I’m not complaining it’s just weird that it happened
Two scott in a week??? Is this heaven
Man, the things we never knew we never needed 😂
Wait I didn’t expect it to end so abruptly. It scared me
Finally, the beach episode!
I actually tried the xbox lynx stuff and it wasn't too bad 😅
Popular person: how old are you Random person: over 18  Random person on the internet two years later: 2:56
Mad ting
As someone also called Scott sometimes I just read the comment section and pretend all the nice things being said are to me 🥲
Hello, I'm Australian and I wanted to smell like Xbox so I used Lynx Xbox skin gelly.
Body spray call baaaaack
That was an unsatisfyingly short video
I thought this was going to be about cleaning NES cartridges.  I was wrong.
Two Scott The Woz videos in under a week? What is this, Christmas?
Didn’t know the Xbox cleaning stuff was exclusive to here
Never clicked so fast
Jokes on you, the second I was out the womb, I was playing the Mario Golf bath set
This feels like the messiest video you made. Funny enough Its about baths
This is so dense with gags it's like OG simpsons lmao
funny as hell
Where's the melee joke
The video I didn’t think I needed but I do now
The video was so unusually short that i thought this was made by your voice simulator and it should
Holy shit that bathtub and the tiles are filthy.    You should've stored even more soap.
Xbox users taking a bath would be....... An achievement.
I hate baths and I'm a gamer. Checkmate, Scott. I demand you update your Venn Diagram.
thanks for the birthday present scott :)
Ok Scott just made a wtf video
Finally, I'm sold on baths now
what scott
this was the best waste of time
I own the Lynx Xbox because I'm over hearing Toto Africa when ever I spray the Lynx Africa.
I appreciate Scott putting his body on the line for our entertainment by spraying himself with Axe.
Does Scott confirm he showers? I can’t handle another one 😣
This slowly turns into the filthy frank show.
The most compact Scott vid
The things this man subjects himself to just to entertain us…! Scott, you’re the man!
Love how this was foreshadows with the last episode in the last seconds.
The shower realm in yugioh
Anyone else excited for next year's TubCon?
This chaos is what I live for
Wow
Should call you ace of bathe
Man you are just too funny!!! 😆
Some people need this
You guys were mad there was no episode for two weeks? Here's two in one! There's the long one and here's the sh... and it's done!
The Xbox gel isn't exclusive to Australia, I've seen it here in New Zealand too.
I had that sonic thing as a kid... wow
This 3 minutes video must have been more painful to film than "Bordeline Forever". (Seriously, the clothes, the soap, the sauce and the bloody hay ?! I'm impressed.)
Certified Greg moment.
Ah the Xbox Lynx shower gel... a present every teenage boy got at some point in their life from an Aunt who doesn't care
as an australian, i dont mind the xbox lynx stuff, its always there, usually on hella clearance and DOES stop me smelling like shit, i dont like the console tho. pc gamer
wat
I- ...what
Scott the Woz.
Now I can bathe in Scott
Dam 3 hours ago Short and sweet, but filled with witty jokes and so much personality. Keep it up Scott!
What…the fuck Scott xD
What’s more aggravating is being fully clothed in the bath like ong wear a swimsuit they make rash guards p l e a s e
The among us yellow bath bomb gamer bath
Damn I am super late to this video yet it's satisfying. A hero to our troubled times
This video came out of nowhere and I love it
I have a question, WHY?
I see that 👀 more and more. Body spray is for dusbags
Yo, normalize your audio.
I saw this notification and thought it was someone making a parody.
The pace at which bits come and go in this video is impressive.
I did not now what I expected when I clicked on this video, but it for sure wasn’t this.
Ewww wet jeans
🧴
You can tell he plays smash
Bro that video was faster than my mid-life crisis
You need the old mario shower head 😎
I didn't know lynx xbox was exclusive to Australia because im Australian
Can we all just take a moment to appreciate the effort that must've gone into this one?
I can't even begin to imagine how long it took to clean that mess up
Silly Scott… Gamers don’t take baths.
Was so confused why he was talking so fast which such short cuts... I then realized the video was 75% done after a minute 50
I clicked this with hesitation, but I'm not disappointed.
I love how short this is
Gamer Boy Bath Water - Scott the Woz
1:55 man knows what he wants
Gamer girl bath water vs Xbox shampoo hmmm
3:13 I never knew scott is a professional smash player
Literally
I love this
Scott the Bath
2 videos in a week? I'm in!
Scott being in the bathtub with his clothes on makes me uncomfortable 😅
Scott don’t be silly…. True gamers never bathe or shower, they’re too busy gaming or eating Doritos and drinking mountain dew
I personally think scott just looked around his bathroom for videogame items
I can’t believe this is only three and a half minutes long
Do you think Scott’s gonna sell that bath water?
The sheer randomness of the hay bail always gets me
You got me with the line about returning the bath
Oh my gosh. I remember the sonic bath bubbles. Memory unlocked.
This is the Scott the Woz video of all time
🤍
Oh crap I remembered the skylanders Gill grunt 2 in 1 shampoo
10/10 would bathe again.
The most powerful shampoo ever made
Welcome to Twitch people where bath gamer girls are a thing but this everyone else gain a good game cleaning fun with a hint oh Halo 3 super Mario Pipe cleaner 😉 and my personal favourite sonic baller scrubs.
Damn, 3 minutes
You know seeing someone do absurd things in their bathtubs fully clothed for a bit in a video just reminds me a lot of old FilthyFrank videos.
I didn't know I wanted this,but I'm happy this exists
9/10 weirdness in gaming.
Short and sweet
Scott the Woz is a hero
3:15 Chris-Chan moment
Can't tell if Scott's low on ideas or if we're all low on imagination
This video was a lot and then you had the audacity to not wear socks in the bath tub 😒 liked and subscribed
I saw the words "Game Bath" and felt immediate fear.  Then I saw it was Scott and it was still fear but in a fun way!
I feel like i remember the xbox grooming set - australian
how did you get a tub those are sold out everywhere
he confirmed it guys, we only need body spray
Perfection
all killer, no filler you are wtf levels of funny, keep these vids a comin
Imagine if atari isnt bankrupt yet and made soaps.
This made me wonder even more about the L button
2 scott the woz vids in 2 days, I'M IN HEAVEN
3:02 well, we all know what site this frame's going on
I’m pretty sure the companies that licensed these are just annoyed that one of the biggest stereotypes of their fans is a complete lack of personal hygiene, or what a “hygiene” even is. The companies made soap, most of their fans ignored it, and nothing of note occurred as a result of this.
This video is so densely packed with jokes it’s unbelievable that it’s only 3 minutes
This entire video makes me feel uncomfortable and I love it
And showers eliminate the need for body spray🙂
lynx xbox is my favourite lynx scent and i had no clue it was an Australian exclusive
Can't wait for the bloopers video for this one haha
This felt like a fever dream
Do game feminine hygiene products next please lmao
Wow 2 videos in a week!
I was hoping to have a video about this!!!
“Did you know using body spray eliminates your need for showers?”  Scott is a true gamer.
Funny laugh relate moment
This video was kind of a stinker.
Is that dawn dish soap in your bathroom
I bet the Xbox Lynx is probably just Africa, again. They do multiple copies of Africa but with different names on the box. It think one is targetted at women but it's just Africa.
I only date girls who have 3in1 bodywash in the shower. It's how I know they're an ally.
cope.
This video is a masterpiece
I envy any man who knowingly publishes a sub 5 minute video to youtube. There is no material left alive that can support your massive testicles.
2:26 that's an interesting quote from the shortest StW video I've ever seen
I don't think his rating of the Mario Golf & Bathe set was fair.
fun fact: Lynx is the Australian (and other countries) branding for Axe
i actually bought the xbox soap and xbox deodorant, mostly as a joke (it was at my local supermarket) the deodorant burns my skin wherever I apply it (something no other deodorant has ever done to me) and the soap causes an intense stinging sensation when it touches my balls (again something I've never experienced)
0:16 unless you play league of legends
I love these incredibly short videos because it's just an absolute barrage of Scott jokes
Scott always says “Hey Yall” But no one ever says “hey Scott”
I remember using angry birds shampoo
This video is the length that gamers spend bathing each month.
I thought this was a video made by one of those Scott the Woz parody accounts
I’ve owned Xbox shampoo for a while but I never knew you were supposed to take a bath with it
Short but good
1:28 Best moment.
Wasn’t expecting this but I won’t complain
So when does Scott's Bath Water go up for auction?
This is what Twitch bath tub streams need!  Virgins win again.
I used the xbox shampoo it started to burn my balls never used it again deadset 🤣
I thought the ending screen was a joke and was legitimately shocked by how short it was.
this was an artform
All products shown have severe who’s idea was this syndrome
Finally. Scott reviews the soap he bought in 2017.
Nothing beats the Yugioh soap on a rope
This is like a responce to the fanmade "The L Button" video.
I'm more suprised this hadn't happened Scott (Puts everything he talked about in the bath... the bath explodes)
2 scott videos in one week!? Wow thanks
Every second was pure gold, I love your shorts Scott
Idk why but I love it
Lynx is AXE in the US. I learned that from our Irish visitors, they left it behind and saw they were both in the same shaped bottles and Unilever products, also, same fonts. I have a problem. I used to play name that product brand while watching police procedurals. I had an odd idea of fun as a kid.
Why is this so funny?
It’s not a joke
This got to be a joke
If Scott's regular videos were big and silver, this video is small but gold
This was painful to watch.
Hey all, personal hygiene here!!
Hey all! Scott here... promoting my new line of Gamer Boy Bath Water (with REAL bits of hay!)
I vaguely remember Sonic Bath bubbles bubble game. Never had it growing up, instead we got L'Oreal Kids' Shampoo in the stylized fish bottles. Can't do anything with that. Also, can confirm, that the "No More Tears" claims were BS, when that stuff gets into your mucus membranes via the meatus, OH BOY, are there tears.
I don't know if I've ever been trolled harder. Its an episode about bathing and he stays in costume...
Mentions Sega Sonic shampoo game  *Ignores Gameboy DK shampoo game*
What a completely necessary video.
This was the most disgusting episode I've ever seen. Why do you do these things for us, Scott?
Man, look at those SNES cartridge soaps!
Didn’t think I needed this video until I saw it pop up in my feed. It’s beautiful
I am "moist cr1tikal" in the shower
You must be running out of ideas here Scott
We need more Scott mini topics.
When you can tell Scott's running out of ideas.
Behold my cars 2 shampoo
short gold worth a million dollars lol, good work scott!!
This was short but it worked
As an Aussie I didn’t know the rest of the world didn’t have to suffer from boys over spraying that disgusting Xbox spray deodorant
You need xbox tub for xbox gel to get full effect.
Can’t wait for the bloopers video for this
For a second I thought this was going to be about Scott trying to sell us his bathwater.
finally, someone brave enough to tackle this vast topic.
I loved the episode but please be more careful in the future so you don’t become sick.
1:21 Me: Why is the water dirty? Scott inmediately shoves an entire block of hay in the water Me: oh...
This felt like a full 10 minute video.
Only 3 mins😭
Such a random subject and I love it
Shortest video ever lol  But good as always
What Scott did in this vid triggered my fight-or-flight response. Also, how could Scott forget to mention Belle Delphine's Gamer Girl Bath Water? Also also, this did not include an announcement for Scott The Woz Gamer Guy Bath Water.
The L button video might become a reality at this rate.
Personally I prefer belle delphine bath water
the hay was a great bath time choice Scott thanks for the idea
great video...but kind of short. Would have liked to hear you rant another 8 minutes about soap.
What did we just witnessed? XD
this is my new favorite video
Scott's feet 😳😳😳😳
1:18 I think this is a huge stretch but is this a reference to when Scott got hacked on Twitter?
I assure to you as someone who has been to a real life gaming event the venn diagram of bath enjoyers and gamers is far from a circle.
I would give so much for an Old Spice x Video Game crossover product with the obvious required commercials coming from it.  Please make it happen Terry.
You did this before the l button
is this a jab at smash players
"I am most critical in the shower." Don't you mean MOIST Cr1TiKaL?!
bite sized scott is great. always dreamed of fitting a virgin entirely in my mouth!
He forgot the most important gamer bath accessory: GamerGirl Bathwater
I can only imagine how uncomfortable Scott felt filming in a bathtub while fully clothed.
«This tub could be more comfortable. Could use some hay!» now THATS comedy!
Fun fact for the Americans: Lynx is what Axe is branded as over here in Australia, I’m not sure why tho
:l mmmm soap
goes without saying woz bathwater should be up for auction by now
This is the most I laughed in 3 minutes
Scott uploading twice in a week this is a miracle
Fun vid
"did you know body spray eliminates the need for showers?" As a typical yugioh player, yes, yes I did
Scott The Woz bath water on sale when?
Wait what why
I'm not normally one to complain about this sort of thing, but why are there so many verified checkmarks in this comment section? Is this really the most effective way to self promote?
What a foolish ploy, a feeble attempt to get gamers to practice hygiene
Also, That was real strange man...
I used to love the Gameboy water based games. They were great for when you were sitting on the toilet. Does this mean there needs to be a whole new Venn diagram?
............    .......... ...... I mean... you all realize he is Spider Man right?!!?!?!? .................. ... .
Its my birthday when this came out
Somebody should tell the smash bros community about this discovery
Oh my god, that sonic game unlocked a memories I had hidden away. I kept the bottle just to play with it far after the solution was empty!
Scott being chaotic for 3 minutes and 32 seconds
I had a donkey kong shampoo bottle with a water ring game in it when I was a kid, closest thing I could have to an actual gameboy 😂
just consistently really funny, and informative!  thanks for telling me my country had xbox bath stuff
Now that’s some gamer bath water I’d pay for! When’s OnlyWoz dropping?
You don't need a bath, you need a break.
i gotta bathe
i feel so bad for those jeans.
This man really will do anything in front of a camera huh.
What do they *smell* like, though? 😳
I disliked because i hate bathtubs
Middle school kids : 3:13
This better not awaken anything in me
This is the scott the woz that i need in my life
What if i don't give a shit about luigi in a tub scott the woz 2021
drained it before he could sell it--a modern tragedy
Gamer bath products feels less like the companies capitalizing on a market, and more then saying “PLEASE, for the love of God, bathe”
The xbox shower gel smelt so fucking good! I think I bought at least 5 before they went out of stock
Masterpiece.
Mans had to fully clean himself and his clothes at least 3 times for a 3.5 minute video. This is why I love Scott.
i own princess sally shampoo from like 1996 or something and idk wtf to do with it. i peeked in the bottle and it looks like hot pink goo... i didnt actually want it, it just came in a lot with something else i ordered on ebay. lmfao gamer girl bath water
I have the Xbox shampoo on my desk
I really wanted 40 more minutes on this topic.
New Scott the work on my birthday!~
Awesome video, felt like filthy frank or maxmoefoe vid 😊
Oh no. Now he’s gonna be on wiki feet
scott will talk about absolutely anything related to gaming except for actual games
I like these short videos about topics that wouldn't really fit a full length video
I would buy Scott’s bath water
This video is literally just a shit post. I love it.
Wait that last line…. Please tell me that wasn’t a Chris Chan reference
The lengths this man is willing to go for content
bro I got a big tin of that lynx stuff for christmas one time
SONIC BATH BUBBLES!!! As soon as I saw this I was hoping that would make an appearance! Thank you for the nolstagia, my lord! Love ya Scott ❤️
Wait is it April 1st? I'm so confused
Why? All he had to do was press the action button to initiate the shower scene.
As a 29 year old man sitting in a bath, about to build his dream computer and start streaming… this is just what I needed!!
This is just a highly edited shit post
Oh man RTGame should've made his bathtub stream after this video
It’s been only 2 days dude
This is so chaotic I love it
“A surprise to be sure but a welcome one.”
This one is short but its amazing.
Delivering quality content as usual.  Thank you.
Gamer bath soap and hay? I would be so irritated and uncomfortable covered in all that.
I have 3 of the xbox grooming set.
Sorry I'm a Smash player I never seen soap in my life
Scott always giving us the content we didn’t know we needed. Now I feel the urge of eating Xbox soap.
Even in his shortest videos he still never fails to be funny
There is a lot of quotable things in this video.
I didn't know what to expect when I clicked this but I can confidently say my expectations were satisfied.
Scott, hate to say it, but your bath needs a bath.
What the fuck?
This episode isn't "Game Baths", it's "Lengths Scott Will Go To For Jokes". Dumping a whole bag of cat food on yourself for a joke? I respect it.
Was that ending joke a Chris Chan reference?
Was hopping for the gamer girl Bath water.  Maybe next bath time
Scott, ew
I'm feeling pretty under age today might be my new favorite out of context YouTube quote
0:46 It's true.
holy shit his crave for golf was insane
1:54 i don think thats soap
Been waiting for this 🙏🙏
Huh
The amount of talent Scott does to categorize gaming things is phenomenal.
Gamer shower products, that's crazy Gamers don't shower
I used to have a sonic bubbles bath game 😹😹
Can't wait for the bloopers for this episode
I had no idea Xbox shampoo existed until now 😂. Wtf and why do I want to try it
Game baths , thats why its short. Gamer girl bath water on the other hand... might've spawned a documentary
This is peak Internet
Peak Scott Experience
Holy shit    It's luigi
Oh man , I thought we were going to see  Scott shirtless
the return of the master
Proud of you Scott
Scott the Woz on a Tuesday isn't real, it can't hurt you.  Scott the Woz on a Tuesday:
For the love of god clean your tub 🤢
Waited a week for a 3 minute video. See you next week.
Short and straight to the point, just how I like it
I think you mean there's NO overlap between gamers and people who bathe...
best episode yet. what's your return policy I already watched it
a shorty but a goodie
Jokes on you Scott, I'll buy the shampoos and keep them as collectibles. Never have to shower if you can't bring yourself to ruin the mint condition.
maybe you can wash away the blue border.
For the love of god scott clean your bathroom
Scott is losing it
"Did you know Axe Body Spray eliminates the need for showers?"  Scott is a TRUE and HONEST soul
I bought the xbox lynx in 2019 and it actually smelled pretty good
wtf
Scott, you spoil us
ok, this was pretty fuckin good
gamer girl bath water
Scott the woz reference Chris Chan 😳
What the FUCK is this episode
Dear god those wet jeans made me cringe
Lmfao just the tittle wtf
I could watch Scott Talk about Paint and I think I'll still be entertained
what
I just checked. It's not even Sunday. Can he do that?
Oh God, i remember using the xbox shampoo as a tween
Ah, a true genetic staple of the video games player, axe body spray
Toilet gaming!..     Oh wait... We already have a lot of switch content here
You know Scotts room is gonna stank like axe body spray for at least 13 years
Even when Scott isn't even trying he makes good videos. Incredible.
He  funny.
There's Mario bath bombs out there. I've encountered them while cutting through the jungle known as my local Walmart.
This is just a shitpost...
Let me eat that green stuff
3:00 oh god the gel
Do gamer cream next
xbox flavored lube when
0:46 he forgor💀
Two days since the last video? A new record!
I feel like I just had a fever dream
Yo I had that sonic one. I got that shit when sonic adventure came out and pretended I was taking a shower in the mystic ruins. 😎. Shit smelled so good tho.
Bathing products geared toward gamers is probably the wort product idea ever
Wait we got the exclusive Lynx Xbox pack. Of all countries us?
I actually like the shorter vids they're easier to digest, just like digesting xbox body wash
Man this seems like the perfect products for Smash players  Eyooooo
Who else watching this in the shower rn
Scott accidentally re discovered gamer bath water
75% jokes 25% gaming. I like it
This whole video feels like a fever dream
Can't wait to buy Scott the woz bath water😋😋😋😋
It’s my birthday and I was blessed with 2 Scott vids in 1 week!!!🥲🥲
Where can we buy your bath water?
this was unsurprisingly  really good
I can't believe I went to an earth wind and fire concert instead of watching this
What
i feel dirty after watching this... i need a bath
Ahhh yess lynx xbox yea nah
This is one heck of an action packed movie
that’s so weird i don’t remember april fools being on september 21st
It’s just weird that they made bathing products of video game franchises. Imagine washing your hair with an Xbox shampoo or washing your hands with space invaders soap. Imagine someone made commercials for these products.
This almost makes me wanna get a job at a Target just to see who the hell buys Xbox shampoo.
didn’t know i wanted a bath themed scott the wozz video  was not disappointed :P
You know this started as a 25 min video and it killed Woz every moment of editing it down.
Thank you, Scott. Thank you.
This was like a free cup of water, small but actually really nice
Wait why does this exist
Scott made a video with 98% more bathtub I think it’s time to max nut - restore 80 hp to both bros
BEST VIDEO EVER
"Diagram between bath fans and gamers is just a circle" Smash pro players: 👀
Bold of you to assume the most oppressed group of all, the Gamers, bathe.
"Did you know that body spray eliminates your need for showers?"  Scott, there's a reason I'm in a spacesuit. I have to save my sense of smell because people around me seem to believe this.
He made the circle of bath fans and gamers. So belle delphines gamer girl bath water?
In reality, the Venn diagram for bathers and gamers overlap by 2, maybe 3 pixels at most
Why dog food though ahhaah
Really scrapping the bottom of the bathtub for content with this one
wow, just wow
Apparently most if not all trading card game conventions smell like ass, so there is a market they need to reach.
XBOX shampoo? Wow!!!
Scott is now banned from being a professional smash player
what
i thought he was going to talk about baths in videogames or sometimes, not take a bath with gamer things. either way, not disappointed
Came for Ohioan Scott bath water, stayed for skin irritated feet
I feel like this video was a dream I’m about to wake up from
At this point I’ll watch Scott talk about paint drying.
I’m watching while showering. Thanks Scott
They have a bathtub ??
I keep seeing these Xbox body washes at Chemist Warehouse. Haven't tried one, so I don't know how good they are at cleaning. Also, I haven't had a bath in years. I only take showers these days because they're easier, quicker and saves water.
Gamer boy bath bubbles  Edit: with hay
last year I had lynx Xbox
that was the most quality packed 3 minutes of scott ive ever seen
Everybody was just learned a thing here today.
Hes running out of topics Fucking game bath
Where do you come up with these video topics. This made my day
This is such a random Scott here video
“Xbox Lynx” Wait, did Microsoft finally buy Atari, too?
Scott finally figured out how to edit. NO MORE HOUR LONG VIDEOS!
I used to have that sonic bath bubbles game, it was actually pretty fun! You would shoot out little bubbles to try and bounce the rings on the the pegs.
The American invention of Axxe in the late 20th century rendered the antiquated and vestigial concept of bathing obsolete. France says: "Am I a joke to you?" Meanwhile, Japan says "Gaijin kusai" lol
JESUS CHRIST SCOTT CLEAN YOUR SHOWER TILE GROUT
Big Idubbs vibes with this video
Like I thought I loved you but now I know I love you
Really locking down the Chaotic Neutral square for video game Youtubers with this one
Now we need a Scott hot tub stream trying all the products
Short , sweet and scented , 10/10
It’s official  Scott will never run out of things to talk about
Wow, bathtub fanboy, showers are so much better! :V
Wait I did not look at the length I was not expecting it
Bold to assume gamers shower. Ever been to a Smash tournament?
Has Scott the woz gone too epic?
3:12 Chris Chan be like
Finally, someone that critiques something ACTUALLY important
I’m getting ready to get in the shower and the vids ends wtf 😂😂
This episode felt like a fever dream sequence
That was the first Sonic game I ever played.
3:11 I can smell this moment
This doesn't even feel like a very short scott the woz episode this feels more like a scott the woz shitpost
Scott is never running out of ideas.
he's gone too far
I can't believe Scott the Woz has invented baths
I love how Scott is willing to do stupid things like put shampoo in his mouth with no care for the consequences.
3:01 FEET LOCATED
Odd a short scott vid
I think the shower needs a bath more than you
Mario Bath Wash: Smell like a Plumber...ummm?
Holy shit, I forgot about that Sonic game. I had the same one as a kid and sometimes would sit there playing it until the bathwater was cold.   I was too easy to entertain...
Is it just me or does this video have the same aura of an April Fools video?
Ok
It's like a party every time you upload. It's amazing every time. Even with shitposts!
ewww. was that dog food?
This is the cleanest video I've ever seen. Also the axe bit at the end had me rolling 🤣
Scott is insane
I’m not sure what I just watched, but I definitely enjoyed it.
Xbox Shampoo: Great for people who always say “I want to bath in Xbox.”
hey scott, what the fuck
1:40 1:51 We need to appreciate the mess Scott goes through just for quick jokes.
Game Baths
I was in the common area of my dorm with some friends when Scott uploaded, I can't tell you how excited these college students got when they got the notification. So wholesome, thanks Scott for making these kids days
As a Smash player, I personally don't know how to bath, since it requires a quarter circle input.
I used to have that stupid Sonic Ring Squirt Water Bath Physics Jet Blast (I'm sure that's the official name) game, so now I guess Scott and I have something in common and now he contractually has to marry me. Sadly for him.
LMAO
bruh perfect
This was intense, love it
ngl i thought this was a fake video and i am glad it isn't, this is hilarious
Ok this was good
wow this ones a rapid-fire instant classic
“There’s no Venn diagram of gamers and bath enjoyers, since it’s really just a circle.”  [Competitive Smash player has entered the chat]
why are there controls on the ring water game things, I thought you just shook the container to play
Anyone notice the publish date is September 22nd? Scott is from the future!!
goddammit, Scott. WHERE IS THE DAMN L BUTTON VIDEO!?
Do you even know how to make a bad video? 😂
Back at it again with a quality banger
CLEAN YOUR TUB.
So much effort for such a short video. Shooting in the tub must have been the worst.
Smasg bros fans need the Super Mario bath items
Why did he buy hay lmao
Scott is a smash tourney player confirmed
So many great gags for such a short video Quality over quantity for life
Scott the Woz bathtub Twitch stream wen....WEN!?!?!?!!?
Hell yeah new Scott the Wozz :D
What
Someone tell the competitive smash players to get these soaps
Amazing little bonus episode xD
I legit thought this was a meme but it's real
Short but sweet but awesome scott video
new scott foot pics <3 thnks
scott put soap in his mouth twice for 3 minutes of content
He just doesn’t miss
This video was short and sweet just lik... I didn't say that
I've never been more uncomfortable watching a video than seeing a fully clothed man, in a soapy bath, coated in hay.
dont luigi in the tub
Honestly it's impressive how many jokes Scott can cram into a three and a half minute long video about soap.
I really don’t like the phrase “Xbox grooming line”
this felt like a 20+ min video packed into 3 minutes. I need hay.
Gamers don't need baths, they just... actually, yeah they do. Go Get Clean!
I do not enjoy knowing Scott has feet
Hey Scott. Talk about old ipod nano games
I’m washing me and my clothes!
Bath fan and gamer reporting. 👋  Also these more rapid fire sketch style vids are personally some of my favorites that you do. It’s a shame they don’t get as much traction. The old tinder vid was the first I watched and it’s still one of my favorites.
Interesting
Xbox is a box full of.
That was so fast and random and I loved it
….anyone else willing to pay for an uncensored demonstration!?!?!?
Feet
This video says a lot about our society
2 videos in 3 days less go
Xbox wash is so good ngl
This episode was so high density joke wise. Absolutely loved it.
If I said this was my favorite Scott the woz video am I wrong for that
Such a short chaotic video we need more
Day -1037270 asking for a video of vr
Watched this in the shower my phone is a light up water bottle now
Watching this from the bath, keep it up Mr.The Woz!!!
Meh
gotta love the blue border around the screen at all times
You would be surprised how many people in Australia dont shower
SHOWER OF SONICFOOT
Um what
If Scott can talk about Luigi in the Tub, he could literally do anything.
I. I. I.  I don’t have words…
So this is this Wozz named Scott I’ve heard so much about. I think I get it
The xbox soap isnt backwards compatible 😔
As an Aussie who bought the "Xbox Body Spray and Shower Gell day one I can confirm, they do not smell like an Xbox nor like a gamer, if I wanted to smell like that I would just not use any grooming products.
This video felt like it was 20 minutes and I love it
sure, scott. Sure.
This was the most confusing and wildest 3 minutes of my life. Thank you Scatt.
Call the Grout Doctors and they will make your bathtub walls look like new!
Quality content
Thanks Scott the Woz
So when's the L Button video?
i kinda want that x box soap. something about that toxic green colour makes me feel cleaner than ever.
Scott: I need to make a video today Scott: Pulls words out of a hat, Game, bath   Scot: 🤔
Space Invaders soap doesn’t preserve virginity
This is the closest we're getting to a hot tub stream.
Scott this is absolutely f*cking hilarious I appreciate you! - Joe M
huh
This was a brilliant short very funny, almost as good as the chia pet one. That one never leaves me without a laugh
Ironic that Sonic has a toy that you can play in the water.
Well this was. Chaotic.
The hay caught me so off guard
Great now do a video on keychains
That bale of hobby lobby discount hay is just the best gag I ever seen
This feels like a really good AI auto-generated a Scott the woz video
Soctpimula
Oh yeah I am from Australia
Keep the high quality content coming
This reminds me of the older videos like tinder
Good to know that the XBox/Lynx line of products was only exclusive to Australia.
Dude...please clean and regrout that thing.
“God, I wanna play f****ng gOoOolf”
Yes! I had that Sonic bath game as a kid! Who knew I’d be so nostalgic for bubble bath
I can't wait to throw Mario into the bathtub and wash with him.
“This is a bathtub I bought it at the convention”
LOL
1:15 I don’t think I’ve ever had such an incredible sense of nostalgia, questioning of my morality, and fear wrapped into one emotion until I saw this again
This was an unexpected and great episode.
What the hell did I just watch
From the bottom of my heart, thank you for this nonsense.
Scott the Woz could upload a minute video and I still find it entertaining
Longest 3 minutes I’ve ever seen
This video made me extremely uncomfortable.
Imagine bathing with the xbox shampoo
In less than half an hour I'm going to wonder if I hallucinated this while sleep deprived
He's not out of ideas  YOUR out of ideas ...
I gagged do it again
Damn, I really need those bath toys…
The man literally kept all of his normal clothes on while in the tub but his socks, at least we know he still has some sanity in him.
Sad to see the "Scott Smells Bad" arc ended
Bean Scott Bean Scott
I have no clue what the point of this video was, but I enjoyed every second of it.
Honestly when I saw this on Twitter I thought it was that account that tweets fake Scott the Woz episodes.
Man. Bathtubs are great. We should bring one to conventions which host a certain platform fighting game.     Speaking of Nick All-Stars Brawl of course.
just something about these ones
3 minutes 32 seconds of pure joy.
Is it just me or is Scott in the thumbnail looks like Bella Poarch?
God I love Scott the Woz
Hey y'all im not game bath
Scott's first bath, so proud of him.
Scott thank you for reminding me periodically that we could very likely have the same birthday (I refuse to look into it any more than that, who likes to be wrong?) every so often. It makes me feel like we could have played Smash for 3DS at school lunches in a perfect world. Instead I had to do that with MY FRIENDS! :(
Scott bought all that soap during Black Friday
I legit saw all the LYNX Xbox stuff at Wollies once, all 10 bucks a pop.  *Very Professional*
Wait, 2 videos in 2 days, is this real??!!
You gotta show some respect to Scott. He actually went into a bath with Jeans on and continued on as if nothing is wrong.
This was a cry for help.
whut
I’ve met quite a few gamers who were NOT fans of the bathe
More proof that Scott can talk about anything and it will be entertaining
I had that sonic bath bubbles thing as kid. I legit was so excited to see that. Good memories. Thanks scott.
He just roasted his entire audience goddamn
What in the hell?
“Xbox skin jelly”
It finally happened, he snapped!
We still waiting for your topic about the L button or Cheese
Next episode of Scott the Woz: "Gaming Bodysprays"
This was fast
Finally a video for me!!!
Melee players: *sweat nervously*
👍👍
xbox skin jelly
HI SCATH
Gamers would buy these and just keep them wrapped like collectables.
How could you not give a shit about Luigi in the tub?!?!
2 videos in one week? You spoil us Scott.
Scott I will donate 50 bucks if you do me a favor and clean the grout around your tub I'm dying here.
you should play Minecraft
I'm still wondering if it's a real Scott the woz video or its one of the those really good deepfakes.  Help
W h a t ?
As someone who helps run a local anime/gaming convention, that ending caused something in my brain to snap.
i def wanna see the outtakes for this one
its always great when scott posts,even when its short
“There is no Venn diagram between bath fans and gamers, it’s just a circle.”   How many gamers have you met Scott?
Sending this to the people at my local smash tourney
Everyone knows gamers don’t bathe
Making soap for gamers is like making Braille for the fingerless blind.
Careful, Scott.  YouTube could age-restrict this for all those saucy bathing scenes.
I’ve never seen a bathroom that screamed more single white male in my life.
This is definitely in the top 1 Scott The Woz videos of all time.
Who can dislike this.......... I pray for you!!!
are you trying to sell me something?
I'm flashing back to that one video that Scott's Twitter hacker posted of the guy in a bathtub fully clothed.
Did scott just fuckin cover himself in dog food in the first 5 seconds of the video? Goddamn this man does not waste time
there are only so many things a man can talk about for 30 min  . . . Baths ain't one of em
ANOTHER SCOTT SKETCH YESSSS THESE ARE THE BEST ONES
1:30 *Im fucking dead*
It’s surprisingly disorienting how short this is
*Smash Community Joke Here*
Two in one week?
1:43 killed Scott by using a Xbox
Only Scott can talk about soap for 3 minutes, and still have more jokes than any comedy on TV.
3 and a half minutes of nothing but Scott jokes. Yes.
He doesn't do it for the money. He does for the people! The relationships!
Body spray?! An unshowered body will stink up your bed! What if you wanna have sex!?!  ...Oh right, I'm worthless.
Thank god you made this video, I was about to bathe myself in xbox liquid wihout even calling a consultant.
@2:10 "I'm Moist Cr1tical in the shower" EXPOSED
Just so you know how terrible Lynx is, it's the Australian branding for Axe body spray. Not sure why it has a different name here.
Too many soap near mouth moments. >.> What a wild ride.
only real gamers use xbox body wash
Gamer food, gamer pillows, gamer soap, the gaming industry will soon take over the entire world!!!
This is one of your better videos, non stop hilarity
LETS GO! NEW SCOTT THE WOZ VIDEO!  HELL YEAH! :D
"There's no ven diagram between bath fans and gamers, it's just a circle"  We both know that's not true.
hows everything
This feels like a fever dream. So in other words, classic Scott the Woz content.
They have been making those Sonic soap games for years, I had one as a kid that had artwork from Sonic R
good video 2 day scott
I like these mini episodes cuz they are always fucking insane
Great hitting animations I rate this game a 8/10
Scott Woz Videos Are Always Interesting
He just attacked many people with just one video
Bruh I have that sonic bath game 💀 thought I was the only one! 😌
I remember there was a GameBoy Advance shampoo, shaped as a GBA and with a Mario or Link image as background
What.
Scott the woz bathwater? 🥺
Yay the bathroom episode
Now I can finally bathe again
Why has he done this
i actually had one of those sonic bath games! came in blue and green apparently, and i had the green one! 💚⭕️💚
Belle Delphine bath water ultimate edition
lol ur bathtub is dirty 🥲
As a mess adverse person this is the worst thing I’ve ever seen you make
love it, the shorter videos aren't too bad
Love how his views match his subs. True subs
Scott isnt running out of ideas hes reinventing the meaning of the word idea
That better be xbox body spray at the end there.
Dude can make a video about video game books sound fun
I can only wonder what that hay will do to his apartment's plumbing. And the entire apartment building's plumbing.
Can’t wait for Xbox Soap 2, especially the character development in that one
Yyyyooooo i have to say those super Nintendo cartridge soaps looks hella badass 🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽
Scott The Woz bath water when?
Hi, Scott!
Scott it’s ok, the Christmas episode doesn’t have to be a multiple of 50
I thought this was from a parody account at first
What
The glasses stay on during bath time. No, mom it's not a phase.
Why so many checkmarks on the Scott The Woz bath time video?
I can't believe we got 2 episodes this week when we only deserved 1
feet
Scott bathing with clothes on makes me unreasonably stressed out
For when your virginity knows no bounds…..
that shower is gross
When Scott said "what am I gonna do take a bath" at the end of the last episode, I didn't think he was serious.
Showers are for people that can't afford Axe
And here I thought you’d save the barefoot scenes for your OnlyFans
very funny scott, good job. nice one!
The funniest Scott the wozz video ever
Gotta love the dedication for a joke
Sell your bath water owo
AAAAAAAAA CLEAN YOUR TUB AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
it's bold of scott to assume that most gamers even know what the subject of this video is
I love that all his videos feel like a fever dream lol
I'd just like everyone to know that i watched this
I don’t know if this is a shitpost, or a call for help. Or both
This man imported body wash bruh
Even short Scott the Woz videos are pure gold.
oh wait this isn’t a joke
When he said “it could use some hay” i turned off the video & jumped out a window because HAY DOES NOT GO IN A BATH TUB!
What’s up with the multiple uploads Scott ??
Shorter than usual, but as good as ever.
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm m o i s t   s c o t t
What did you do after filming? Take a shower? You monster.
Scott, I hate to say this, but that grout is looking nasty. If you do a gofundme for new grout I'll donate
Scott twice in one week? Hell yeah!
the xbox deodorant is actually pretty damn good tho
I look forward to the gif of Scott getting hit in the face with an Xbox Series S.
I feel like you should at least mention how this is more of a joke video
oh my god the sonic bath game unlocked an ancient memory
The fact that Scott can make a bath more interesting than school says a lot about how important he is
This was a short one but it was still funny. Keep it up scott!
This is a clean master piece.
Sorry I own Xenoblade I can’t use Xbox Body Wash
We need more bite-sized Woz videos to tide us over. Just a quick shot of Woz right into our veins while waiting for our new weekly vid
I had the sonic bath bubbles game for a long time in my child hood.
yes
They need to make something like this for Yugioh and Magic players.
Hay, that came out of nowhere
No splatoon bathbomb? Disappointed!
99% sure the ending gag is a chris chan reference
Commenting to appease the algorithm
Jeez two videos in a week I’ll take this as a belated birthday present
We already know this is just a filler ep for a larger vid..
Might be running out of ideas …….
wow what an out of left field video lol
Great ending!  (But seriously, please bathe before coming to conventions, you smelly heathens.)
Why take a bath to clean your skin where you can peel off those dirty layers of skin and have the cycle repeat
These short videos are your best
Thank you for getting rid of that Branded Bubbly Bi-, I couldn't stand that every single time I just want to speak about games they would just start talking like a telemarketer! I'm just want to talk about Pac & Pal not take out a loan!
Is It better than Mario golf super rush though?
This was short.too short he is making something big
Ay Scott your right eye looks smaller than usual  If something's up let us know
This is a REAL Scott the Woz episode.
*Why do i feel like i wanna eat the xbox shampoo*
A bunch of the guys who play Magic the Gathering at my local game store knew that body spray tip.
Hey all, short here
The body spray seen...  I pray you don't go to the grocery store
Oh wow! That brings back memories. I have that sonic water ring game!
Okay but what did you do with the bath water? Asking for a friend.
I like the only about 3 to 5 min long videos I think you should do this more often
I Wouldn't stick soap in my mouth for a hundred bucks, An Scott did it for free.
The fact he mentioned the one thing I remembered (Sonic rings) is the best thing ever.
Smash players should be required to watch this video before entering a tournament and before going out side
I think he's starting to run out of topics.
0:41 This is incorrect. They are also available in New Zealand. Australia and New Zealand have a very close relationship, and pretty much share everything with each other. Including our accents. As someone who lives in NZ, I have seen these on the shelves, so I can personally confirm it. Also, at 1:48, you can see in the bottom right, it has New Zealand there as well. Anyways, great video, Scott!
Wait, gamerz can bath now??
Didn't knew you were 24. Thought you were younger.
Someone hasnt gone to a Melee Tournament and it shows
i love these types of videos
what did I just watch
jfc scott clean the grout in your bathtub. those mold spores are gunna spawn black tar heroine in your lungs.
THE SPRAYING TO THE BEAT OF THE OUTRO MUSIC IS KILLING ME
Oh no Scott is that one kid in the middle school locker room who uses axe to hide the sweat
Scott really made a whole video to prove he’s bathed at least once.
God has blessed me
Finally - a video targeted at Melee players.
0:05, I can’t wait to rewatch this and check to see what time of year it was uploaded
Oh, so that guy wasn't joking about bathing in Mountain Dew.
This looked like a meme video posted by another account
Bathing is for people with social lives so as a fellow gamer I have no need to bathe.
i'm a little confused about that one part when Scott was in the bath
Holy fuck Scott the woz
1:43  POV when you get the red ring of death your Xbox 360 be like:
I think I just commented before Pixelcraft did… GGs to me :)
Why Scott you old Woz you've done it again!
Every Smash players counter pick.
I like how Scott ended up more dirty after taking a bath
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS FINALLY!!!
god i wanna play fuuuuuuuuuckin golfffffffff
What.
The Chris Chan reference
Hi Scott, you should do a video about spoilers for games that are not "new". Not everyone plays the game on launch day and if someone spoils it it really could mess the experience.
I heard playing games in a bathtub or shower achieves the ultimate gaming experience! However you must first follow these 5 easy steps in order to have the best game time of your life!  Step 1: Mount a tv on your shower wall.  Step 2: Put a plugged in console in the bath/shower.  Step 3: Turn on the water.  Step 4: Have your Controller, Gamer soap and hair conditioner ready.  Step 5: Jump on in and enjoy the fun!
they should make a smash soap
Now THIS feels like a shitpost
Most brilliant shit post I’ve ever seen
Scott the Woz bath water available for purchase when
Scott really think gamers bathe lmao
This is probably my favorite episode.
Scott sitting down in the tub in a pair of jeans somehow bothers me more than it should.
Awesome! Another Smash Bros. video!
These are truly the Dark Souls of bath products
Lmk when the PS5 facial scrub drops.
Is this the first time Scott has cannonically bathed in 5 years?
Lmao scott the water
As an Australian I remember the Lynx Xbox series and thinking "that's the stupidest thing I've ever seen"
This video makes me flinch every 5 seconds
Best bath based Scott the woz episode out there, no one else can do better than this
Thank you for this Scott
Imagine going to your friends house and seeing they have a space invaders soap bar
cookin hard is still shorter somehow
This one was short but then again how much can you really say about soap
how paradoxical…
I wasn't sold on bathing until now
Dog food
The kind of video that I'd look at and hardcore judge the YouTube channel as some clickbait shit. As a Scott the Woz video? Clicked immediately, loved it, 10/10
... That reminds me that I need a shower. Thanks, Scott.
Scott equivalent to a beach episode
20:27 of mobile games on console was a reference to this.
I like to watch YouTube while drying off after a shower. Guess what I was doing when I discovered this video!
As a PlayStation Fanboy, I don't shower unless I get sticky From playing Catherine Full body.  Don't ask why ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Hes running out of ideas
Came in thinking this was going to be like that fake L button video
this is short but amazing
After watching this Scott the woz episode, all I got out of this was *feet*
“Did you know using body spray eliminates your need for showers” 😂 I see Scott too has also gone to gaming conventions 😂😂
Lmao
This video must’ve been such a pain to make.
3:13 thats literally right tho.. theres no joke there
Lol
1:40 hardest I've laughed in quite a while.
this is the kind of stuff you see in the clearance section of a walmart
Everytime you think you understand what videos Scott puts out..
I'll sleep well tonight knowing that Scott enjoyed his Xbox bath.
1:41 I fucking knew you were a minecraft villager this whole time
I recall there were official Game Boy Advance bath bubbles bottles with Super Mario Advance in the miniature water ring game.
This is the astrology with Squidward of the Scott the Woz universe
*clap*  *breathes*  H A Y
Have you ever took a bath in VR?  Heck of a gamer move
What a nice surprise
Strangely this was exactly what I needed at this moment, whatever the heck it was
Just yes
That was a quick one, was pretty funny
I no longer need to rely on Axe body spray to groom myself. Thank You Scott.
Another banger, honestly nonstop with this one
Finally a clean episode
This was short but so damn funny lmaoooo
Guys steams down 😭
I’m sending this video to all my friends who play genshin impact, they fucking need it.
Scott, the only person to pour cereal on himself for a 10 second gag.
Watched this in the showers pog
Xbox Body Jelly, that's the most accurate way to describe it.
he definitely said hey all
Please do one on the psp and ps vita
Ha, I'm having a bath right now while watching this
Slather me in some video-game soap pls, thx
2:10 ill see this in my nightmares, thank you.
GOLF!?!? BATHING???
Who else was expecting two separate circles at 0:21?
What… why… I’m so confused
Game baths: the thing I never knew I need.
I love your dedication, you put soap in your mouth for our entertainment...
amazing
Does using body spray really mean you don’t have to shower anymore??
OnlyFans be jealous.
I’m pretty sure this is a cry for help in Morse code
This was...good.
@1:06 *Scott:* God, I want to play fucking golf right about now... *Mario Golf Super Rush:* Am I a joke to you? *Scott:* Yes.
Thank you Scott for this surprise gift
The lighting at 0:00 freaked me out
I love this filler arc
I was hoping for a watershed moment in Scott the woz lore similar to when we saw Mario’s nipples in odyssey. Alas the search for scott nip continues
Gamer guy bath water
I’m a big fan of Scott the Woz
Had no idea other countries didn’t have the Xbox multi purpose stuff. Get like bucket of those for Christmas and don’t have the heart to tell my relatives I don’t know what an Xbox is
People giving this a thumbs down forgot to shower.
Scott's commitment to some of these jokes always astounds me.
ofc i see this right when I'm about to take a shower
That hotel tub looks disgusting!!
I am _fascinated_ with how Scott’s hair deflated in the beginning
“What’s the smell on you?” “Xbox.”
Thank god finally something for the hygienic gamer
This just feels like a "I felt like it" thing
Taking a bath while commenting this
im.. amazed, and confused.
This video needs to be played at a smash con globally. With a Japanese dub
SCOTT
I thought this was a parody video due to the length, but it's the real thing! This'll surely be good!
I think this is the most surreal episode you've ever done. Have you been amassing these bath-based things for... years? I LOVE IT.
I love his vaguely video game related  vids.
How much soap did Scott eat for this video?
Can confirm that us Australian gamers never bathed until they released Xbox shampoo
This is a little too long, please shorten your videos, I really want to watch them, but I never have the time, I almost love your videos, even though I've never watched more than tens seconds each, more than I love commas, and that's saying something, but these time investments I cannot do.
From the absurdity of the title and the length of the video I thought for sure this was one of those ai text-to-speech meme videos and not an actual Scott the Woz video…
Now we know bathing is Phil Spencer approved. Thank God.
It's admirable just how much physical harm Scott puts himself through for these videos
Rate bath products from now on!! Or make a new channel: Bathe The Woz.
Scott The Woz. Bath video. Humanity is saved.
These shorts are amazing
I've said it once and I'll say it again. SCOTT CAN MAKE A VIDEO ABOUT ANYTHING AND I'LL LOVE IT!!
Did you buy a small stack of hay specifically for this episode? What the heck? :D
In today's episode, Scott goes from making his gaming addiction tax deductible, to making his bath soap tax deductible
Short, yet effective
“ Take a shower” Scott
There was such an easy Melee players joke that he refused to make and I respect him for it.
Scott: “This bath could be more comfortable.” Also Scott, an intellectual: “ *H A Y* “
RIP Scott’s clothing. It got:  -Soaked -Covered in shampoo -Covered in hay -Last but not least, sprayed with Axe body spray
Oh man, I hope you put like a kiddy pool or something under you for that intro shoot. What a mess! :)
finally,scott shower scene uncensored
I remember having the Mario shampoo a long time ago. It was a lot better than having sex.
Scott really bought Dog food for a bit. I appreciate a man’s dedication for a bit.
I’m here for the chance to buy Woz bath water.
"I am most critical in the shower"...this is somehow the most relatable line in the video for me
what?? what?? what the fuck?????
I play golf in the tub
me with my xbox lynx spray on the shelf: "yep... i smell like shit"
Surprisingly clean for a Scott the Woz episode.
The fact that Scott probably needed to clean his shower then bathe after making a video about soap makes me chuckle
low key one of the best in a while.
I think the Smash Bros Community beat you to the deodorant trick by a few years
I could only process like 3 things in this video and thats ok
This means that i can finally take a shower.
"This is a bath tub" God I hope that's on my tombstone someday
Next bath video better have a cleaner tub! look at that grout! I didn't even realize i was ocd about other peoples bathrooms until now
Xbox fun for a Nintendo fan
huge bath fan here and you did not do bathing justice you forgot the part about eating the soap
Early squad! ❤️
I love that Scott is just randomly uploading, it’s like every day I play Russian roulette with Scott as the bullets!
Scott: skin jelly! Xbox: yeaaa
One of the MCU multiverses better have Scott Woz as Peter Parker
I'm so bummed the Xbox bath jelly isn't on PS4.
Back in the early 90’s there were official nintendo water games, like that sonic one, except they looked like fat gameboys. They were cool.
most uncomfortable bath video I've ever watched
Scott the Woz Episode Speedrun
Not Scott washing his 20 Oz. Unsansforized Raw Selvedge Jeans for a 3 minute video
3:13 Chris Chan unironically thought this btw
He's a funny guy
No, game companies aren't trying to get gamers to take baths, their trying to make people that are clean become filthy gamers.
I was going to look up something else but I saw this and immediately forgot what I was looking for because of the confusion I had
hello
I play smash, I don't know what a bath is.
You forgot about the halo bath knife, it cuts down bath time and lifetime to!
This seems like it should be one of those Deep faked scott videos but its real
I legit thought this was a meme from a another channel but then saw the channel name
Caught me off guard, but I love it 😂
Short ones work. Keep it up.
Remember neckbeards, showers are sexy. Take one today.
Reminds me of the Yu-Gi-Oh! Dirt Dueler set. It included shower gel, soap shaped like the Millennium Puzzle, and deodorant, and was originally released to combat the growing problem of body odor at all levels of competitive play.
clean your walls next time
It’s kind of funny how good the timing of this video is because i literally just took a bath, and then saw this in my inbox.
Watching this one in the tub
I can finally smell like an Italian plumber!
-Fully clothed in the tub -Consumed soap multiple times during the video -Casually brings hay into the tub  I'm fully convinced Scott isn't fully human
Is it April first
Wait the Xbox soap was real- I thought it was a joke when I saw the ad
Damn Scott   Nice tub!
Hi
I haven't showered since 2018
Hey Scott just wanted to say thank you for putting out so many videos this week. I’ve been having trouble finding decent content lately and I find that at least your channel seems to be the right balance of interesting and entertaining for relaxing after a hard day of work.   Keep up the good work man!
This is like one of those old episodes and i love it
PC gamer here, can confirm we’d rather shower with custom rgb watercooler fluid
Why buy all this when I can just put my PS4 console in the bathtub with me
3:12 School Gyms
That was amazing
Scott’s going to Too Many Games soon and Is encouraging his fans to shower
I’ve always wanted to smell like an Italian plumber
Just got out of the shower and see this
Scott was doing a challenge to see how many jokes he can tell in a short amount of time
Hi
I don't know how you could have stretched this into 20 minutes anyway
Jschlatt watched this.
I got really really really odd nostalgia seeing one of those sonic toys, that thing was the shit at 5 or whenever.
Please polish my bald head
First Scott the woz video I’ve watched on IOS 15 lets go
That was the best 3 minutes of my life
you love to see it
Okay but I'd totally use Nintendo Switch shampoo lmao
Lynx is Australian for Axe body spray
3:11 every middle schooler ever
Nintendo's bath stuff makes sense. Mario is a brand, as are all of their IPs, and kids like Mario, so have some bits and bobs to play with in the bath for kids and you've got easy sales.  "Xbox" body wash, though... wtf is the point of that?
Scott, please keep shitposting like this.
This gas more content than most you tubers 20 minute videos
Wtf was that?  And why is one of the best videos?
yes
The only YouTuber ever to not fear wikifeet
Scott is a national treasure
Anyone ever ask you how you got hooked on bathing?  "Yeah, the Lynx!"
spoke about shampoo and i was interested lmfao 🤣 awesome video 👏👏👏
Is this technically Scott's "Hottub" stream?
What
Didn't include the gaming bath staple 'Kirby Bath Ball 2'. I expect a sequel episode immediately.
MAKE MORE SHORT VIDS LIKE THIS.
Hey y’all SCOTT HEre
I swear to God the ending bit has to be a dig at smelly competitive Smash players, I just feel it
A pleasant suprise
this video is from an alternate timeline except for the axe body spray clip
How much for a jar of your bath water?
This is the most Shortest Review I've ever watched by Scott...
Scott.. I’m pretty sure April fools has passed 😂
A new Scott video already? Well it’s short, but it’s something! Thanks Scott!
after watching a bunch of the 15-20 minute episodes, this one felt like a drive-by
You should do a movie tie in game video.
I don't know what I just watched but I'm happy I watched it
Christ that was like a joke every 3 to 5 seconds
Why does it look like Xbox empty a bunch of axe products and just refilled it?
Good to see I’m not the only one bathes with jeans on
This was only three minutes but it felt like I watch a three-hour documentary about gaming soap
Have you ever laughed for 3 and a half minutes straight.  You will thanks to this video.
So Scott the Woz Bath Water when?
Next we need bath games
You know something's up when scot posts his best video yet.
No way its an almost daily upload from Scott
The joke density is just ridiculous. Man, I love you.
As an Australian, I can confirm that I have only ever used xbox body wash/shampoo.
I see he's been watching Chris Chan body spray tips...please stop Scott. LOL
Even when he makes short videos they’re just as good as the long ones
What
What! 2 Scotts in 1 week. Woot
Yooooo he hit 1.5m congrats
Since lynx is litterally is just Axe but in the UK, I was expecting a crazy axe body spray joke.
Finally, a Scott the Woz video I can use to time brushing my teeth
All post, no shit
😂🤣😂👍👍
HOLY SHIT 2 scott the woz videos in a 2 day span
Oh god
gamer girl bath water
excellent.
no no NO A DOUBLE UPLOAD CAN'T BE I LOVE IT!!
Oddly Enough, I JUST Got Out Of The Bathtub Before I Saw This.
I can’t stop laughing 🤣
He’s running out of ideas, guys
Bruh as soon I started watching his video he tweeted about the video
it's cannon this dude takes showers in axe body spray
Oh no Scott put his bare feet in a video he's gonna end up on Wikifeet now
Good video funny man
This was amazing
Wow, no Game Boy bubble bath, Scott is now not a real gamer
I'm 99% certain this video only happened because Scott walked into a store to get normal stuff and just happened to see Space Invaders soap and Xbox body wash
Short and sweet, good video
Just 3 and a half minutes for pure comedy. He's awesome.
Scott can I buy your gamer bath water
Woah i had that sonic "game" totally forgot about it but this video unlocked a memory way in the back lol
You have the best content my man Scott
The only YouTuber that can make me watch a long or short video
Your humour is allways gold mate!
Scott teased this video in his previous one. His next video will be about video game body spray, I’m calling it!
Short yet satisfying.. Just like me.. Don't ask.
Scott feet
0:45 They were in New Zealand too btw
I had and forgot about the sonic bath bubble game until now
How to bathe and not bathe at the same time:
I missed when Scott made short videos along with the longer ones.
Scott video on Tuesday? Consider me psyched
Baths!? What are you going to accuse us of being involved with next? SPOUSES!?!?
Scott needs to make a video about the L button.
I like the short vids. I did something similar for my New Super Mario Bros. 2 video. Bottom line is this guy puts in effort regardless. I can respect that.
Scott just be making videos on anything
better than episode 200
Best Scott the Woz video EVAR!
feet identified
I know this is Scott but the amount of soap consumed in the span of 3 and a half minutes is...concerning.
He posted twice in three days.    Something’s up…
3:13 Wait, is that a chris chan reference??
Body spray comment at the end is sadly something Chris Chan thinks is true. >_>
Had to double check if this wasn't a Youtube poop
Anyone use the axe gel that made your skin feel like it was being breathed on by Jack frost?
so many new little jokes, love it
HELL YEAH
This reminds me of the chia pet episode, short, but considered one of the best.
Please Scott, give us more short form videos
Fast and nice
It's official Scott's running out of idea's.
This is awesome
What the hell.
2 scott the woz vids in less than a week? pinch me i'm dreaming
Scott writes off cleaning his bathroom as business expenses.
Scott should do more of these shorter videos.
Scott ate the Xbox shampoo
Why Game Baths, Scott?
short but tort👍
The virgin Gamer Girl Bath Water vs. the chad Scott the Woz Game Baths.
Haven't enjoyed a video about Baths since NHK did a documentary on Bathtubs and I'm probably the only person on earth who found it fascinating.
props to scott for doing this fully clothed
not the best but a goldmine
This was the perfect middle of the week surprise
Don’t forget to brush your teeth with the Pokémon app!
That was funny
What the hell. I didn't even know that these things existed
1:37 LMFAO, loved it
Short and sweet, but filled with witty jokes and so much personality. Keep it up Scott!
Thats a long ass foot toe
Thank god, I needed this video.
I love these short videos so much. It just goes to show the things this man enjoys making.
"I'm feeling underage today" is definitely not gonna be taken out of context
Finally Scott posts genuine content
You had me at “hey all”
Looks like its time to go back to Dr. Atricks.
This is like the spiritual successor to the gamer food video and I am a FAN
Xbox shampoo is my favorite pizza topping
All my nightmares begin with “HEY YALLL SCOTT HEREEEeEeEeE” I love you
This s hilarious! Short but sweet!
holy shit xbox soap
Damn I just took a shower
That ending gag is literally every single middle school boy
Short but sweet
God, he’s doing it again. He’s an ANIMAL
The fucking bubble on "lips" got me that was amazing.
God I love this shit lol
finally, i can shower and still prove how much of an alpha gamer i am
Oh wow. It caught me off guard when the video ended.
Man I love sunday
But where's the Luigi soap?
It’s about time someone made this video
I….I don’t want to be subscribed anymore
Nobody:           YouTube: ayayayayayayayay
Congrats on 1.5 mil!
I actually had no idea video game soap existed
There is way to many good jokes for how short this video is.
I have now seen Scott with his hair down and I think I can say I've lived life to its fullest.
You know a source is trustworthy when it says the words "Hey yall Scott here"
The Scott The Woz video we didn’t ask for, but the one we needed
Finally we have confirmation: It's "*Hay* all, Scott here."
Last time I tried gaming in the bathtub I knocked it into the water and then… I don’t remember what happened after that. I think I lost.
These products are made by disgruntled public reps who had too long smelling armpits at E3
I hate the fact the Internet now has access to Scott the woz’s feet
Scott woke and chose chaos.
closest thing to fan service
Hinestly most if these bath toys our 6 year old would love
Hey all can someone send me $30 so I can buy a toaster for my bath
Love how this is an official episode
This Video was AMAZING
Xbox Skin Jelly.. Shut Up and Take My Money!  Scott’s 24?  That explains A LOT about this video.
By the way as an Australian we are all also bath fans and gamers
I wouldn't mind these shorter videos between the longer videos
Can't wait for the onlyfans version where scott is naked in the tub.
I always wondered what was missing all this time from my showers... Now my life is complete!
Pure anarchy and bliss in every second of this video. Never change Scott we love you.
0:20 well actually there’s a small portion of gamers who don’t bathe. They are the ones that play Smash Bros
Holy shit soctt the woz
A video about gaming and bathing and not a single joke about Smash Bros Players or Belle Delphine.... I'm actually surprised on that one
Game baths.
I’m sick today This made me un-sick
3:14 Legend has it, Scott's entire apartment still reeks of Axe body spray to this day
Gamers don’t bathe
amazing
Love the short videos
Never seen AVGN review soap before. Scott truly is the superior game nerd.
I had a sonic 3 version of the sonic bath games as a kid. Like Scott said it didn't last.
Fake,gamers don’t take baths
when skylanders m mod review
This should be a yt short
How could Scott Put that much soap in his mouth 1) and 2) not tell us what it tastes like!
GAMER BATHWATER GAMER BATHWATER
I don’t like Venn diagrams because it’s circles and my dads killer was a shape
My cousin is 16 and never showers. Probably because he doesn't know about this
My mans ate soap for a three minute video.
Smash players have no excuse now 😂
my god you're committed to the bit
Scott outta ideas
This is probably Scott's most crazy short episode yet. I wonder how he comes up with ideas like this. 🤔  *Scott slaps hand on desk* I got it!
How did you manage to live through the body spray ending 👀👀👀
R.I.P to those jeans scott was wearing.
Alright this might be the funniest video I’ve seen all year
Obligatory smash bros joke
Sco the wozz
i need more than 4 minutes
I missed these little 3 minute episodes about stupid stuff. Glad to see Scott still makes em.
Game companies know that we can barely comprehend basic hygiene. We need to step up our game.
Adding this to the Anime Bath Scenes wiki before someone else does.
What the hell was that?
not true, we all know fans of fling smash dont bathe
Well, it seems like this is the video that finally made me hit "Subscribe"
We all know that guy who uses body spray instead of actually showering.
Ok
Ps3 has no soap.
hey all! Scott here.
Well 3 minutes explains how it came out in 2 days i thought has it been a week already
Scott's best short video yet.
Two Scott's in two days!
Best youtuber!
Hm
This is a good lil video for a Tuesday night
Smash bros fans be like whaaaaaaaaat?
Hey yall, kibble shower here!  ~the intro 2021
The smash bros community wouldn’t be able to relate to this even if they walked into a bath and bodyworks.
This has gotta be the funniest out of context video ever LOL
It’s 9 pm at night and Scott’s talking about gamer bath water
Poor Scott, assuming gamers actually bathe on a regular basis and enjoy it.
This is like a Scott's stash scott the woz video
wait      gamers bath?
This video should play at every smash tournament
what, gamers dont shower. You can't get me this time, capitalism!
I didn’t get over the fact, that he bath in jeans… This man does everything for his vids! Great video!!!
Two episodes in one week?? Am I dreaming?
Such epic
These shorter irl videos are the best I missed these. Never change Scott
Giddyup 409
I knew his collection of videos was missing something.
Bro why was the hay joke so funny ?
So weird seeing Lynx instead of Axe mentioned on YouTube for once (same company)
How many props do you even have?
I remember getting a bottle of the Xbox shampoo for Christmas one year.  I've never owned an Xbox.
Game and bath honestly don’t belong in the same sentence tbh.
PepoG
You yanks don't deserve this guy.
Finally the episode we have all been waiting for
Lol, I love these shorter vids on random topics :)
Rule34 artists were watching this and waiting for Scott to take off his shirt
I am literally losing my mind over that tiling job.
I cant even imagine how uncomfortable this must have been. Talk about dedication to its fullest
Sorry, but I'm a Yu-Gi-Oh player so I cannot compute.
Bro clean your tub holy shit that is nasty
He looks like a male version of that tabitha girl from tik tok. Amiright? Lmao. Just realized
The cutaway gags are always -gold- hay
That is one dirty 🛀, no wonder you never 🚿
Did Scott make a Chris Chan reference at the end?
Short n gold
why are your toes so long     ?
Is this an ad for a new OnlyFans channel?
69 dislikes nice
I LOVE  the frequent uploads. Keep it up Scott!
I want to bathe with a Luigi bottle
Scott entering a bathtub in his jeans is probably the most uncomfortable I’ve ever felt in my life
Scott's selling his gamer bath water
as an Australian i can say we stay clean 24/7 thanks to Xbox jelly
G a m e w I t h b a t h
luigi
This man ate soap for us, be thankful.
Scott's dedication to sight gags is becoming terrifying
“God I wanna play F****n golf”
Got a soap ad  I feel insulted
Scott really can make any video game related thing into a episode. Dont belive me? He was able to make a 23 minute long video about the L button!
Kek
The amount of jokes per second is off the charts
1:43 slapstick humor really is the best when scott does it
is this a sign?
It’s been a while since we had a Scott short this are some if my favorite.
Thank you, I was just about to take a shower and forgot my Xbox Shampoo
This is a wonderfully bite-sized ScottTheWoz video
scott i dont know if we're far enough along in this relationship to take a bath together
3:13 middle school kids be like
I'm not showering until they release "chicken shoot" bath wash.
hey all 78,982th viewer here
“Do you remember?” “The 21st night of September?” “No, that time Scott took a bath”
Two uploads in a week?! That's amazing! I actually watched a video by Baglets that copies your style perfectly and then you upload! Talk about a coincidence!
I'm waiting for the Scott the Woz bath salts to be unveiled to the public.
this isn’t SOAP it’s a SHAPE
I can't believe this is even a video, a entire video dedicated to bath products, beautiful
Can someone send Scott a bathmat?
I hate the body spray thing at the end. That was my entire high school experience
we now know what scott's toes look like.
Something something Smash fans.
Scott the Woz, that one human that takes a bath with clothes on
I'm here to say that there is absolutely a market still for these short-form gems.
I love it
I love thinking about golf in the shower.
I could've saved money on water, why didn't I think of body sprays?! Thanks Spiderman!
Commenting for the algorithm. Keep goin scott!
So much yet so good
You notice that Scott’s eyes are red after getting that stuff dumped on him? I think he’s hurt
Congratulations Mr. Woz, you have won internet
When the filler episode is just as quality as the mains lmao.
short and sweet
TWO VIDEOS IN A WEEK!
Gamers don't take baths Scott...
Wait what's a b a t h ?
yo i miss those water ring games
Didn't know Scott was French...
paused right as scott was dunked in dirt, laughed my ass off
first
what
Ahhh, here’s that bonus video.
New Scott vid!!!!
He manage to make a video about cleaning products look so dirty
are you kidding me? that godforsaken xbox wash is exclusive to this island dump i live on? i wish i didn't know what that shit smelled like. every single goddamn 13 year old boy uses it here.
Definitely not a Smash Bros Melee video
Woah, 2 Scott the woz videos in 2 DAYS! Who are you and what have you done with scott?
Holy shit this could not have been a better day. First, I got Gex, now more Scott the Woz!
I FUCKING LOVE BATHS AND I FUCKING LOVE GEIST
Sorry Microsoft x box if your shampoo is green. All I'm thinking it's a slime from Nickelodeon.  And do I really want to smell like a space invader. Because I'm pretty sure those aliens smell like douchebags. And probably uses more axe body spray.
I love scott
As a man who helped run a gaming convention in Australia, I can ASSURE YOU.  Australian gamers DO NOT bathe.
The shortest Scoot The Woz episode, and it's about bath merch YES
gord
the best thing since gaming bath salts
"What if I don't give a shit about Luigi in the tub?"  God I thought I was the only one
Cheetos, Doritos or Fritos
Early
Another video!!
When I was a kid I had a bath sponge that looked like a gameboy color with kirby on it and it was my favorite
I love how chaotic his short episodes are
Are y'all stoked for Tubcon 2021? I had to buy my weekend pass from a scalper because the tickets sold out so fast.
I cant believe he ruined his tub for a 3 minute video
Scott, that’s some high quality mildew on the tub walls.
Official Scott The Woz branded bath water when?
Man really sat in a tub with jeans
Wait til he finds out what Lynx is branded as in America.
nice
I had a water based pinball thing that lasted years unfortunately it broke down cause it was cheap plastic... well more because kids throw things.
This is disgusting
oh god, scott showed his feet in the mario golf scene
I wonder why there isn’t no Smash Bros Bath Sets ever produced.
I just realized. Pretty soon Scott is going to have to do COD on Java phones.
Nah fr the Xbox body wash smells great
The L Button video will be worth the several year long wait
Had no idea what this title meant at first.
I thought this was soaps for your consoles, and was more confused than expected for the first 45 seconds.
This feels like april fools
What is this?  A Scott the Woz episode for ants?!
who thought gamers bathe? I haven't taken a bath in two years.
A moment of silent for the entire outfit Scott abused to make this video
this is the funniest video I have seen in a while.
wow
I'm late :(
scott, when are you selling your bathwater??
2:16 I mean, they _are_ called "Space Invaders" for a reason  But of course I don't wanna rub it all over me Scott; I'm willing to find out what Luigi tastes like, but using soap? You're asking for too much
Ok so someone told me about mountain dew shampoo literal days before this, scott KNOWS.
I wonder how much trouble is it to clean up these messes after a video
I got me Bubsy soap on a rope and everytime I use it I smell pawriffic
When he said the Xbox shampoo was multipurpose, for a second I thought he was saying something along the lines of "it's meant to be used on an Xbox but you can use it on human skin too" which I feel is funnier than what we got idk
And this still didn't help smash players getting showered
Scott really just bathed in jeans and added some hay to the mix for absolutely no reason. Scott are you okay, is this a cry for help?
Gamers bath in mountain dew
Scott’s intro will always be iconic
Im liking these short videos
These bloopers must've been a bitch
Dude clean that grout. It's a pain but it's SO worth it.
these were definitely just government funded projects to get gamers to bathe
Short but sweet
Am I having a stroke???
Good
Best episode in years
When you're a gamer and you need a bath
Scott never stop making videos they always give me a good laugh when I’m feeling down
I love t He woz
As an Australian I really love buying the Xbox Lynx stuff, it honestly smells so good. Hell, I walked around with a deodorant can once and just asked people, “hey you wanna smell like a gamer?” The reactions I got were priceless lmao
the words "gamer bath" fill me with an emotion of melancholy
Advertising hygiene products to gamers, ironic.
Coming from a perfectionist,bro your fucking hilarious
I'm having a hard time believing this video is real, and I've watched it 10 times already
This isn't real. I'm convinced I'm having a fever dream right now
Now this is content is subscribed for! A video on something I'll never use!
Wow 2 video's in a week nice
came in hoping for a steamy scott bath scene and was not dissapointed
Yeet
I actually bought that Xbox branded soap as a joke since I saw it on shelves a little while ago while doing grocery shopping, it's actually not the worst thing ever lol.
3:13 smash fans be like
1:41 I'm dead rn
Yo
Ironicly this is the most gross episode of Scott the Woz
He did it. He made a video about fucking soap, and I watched it twice.
don't they know that gamers don't bathe!
I can tell this took only 3 hours of recording amazing scott A+
Gaming, Bathing.  -Scatty the Waz
Scotts one step closer to losing his vigrinity
Never thought i would see the day when i can smell like xbox.
Even if it’s a 40 second clip, 3 minute video or a full length episode they’re almost always gonna be as funny as shit, Scott never fails to disappoint
Reminds me of that Yugioh soap and cleanliness products cause tournaments are stinky
Now do my favorite game character’s brand’s sunscreen  KFC
what
Banger
HE BOUGHT F*CKING SOAP!
You are ruining your pants and buying hay for no reason and i respect that
While scott was playing in tub with big boy mario golf set, i was playing with baby hot wheels set
Atleast Mario Bath Time Golf is better than Super Rush.
How long until Scott's bath water ends up on ebay?
Nice!
Finally now with this top tier quality tutorial i now know how to bathe myself and be a gamer! Thanks Scott, very cool!
I have no idea what I just watched, but 3 minutes are gone, and I smiled so, can't complain.
was so happy for new scott woz droppin but as someone who just scrubbed the shit outta my bathtub not even an hour ago, this video made me cringe so hard :( still liked the video tho
is this some sort of insult?
Please clean your bathroom with some bleach. Holy smokes, dude.
Hope he isn't running out of content  Edit:jokes are still gold tho
So many props!
10/10
Where is the gamer girl bath watter
Noice.
Finally I can take a game bath
i heard that if the xbox body wash turns red then that means it's expired.
Clean your tub, scott
yep scott sure isn't running out of ideas
The jokes per minute of this video... Goodness...
im googling this and.. it was announced in 2019???
Me like
Xbox skin jelly
we love you scott
Wait, game soaps exists?!
1:41
Gamer guy bath water
im convinced Scott only makes these videos to write off his game collecting addiction on his taxes
This was a bad idea since the beginning.  Gamers don't take baths.
Xbox skin jelly will be my new shower jelly
Wow I’m pretty early. Cool and funny video again
I clicked on this instantly instead of anything else because of fucking Xbox shampoo   Thanks Scott
Scott the Wash
Me before I finished the video: "I need to know the inspiration for this." Me after I finished the video: "Why are there so much video game related bathing products?!"
:)
He foreshadowed this last video.
Still better than that Mario Golf: Super Rush.
1:00 still a better Mario Golf game than Super Rush
Scott's Neighbor: "You know, this apartment building doesn't allow dogs." Scott: "Oh, no. It's for me."
thanks for the shower instruction guide, scott!
I saw this in my recommended right before I was going to go in the shower
Pog
What a great episode, seeing scott the woz taking a bath was magical!
Everyone gangsta until Scott uploads twice a week
What the hell
woah bonus episode
Yoooooo
A good, concentrated Scott the Woz experience.
Simple and clean.
Woah! A wild Scott the wiz appeared
The only times these are needed is with small eSports competitions. Especially for fighting games
straight to Wikifeet, Scott
short and sweet
I like to think this is a passion project
scott u are absolutely prolific
Scott's checklist for this video: - *Huge bag of dog food* - *Random bath themed videogame crap* - *Feeling like just fucking around and having a good time making videos*  Fuckin' gem of the platform.
smash players are the smelliest
Wait, gamers bathe?
Alternate title; gaming companies attempts to get gamers to practice basic hygiene
Scott, what did you use for the scenes where you swallowed XBOX soap and Mario soap? I hope you don't respond with XBOX soap and Mario soap.
E
seeing a bubble come out of Scott's mouth is funnier than it should be
Rubba dub dub, hey y'all in the tub
The what
no
Short and fucking halirious
I don't know why but it bothers me that he didn't fill the bathtub all the way
3:12 Middle schoolers
Scott is thinking of every possible video to make except for the L button video.
You should go onto the official podcast
Woah a second Scott the Woz video in the same week?!
"Did you assumed gamers take baths???"  And this everyone, Is *c o m e d y*
1:26 What's that stuff at the bottom of Scott's bath? 1:30 Ah, that makes sense.
This is probably my favorite video you’ve released in a while
I hope you got that final clip in one take
What a hit.
I had the Xbox body wash, was nice man 🙂 Yeah in Australian
yknow what, this makes me want to take a shower
The last episode he says "what else am i going to do take a bath?" I find that fucking amazing
so when are you selling your bathwater?
STILL COUNTS AS A DOUBLE UPLOAD. BEAUTIFUL, SCOTT, BEAUTIFUL. *applause*
My man made a fu*king video about soap, chess, and Wii menus. This guy will make a video about pong for about 10 minuets.
3:13 Ah the Chris Chan method of cleanliness
Scott just told us to take a shower lmao.
Scott Touches Grass vid when?
best episode
Drink it
You know who else said body spray eliminated the need for bathing?         Chris chan
Real gamers don't bathe there to preoccupied gameing
Scott bath watee
It may be only 3 minutes but it changed my life
The amount of shit he got and then had to clean up, all for a 3 and a half minute video...... Respect
I have no idea what just happened, but I liked it
Hey yall,random guy here,I just found out that "scientifically" Scott has an ability to talk about literally how he likes bread for 10 minutes while making people actually listen to him.
when i saw the title, i really thought this was a Scott The Woz ytp. i underestimated his power.
The yearly skit comedy.
For a second I thought it was one of those fake ai made videos.
3:10 middle school:
Finally soap for gamers
This guy WONT STOP BREATHING, MAKE HIM STOP!
See? My video length is juuuuuuust fine
Making the water game Sonic themed makes a lot of sense since it's all about getting the rings.
I can listen to this man talk about literally anything lmao
Sho..... We ...rs ba.........t...h... Did you guys just make these crazy things up? , What sort of crazy talk is this?. Nothing beats a good old natural musk.
Steam is down. What can I do instead of gaming? Take a bath, my friend
finally a scott the woz video with the same exact vibes as  "i'm washing me and my clothes, bitch"!
scott, how long did it take to clean up the dog kibble?
Uh, I don't think smash bros players take baths
I have really missed the short Scott episodes. They give him a opportunity to do weirder topics. Maybe we might actually get the L button someday...
Most random and unexplainable Scott video yet Sick
This is a surprise
this is somehow one of the best ones. i don't know how, i don't know why. it just is.
I have the XBOX grooming set funniest shit I have ever seen
How many takes did you do on the opening scott
I’ve always wanted to try out bathing but never knew what product to use as a gamer. Glad you made this video Scott
Chris chan could use some of this....
nobody  middle schoolers: 3:12
100% less sus than game foods
This is proof Scott can make a video that’s 5 Seconds long about the L Button and it could still be hilarious.
Sheeeesh
Where’s the life size NES soap?!
This can help all Smash players. Write this down Nintendo:  Smash Bros Body Wash Ultimate
I hear the Switch soap you can use on the go, but the scent isn't as good.
Lest we forget, Scott fucking ate xbox soap for a 3 second gag
smash bros players would like to disagree with you
I think the game companies are telling to stop stinking up conventions. But I dunno what's telling me that
Praying that last axe shot was just one take.
well that was quick
Game bath? What a perfect way to end the day
What in the actual crap is this video this is video is really good tho but the idea is so random and funny and sussy🥶🥵😱😶‍🌫️🙄😳😳😳😳😳😳😳
It must've been a pain to clean up the dog food poured all over him
Where did you get hay Scott.
Please,  do whatever you can to get more  of us nerds to shower.  Next we gotta tackle antiperspirant
I feel like this episode was thought of while taking a bath.
As soon as he came, he went. See you, space cowboy.
Where do you buy bulk beer nuts? I'm asking for myself because I love snacking on that stuff.
Who else is hyped for Tubcon 2021?
bath gaming
Just when you thought Scott had run out of ideas!
Short, but pointless.
Everyone totally clicked on this video to see Scott shirtless
Scott reminds me of Yahtzee from Zero Punctuation. They both sound like they did a line of coke before recording
I read the title as Game Pass and almost had a stroke when he started to talk about shampoo
I’m so not used to Scott posting twice a week. That shit threw me through a loop
2 videos within one week?
That was straw, not gay. I feel lied to
0:16 - 0:21 The least true thing Scott has ever said.
Double Scott the woz , AW HELL YEAH
Man bought a hay bail to put in the tub
Bold for this companies to think gamers take baths
e
why
Gamer bath water
Gimme that xbox live sope
Screw you for saying skin jelly. Now i can't not, can i?
Gaming 👍
that's funny I just got out from a bath and saw that scott uploaded this video today
This video is twice as long as the average gamer's shower.
uh, what?
is is this a joke
I used to have the Mario bros. Soap, the puff and the toy 😂
I blinked and it was over.
Notice the lack of Smash Bros related bath items
Wait. Two Scott the Woz episodes  in one week? No. No. No. No. No! NO! NO!! NO!!  Every thing I’ve been told is a lie! It was the way things worked. One episode a week unless it was delayed for 3 months. But now he released two in one week?!! Great! So happy for this short skit.
I could watch Scott bathe for hours
Only true gamers collect gaming shampoo
Funny enough there is a Tekken shampoo collection.
I- I- I. *sigh* Morning Scott.
Get Clean Gamers!
I've tried using body spray as an alternative to showers, but for some reason no one wants to be around me, my hair is incredibly greasy and my scalp incredibly itchy...
Maybe we can get league players to shower now
The only person I can think of that can make video game bath products a fun topic/video.
I mean gamer girl bath water exists so
Woah, two in one week
Holy fuck Scott the woz
This is the best video about the combination of electronic games and bath tubs I've seen
So Microsoft and Nintendo have bath products, but no sony huh. Sony knows yall dont bathe
These were a lucid dream.
i still have that wario pinball bath toy and i will never get rid of it
This is the greatest content to have the blue border
Makes you wonder, "did he make this video on a dare?" :D
"Yeah what's your return policy? No I got the hole in one I don't need the tub anymore." Had me dying laughing
Awesome
Now I can smell like a virgin everywhere I go!!
Slippery soap Scott..smelling that good you'll not be a virgin by tomorrow.   Pray we never see the day.
who needs soap when you've got a toaster B)
A video less than 13 minutes long was Scott's Nexus event
I'm a gamer and I've just heard about baths. How great does it sound?
Finally now I can go ahead and shower and Mario
It was worth watching just to see Scott bathe fully clothed
"what else was I going to do today, take a bath?" (Mobile Games on Console)  foreshadowing....
:)
How appropriate that I’m watching this video about the bathroom; while in the bathroom.
This video is a joke, real gamers don’t tale baths
what
I had that lynx xbox bodywash lmao
Ah yes, bath water
I’m a gamer girl
And Scott said he wasn't a competitive smash player
Scott’s room after he sprayed all the axe at the end
Early
Watsa Woz
I had to check if it was April 1st cause this radiated that kind if energy
Where's the L button episode scott of the woz
Scott getting clocked by an xbox is my new favorite thing
2 videos in one week?? My biggest dreams are finally being realized.
This video is cursed
What is happening...in this video...
I don't know why, but I SWEAR youtube said this was 11 minutes long
The Xbox on your head made me ugly laugh
Gamer and bather here, In my opinion, Scott was not using enough hay for this bath. I would recommend more next time you try this scot.
Kool                     H3 28ll 48ś3
The beginning was priceless.
In the next episode: Gamer Goo.  Watch Scott D O M I N T A T E.
Bruh
the fact that I actually used that Xbox 3-in-1 shampoo... Now I actually smell like an xbox gamer!
A- a daily upload???
The lack of Playstation themed products clearly shows that sony fans are the smelliest of the gaming community
No belle delphine bathwater?
Eat a soap its in the game
This was certainly something I wasn't expecting
Everybody needs a little bit of "all" "hey" "scott" and "here" in the morning.
early
Forgot about some of these
WAS THAT A FUCKING CHRIS CHAN REFRENCE???????
A shorter vid outside of the usual schedule, my favorite thing.
lol
I thought this video was 30 minutes and first and I wasn't even suprised
I thought this was a fan-episode for a second...
S C O T T IS AWESOME
Next comes the long hiatus.
Whether Gex 64 or Gamer soap, Scatt never fails to entertain!
Is that... cat food?
This must've been the video with the long ass script, glad you took your time
You had me at Xbox shampoo
Please do more episodes like this, I love them
average bath fan vs average bathe enjoyer
I mean you were showered in.. whatever that was, who needs baths anyways
When the outro played I thought it was a goof since I hadn't been watching for long but then I noticed the end cards, actually shocked me, I wasn't ready for this scott the woz video to end
I like the short video format. It would be nice to see now and then.
We finally reached the peak of gaming.
Guys let’s go shower Xbox’s *gets electrocuted*
Two in the spam of 2 days... I'm literally orgasm
Was not expecting a scott video today, or one this short
" *hope the mess was worth it* " Scott: *it wasn't*
I really loving short and sweet content video
2:27 Scott becomes an old man for a second.
I really like the SMB question block bath bombs. Mainly because you get a free Mario Bros keychain that's revealed after the soap is gone.
Love this video.
It feels nice to have a short episode I don’t remember the last time there was one
I've used the xbox lynx body wash before, it's alright. I don't even play xbox though, don't tell anyone 🤫
3:12 that gave me a PTSD flashback to highschool bathrooms and locker rooms. Straight Gamer smells there.
But listen Scott, I had Bakugan Shampoo, you think you can rival me?
the things scott does for 3 and a half minutes of content:  -being showered in dog food -sitting in the bath with jeans -covering his head in... some sort of soup... -putting soap all over his mouth -covering his jeans in soap AND hay -putting soap IN his mouth -and worst of all, spraying his hoodie in axe body spray
hell yes i loved that sonic bath game
Seeing Scott in the bathtub has satiated my desperate need to see him in every scenario imaginable. Excited to see what he looks like as my dream husband next.
Mmmm xbox skin jelly
maximum quality bathing content
Wtf man
Why so short?
I had all the xbox bath stuff and I only bought because I thought it was so funny. I would joke that I was doing bad in a game I would say it was because I hadn't had my hit of xbox body spray. I don't even have an xbox I play on pc.
The over exaggerating when getting hit plus that face was perfect
"bath Fans" "Gamers" "Australia"  That is the most tragic and inaccurate Ven diagram I've ever seen
poggers
This seems like a series of impulse buys and Scott needed a way to call it a business expense
This might be one of the most enjoyable 3 minutes of my life
Scott your upload schedule scares me
So when are you selling Scott the Woz bath water?
Wow first short non video game based video since chia pets
Play earthbound
Such a short video but still high quality
Scott looks throughly unimpressed
I’ve always wanted to smell like Kinect Adventures!
Finally I can smell like an Xbox
Chris chan taught me that one 3:10
This video was definitely written by an AI
Monke brain want Scott bath water
Didn’t expect an upload today but thanks Scott!
scott r u ok
Two Woz videos in one week, Sept 21,. What else will drop today?!
I love these little dumb short videos that he makes they're so jam-packed
I play videogames and I take showers everyday!
Nice
Jesus, the jokes here were extraordinary, and it's all about something as obscure as bathing products based on games.
Scott’s videos are so funny that it’s hard to make good comments because he takes all the jokes.
Ah, so he's NOT a Smash Bros player
.......where do you find this stuff 🤔🤣
Lewd Scott episodes
scott got people to download flappy dunk and bathe.
1:43 Is this going to be the next meme?
Short and sweet not like my baths  They're long and disgusting
Nice
Me & Scott are using 0:33
It's a short video, but man did you try to squeeze as much cutaway jokes in there, I loved it!
If you were a true gamer, you won’t bathe at all
Holy fuck. I forgot I had one of those sonic bath games as a kid. Thank you for unlocking this memory for me, Scott.
As Mario once said:   DON’T FORGET TO WASH YOUR FORESKIN
Thank you Scott very nice
I only take a bath in the finest of mario mixed berry cereal
I’m early
Good video
Lynx is literally the same brand as Axe in the US. They really are ticking all the stereotype boxes
Nice short.
I have a feeling a ton of people are gonna use that last clip to make fun of smash fans on twitter
"I bought f*ckin' soap!"
More mobile suits
Anti-bathing celebrities take note of this!
This was like an entire 20 minute episode's worth of jokes in 3 minutes.  I'm not sure I'm able to handle it.
His tub is disgusting 🤢
Xbox Shampoo. Perfect for keeping your joystick clean. Rated E for Everyone.
Quick vid of scot talking about gaming bath accesories. Nice
My grandparents have an old bottle of Super Mario shampoo from the 90's in the laundry room. I've been told it was used to wash their old dogs. I'm pretty sure they've never played a Mario game.
Scotts magnum opus
I own a Sega Genesis, so I don’t take baths
Only Scott can talk about game shampoo and make it entertaining!
0:16 If only marketers could be further from the truth
Oh yeah. I forgot about themed shampoos and whatnot
A 3 minute Scot the woz video is enough to make me happy for the week
That Xbox deodorant was my favourite flavour. I wish they never got rid of it
Scott, we’re gamers  We don’t take baths
PC Gamers: “Ha, puny console bathing solutions. I only bathe in order to water cool myself after a gaming session…”
Wait… gamers bathe? Fake. Don’t believe it.
3:13 Did you know that there's a reason for this to exist.  Also Scott: That's right! You haven't! Cause there isn't any!
Good
Scott the Woz Bath Water!
😂💸💸💸Saw that mini bail of hay for sale at Rite-Aid for $20. You can buy a real bail of hay (2’x2’x4’)  from a farm for $10. I’m not even sure that’s real hay or straw, looked like wood shavings to me🤷‍♂️
Gotta say without seeing who made the video I was 100% convinced it was a fan made video
Should I hate or love I think I know what kind of dogfood he wasted for that “I need a bath” 3 second scene
There are people who use body spray as a replacement for showers.  Look up final fantasy house.
Hey is that the guy who owns Sonic Jam?
Scott really brought enough soap bars to fit his entire bath tub just for a 1 second gag, now that’s dedication right there
PlayStation shaving cream when?
Where the F*** did you find a small bale of heigh?
Scott: Did you know body spray eliminates the need for showers?   Boys in middle school:
I can't believe Scott is quitting gaming...
there is nothing about this I understand
I thought this was a shitpost at first
The issue of hygiene is solved! And it'll never come up again!
*Ah yes,I,too,like to be showered with dry cat food.*
The amount of uncomfortableness this man experienced for a 3 minute video is amazing.
Why did you make a video today and 2 day ago
Last month we got 3 uploads. It’s the 21st and we already have 5. Scott apparently has nothing else to do.
Scott tried to make a YouTube Short but talked too long...
ok, this is too far
“Bathe, Scott, Bathe!”  That description sounds like one damn good children’s book.
I mean…  Am I really clean if I’m not Xbox Shampoo clean?
The fact that he found enough to make a video on this topic, even if it's only 3 minutes, is terrifying.
For as much money as Scott must be raking in, you think he’d have a less depressing bathtub lol
20 mins later its the same
Hey y’all Scott here
now all you need is to be able to play bubble bath babes and your life will be set
banger after banger, keep em comng
This video existing was like Scott transcending through my computer screen and punching me in the stomach
scott makes up for a shorter episode by making 70% of it prop jokes that harm his physical health. truly a master of balance.
call me wikifeet, but id say scotts feet (at 3:04) are a solid 9.75/10
The amount of stuff Scott had to do for this video's jokes is insane
Solid vid, but what in the actual fuck is a bath?
Strayan here, the bath is where we do the vast majority of out gamin'.
Hey scott
Interesting
That moment when you realize he's about to get in a bathtub fully clothed 🤣
What a strange ranger.
yo this means Australia is Canon in the scott the woz universe
RIP Scott's clothes
He, he didn’t beep out his curse words
Just when i was sad bc its only wednesday
We are in desperate need of Smash Bros shampoo
The hey all in the intro finally amounts to something!
This feels like one of those fake Scott the Woz vid thumbnails you see on Twitter.
I wonder what Scott was gonna talk about BEFORE he had dog food rain on him 🤔
Looks like Scott's about to come clean about his gamer addiction.
wow
Hands down the most erotic Scott the Woz video.
3:12 *The Average Smash Player*
Finally you can smell like a true gamer where's my Mt. Dew soap!
Xbox shampoo beats a toaster any day of the week.
Statistics are wrong. Gamer fans and Bath fans never go atleast 30ft close to each other. Thus Xbox made green jelly.
Am here early
This is an amazing video.
was that a Chris chan reference at the end?
WHERE'S THE RBG
balls
My manly parts can finally be cleaned by something worthy of them
why does he look so tired djshfjbdjsjdbj
Lynx = Axe in America. You're welcome.
*Insert drinking bathwater joke here*
Shoutout to Scott for sitting in a bath with jeans
Probably one of my most favorite video 🤣
This video reminded me to bathe. Drop another one same time next year please.
that was short
2:11 Moist Critical
Why is this so short? Are you pivoting to a new content style? I don't hate it, it's just not why i subscribed and i don't know if I'll like it if every video was like this
Yees
This video had me cackling- brilliant
two scotts? in one week? what the hell is happening?!
this is a scott the woz speedrun any%
Scott thank you for uploading man
Scott really stunk up his room with AXE for the views. He's desperate
Scott: "Did you know body spray eliminates the need for showers?"  Smash Brothers Community: "Do not cite the deep magic to me, I was there when it was written"
*Now this is the content we’re asking for Scott*
He destroyed his bath tub for one video
This is nice. A little dose of Scott once in a while is nice
seriously thought this was a fanmade video. short but sweet, great video
this feels like an april fools video that got accidently uploaded early.
I was here early
Can't wait for the tier lists for these products
these short form episodes are great, I'd be fine if you just kept doing these to be honest
"comedic genius"
was that a chrischan reference at the end?
I’m loving all these videos at once!
I hope Scott submits this video to SDA and he rightfully sits atop the Super Mario Bath Time Golf Set 100% speedrun leaderboards.
Back in high school every dude thought Axe body spray would cover up their onion pits from gym class. It didn’t cover it, it magnified it! Lol
Guys I think he's running out of ideas
No wonder us Australians just teamed up with the us. There’s no way you guys could stand a chance in a war without Xbox cleaning products.
How did it feel leaving the bathtub with soaking wet jeans? XD I love this guy.
3:13 every middle school boy
"did you know that body spray eliminates your need for showers" chris chan is an expert at that
Scott you idiot you gave away free foot pics
Scott the tiles around your bath are mouldy.
A three-ish minute Scott video seems unlawful
Man I really wanna take a bath with Scott
Yay 2 episodes in 1 week!
Minecraft villagers be like 1:41
never assumed Scott would be part of the "I consumed copious amounts of Soap"- Club
A Tuesday Scott the Woz upload? In THIS economy?
Imagine seeing Xbox shampoo at e3
How else are you gonna get those gamers to wash?!
Probably the shortest Scott vid I’ve seen
Whenever Scott does one of these short weird topic videos you know something BIG is coming right around the corner
How was this not a sponsored segment!
i legit thought this was a shitpost scott episode made by a fan at first
Hey Scott can you do more history of consoles and such! Those videos are my favorite!
Lol
Finally I can take a shower. It only been 19 years!
Those bath games like the sonic one were poppin
They make gaming products for everything… don’t they?
as a smash player soap exists in the same realm as sonic pinball
As an Australian i did buy the Lyx Xbox spray because it was funny
I remember the sonic bath game.
I couldn't stop laughing 🤣🤣🤣
Fun fact: other than the outro, there's no video game music, which I think is a first for scott.
God, the commitment to the bit is off the charts. Good shit, my dude
This feels like the L button video poardy
Is Scott ok? When was the last time someone checked on him?
I like this mini episode it was fun I think you should do more based an few and far between uploads
Oh Scott, the things you do for us.
Shower like a gamer 😎
I had no clue that the Xbox stuff was Australia exclusive, it seems second nature for my outsider family to think gamer body wash will convince me to stop playing the Xbox that isn't just a footrest.
short vid     epic
When a gaming YouTuber can make funnier content than the entirety of Hollywood’s comedy writers
Smash players, you have no excuse now
the shower industry is crumbling
God I love Tuesday Uploads
Scott The Woz proving he's a celebrity that he doesn't shower for at least only once a year.
Xbox Skin Jelly
I wonder how long it took him to clean up all that hay... and the fact he actually went into the tub with his clothes on is fucking hilarious!
I have used the xbox shampoo. Works great 8/10
I'm a sucker for a green body wash.
You ever just game with Doom while in the shower?
I wanna see Scott take a bath UwU
Another one
AAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I was about to take a shower, after seeing this video my shower converted in a bubble bath thanks to Barrel Blast being next to me
Babe wake up Scott posted
Why are the walls so filthy?
Two Scott the Woz videos in one week? Wonderful!
HOW DO YOU CRAM SO MUCH FUNNINESS IN 3 MINUTES!
Was that body spray lie a joke about Chris-Chan?
I can't believe nobody thought of Gex soap before today. I'm going to be a billionaire in no time!
So what you're saying is....we're getting that Premium Scott the Woz used bath water?!
2 videos in one week?
I've been waiting for him to cover GAMER BATHS for so long. Who knew gamers bathed?
Scott ends the video with an Andy Dwyer shower.
Congrats on 1.5 million subs! You deserve it!
this HAS to trend smash the like bitches
Well, it is bath season
When I wake up tomorrow, I’m gonna be convinced that this episode was a fever dream
Thanks you for your video
"Yeah, I'm a gamer." "Oh yeah? Do you have the Xbox shampoo?!" " Well damn"
Ah yes,  *The Most Important Scott The Woz Video*
I have this revolutionary idea, virginity showers!
Woah, how dare you upload twice in the same week, i can only handle so much
yo clean those grout lines.
It's actually not for bath fans. No bath fans as also a gamer. It's for groomer
wha...        why?
"Xbox grooming line"
I don’t know how he does it. But everytime he keeps making more and more random videos. I love it.
the fuck did I just watch   Imma watch it again
Woah, 2 Scott the Woz videos in less than 2 days? This is a gamer moment
The episode we didn't know we wanted, but we needed.
An unforgettable quote  "Hey All, Scott Here!"
Why was he covered in cat food at the begining
I feel like Scott got this video idea from Fake Scott the Woz Thumbnails on Twitter
You want to freaking play golf
2 vids in one week lets gooooooo
Shower and Dating Episodes: < 10 minutes Nintendo Switch: 4 Years In Episode: 1 Hour 30 minutes  ScottTheWoz is an Gamer Channel confirmed
Thanks you for your channel
Three minutes of comedy, amazing
Finally, soap I can use to combat my allergy to not having hay in the tub.
I need that sonic bath bubble
Watching this in the shower right now lol
Why does this feel like someones made a Scott the woz shitpost...but its actually Scott
Gamers and bathing??
3:10 took me a bit to realize that this isn't a two-toned hoodie, but a towel on top of the hoodie XD lol Scott, you madman, never change
2 Scotts in 1 week?  What a crazy week…
3 minutes and 32 seconds of Scott making you uncomfortable.
short, but filled with gold! loved it;
Believe in yourself
Why does he upload biweekly even though the word is bulls***. -The Bulls*** man from YKWBS
A pleasant surprise
extra video    extra video
Only Scott can make a video about f**king soap and it's funny.
"I'm assuming this appeals to people that have never bathed before but really like Xbox"  So it appeals to Xbox owners
I here on out will call shampoo and body soap “Skin Jelly”
Take control of own destiny
Scott has finally convinced me to bath!
With shit like this I always have to wonder if these products actually make money. Like some things just seem way too...specific for lack of a better term to be worth the manufacturing cost.
TF all that hay come from LMAO
I usually listen to Scott while I take a shower so this is perfect
I Was not expecting this and it feels like a fan made idea which is a good thing as it shows that scott is willing to look at weirder topics in gaming. Also love the dedication to the jokes here.
Ignore those who try to discourage you
Excuse me?
Is it just me, or do I see a beard forming?
Gamer have their own baths. Gamers have risen yo new level. Great video
This was 3 minutes long and still better than most youtubers.
3:10 I can't tell whether this is just a gaming reference or a Chris Chan reference.
This isn't the shortest Scott the Woz video. Chia Pet is 9 seconds shorter.
me: oh heck yeah a full length, well researched Woz The Scott episode!
He wasn’t joking in the last video…..
Lol Australia In the circle haha
This video made me so uncomfortable
Finally, I can create my own gamer bathwater.
Don't give up and never give in
This episode is real! O_O
Quitters never win and winners never quit
Did anyone else notice the "music used" section now has the songs in it?
was Not ready for this one
But gamers don't shower...
I'm definitely remembering the 21st night of September now because of this video.
I've always wanted to smear Microsoft on my head!
He must've needed to shower after that Axe
Scott actually teased this video in the previous one. At the end, he said "What else was I gonna do with the apartment today, take a bath?" And look at him now.
Acor the woz digest 😟🎃😱
What did I watch Scott, WHAT!!
Love yourself first and most
2 uploads in one week? you madman, scott!
How many people clicked and was disappointed Scott was not shirtless in the tub :P lol
Yes yes this seems normal.
34k views in 6 minutes
Hang on to your dreams
I ❤️ this video
I’m still waiting for another release of Yugioh soap
We just had an earthquake here in Australia and I feel like blaming Scott for it for no other reason than it would be funny.
Don't drop the Space Invader soap, or else it will be covered in hay. I wasn't talking about the space invader soap.
Ok this is going to sound stupid. But did Scott really put soap in his mouth? I can’t tell
Finally things I need to take a shower
I thought the cat food was beans
Introducing The shortest Scott the Woz video you have ever seen!
nice description
I can’t handle this much Scott in 3 days
2 videos back to back scott you spoil us
I ❤️ this channel
SCOTT SHOWERING?!?!
Keep it up on your work and this channel
Ah yes. It's always been my dream to  scrub my crotch with an extra terrestrial lifeform.
This is what I live for 🔥
Next up: fucking PlayStation themed acne wash
I feel like Scott is moving out of his apartment and is trying to do all the ridiculous thing's he's always wanted to in there before his lease runs out.
What is a bath?
A surprise to be sure but a welcome one
What… Why…
Xbox soap seems like it will smell like doritos and mountain dew
Hm.
Wow this is short
Now the L button episode HAS to come out
Finally I can shower like an intellectual
Scott why did you eat the Xbox soap   why did you eat the other soap too   no
Gamer soap is one of the best ways to protect you're virginity.
3:13 It also helps you attract boyfriend-free girls
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.
If anyone's been to a smash tourney then you know it's appreciated that there's gamer soap
what
Love this type of short extra video Keep em coming Bozzman
I THINK THIS IS THE FIRST TIME EVER THAT SCOTT POSTED TWICE IN A ROW
why did you make this.
Scott the woz Bath scene episode 😳
This'll be great material for all of those "Scott the Woz - Out of Context" videos
Pan
Sillly Scott, baths were made as a conversation piece nobody was supposed to actually use them
And then after the bath you can use the Cloud/Sephiroth cologne to top it all off
never change scott
Eh, I've been to a smash tournament. Baths aren't as popular with gamers as you think.
Let’s appreciate what Scott put himself through for this video.
I think you need a bath
Being in Australia, tem;ted to buy the Lynx/AXE (Its NA name) Xbox line but then I remembered I'm not a dudebro 😉
I’m just here for the snacks. Sega should come back with rip off goldfish
Scott posting a random video on your birthday is honestly the best gift a guy could ask for. Thank you Scott I’ll be expecting your card soon
Scott is a madman, he actually devoted an entire 3 and a half minute video to this topic
i love bathing with myself
This is a topic that was totally unexpected. But anything unexpected is expected to be done by Scott Wozniak
The only true way to get gamers to bath is by making a Madden 08 branded line of soap.
This video is just pain incarnate
Scott the Tuesday
i love bathing with myself
I’m impressed, Scott. You finally released a video that’s shorter than your outro
Very pog I can finally own an Xbox product
I was not expecting this
HEYYYYYY YALLLLLLLL
How is this only 3 minutes
Number 1 on Top 10 Gaming Controversies of 2021. I will never bathe as a gamer Scott.
Hey y’all Scott h ………..
scott the woz is starting to feel like a parody of himself
What's happening
Scott really speedrunning his own videos now
That grout is nasty AF gotta clean the mold my guy
Master Chief cologne should be a thing like imagine smelling like aliens gun powder, death, and sentient biomass the sales would *flood* in
2 scott videos this month? I’m blessed
oh no oh god oh why have you done this aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa-
Do you remember the 21st bath of Scottember
IVE BEEN WAITING YEARS TO BATHE SCOTT I NEVER KNEW HOW UNTIL NOW YOU HAVE SHOWED ME THAT MARIO GOLF IS IN MY TUB I WILL NOW BATHE THANK YOU
I guess Scott got his stuff back from being robbed
Scott the Woz is canonically a smash player
soap mctavish
I thought the title was a shitpost
This was weird... ly enjoyable
Thought this was a parody for a second until I saw the verification badge on the channel name.
This is unexpected but welcome.
3:13 Chris Chan moment
Scott was able to acquire the Xbox soap after Ohio annexed Australia
I... was not expecting this. How is Scott's end ziggers so good; even on lame jokes like this.
I turn 18 in like 4 hours and I'm so happy that scott talking about gamer baths is one of the last things I'll do.
thanks
Scott please hire me to clean your tile I will work at a reasonable price.
why?
I’m able watch YouTube for only 5 minutes the first time all day thank you for this blessing
Oh heck yes a double feature but he had the soap in his mouth. We might not see him after this
Oh goody! I always wanted to smell like old sugar!
Love that intro
I can watch anything that is on this channel
this man actually ate shampoo for a 3 second bit, this is the dedication i expect from content creators
Wtf did this come from?
Dog food
I'm from Australia and I can confirm that it's weird when I see Xbox soap at the store
Well that was unexpected. Scott took a bath and made a video on it. Huh
Bed, Bath, and Beyond fans are squealing right now.
That was a good 3 minutes of my life
I love the idea that Scott bathes with his clothes on
Holy shit gamers and baths?? Wtf
Every gamer needs a way to clean themselves after playing the guy game
With all these products, gamers must smell amazing!
Gamers don't bath. Fake products
An extra, shorter Scott the Woz video just 2 days after the last one? Wow, whatever humanity's been up to lately, god must be a fan.
1:43
Next in the Scott the Woz merch store: *Scott's bath water*
I can’t wait for the Bath Games episode.
How to attract a gamer gf 101
Wow a video about things most people that play video games never do
Finally, video game themed self-cleaning.
I want to eat that apple flavored Xbox jelly
Nobody suspected Scott would make this video
Fun fact: You could actually see this episode in his Scott's Stash video on Borderline Forever editing techniques in his Final Cut Pro libraries.
This is the best Scott the Woz episode. It has baths
It’s funny that he got int the tub with jeans and a hoodie I didn’t know what to expect but I’m not disappointed lol
How are there already 1000+ comments, it's only been 15 minutes since the video came out.
Love you Scott but the mom in me needs you to bleach your grout. 💙
The existence of Melee players disproves your bath fans = gamers hypothesis
Scott made a video less then 10 minutes
I saw this notification and drew a bath so could watch this video in it
💗😻👾🙀💓🔮😻💗
THIS IS THE VIDEO I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR 🤩
Damn sorry Melee community I must bathe
Glad I live in an age where this video exists.
🤢GAMER FUNK🤢
For Christmas 2019 I was excited to see what I would get and the first gift I unwrapped was a set of Mario Shampoo          After that I didn't have high hopes for the rest of my gifts It shows how video game companies will know people will buy anything
scott the woz bath water for $5 million per tbsp
Yo!
b
FINALLY!! Now I have an insentive to wash myself thanks to the funny Mario shampoo! :D
"Did you know using body spray eliminates your need for showers?" Scott, no. Don't be Chris Chan.
dafuq did i just watch XD
I couldn't tell if this was a real or parody/ fan made scott the woz video before I clicked on it.
I feel this is some type of jab towards the Smash community. lol
That must be the shortest Scott the Woz video ever yet it‘s quality as always.
Scott took that Xbox to the face like achamp
I don't know what to say, but here's a comment to support the video lol.
it's a good day when Scott gives a PSA on self hygiene
I feel like he realized XBOX shampoo was a thing but as there isn't much of this he just had to stopped with what he had
wha
Hey all scott here
I usually associate “game” and “bath” with something else entirely, so this is a nice breath of non-degenerate fresh air
Canonically the first time we ever saw Scott bathe. Wow.
Oh thank goodness, I don't know what I would have done if I couldn't watch Scott bathe this week.
Everyone atleast had ONE of those bath bubble games
Very nice
I would LOVE to see the bloopers of this video.
Still waiting for L button video Scott
Seting in a bath while in full clothing, the quads on his man are unreal  How many people will get the reference?
XD
Imagine if they made a tetris version of this and all the different bottles included were tetris pieces that fit together I mean I wouldn't buy it but it would be cool to stare at for like 30 seconds
this is a topic that I have never related to less, thank you for showing me what soap is scott!
I would definitely like to see the behind the scenes of this episode.
No partially nude Scott, but I can't hate a man who gives me such joy
What we all wanted Scott with Xbox body wash! Finally, Scott takes a shower! Now if only he'll do laundry.
1:11 Don’t lie to yourself Scott, you totally do care ‘bout that.
Jesus it's just joke after joke after joke how does this man keep pulling so many in such a small amount of time!
this coming after scott played P4? this cannot be a coincidence, finally the hot springs scenes made something good
ah yes , xbox shampoo
Scott publishes 2 videos a week. Nooooooo way
HELL YEAH NEW SCOTT
This is just unbridled chaos and it’s great
Less than five minutes: ✅ Scott the Woz: ✅ Funny: ✅ Congrats, Scott,  this will appear in everyone's recomended tab
Short and sweet!
Well that was a pleasant surprise.
I’d like that sonic bath toy
another video? take a break scott
If gaming and life had a baby
The fact that scott got through this episode without cracking a smash joke is impressive to me.
I just saw ScottTheWoz bathing. Always thought I was gonna have to pay to see that.
The shortest episode yet so brilliant at the same time
gamers and baths, truly one in the same, like water and fire, like the ocean and air, like Castro and non-dairy milk based products
I got the notification while in the bathtub. Best time for Scott the Woz Gamer bath episodes!
3:12 competitive smash moment
im surprised there were this many things to talk about
Never thought I would see this is my recommended, but I'm so glad it was.
Didn’t expect it, didn’t ask for it, watched on the toilet at 1am and thoroughly enjoyed it
My favorite Scott Wozniak video in years
LOL
Wut
Cone get your “before one hour” token
Are you okay man?   Your eyes seem kinda tired, If you need a rest take one
Body spray does eliminate your need for showers. Can confirm.
"I need you to come over and dump dog food on my head." A totally normal thing for a person to say to another person.
i love it when a scott video is less than 10 minutes because he always crams in the best jokes in that time frame
Fuck yeah
Personal hygiene
Woah
2 Videos IN A WEEK??? Scott are you crazy????
Okay why is this everything I needed in 3 minutes. solid 10/10
woahhh another?
I just watch all of his short video like Chia Pet, As Seen on TV and now this
2:21 OH NO NOT A SHAPE
Don't talk to me until you've bathed in Super Mario Sunshine Official Water. That's the good stuff.
The thumbnail is just cursed
that sure was an episode!
3 MINUTES? THATS IT?
if EA made a shampoo, it would smell like money
This is a lie, gamers don't bathe
Scott got weird with this one, I think his true decent to madness is beginning
1:41, how he says it, Scott sounds like an airplane. And also he put a bunch of like tomato sauce on his head for a two second gag - dedication.
A part of me is like, why did he make this video and another part of is like why does he have Hay, then I remember Scott does what triggers he's ocd
Scott shows off a product that gamers.. tolerate?  Loved the jokes in this one, awesomely clean video :)
Hey what?
if Scott the Wok had an OnlyFans  It would just be him in his bathtub Fully Clothed and people will still find it hot
This proves he's a gamer
there was no stupid Nintendo games in this video, just stupid Nintendo and Xbox products
Wow was not expecting this to be 3 mins long nice
ive never felt so uncomfortable watching scott the woz
scott why
I'm proud to be Australian
wtfwtfwtf did i just watch aaaaaa
I always love these short surprise Scott the Woz episodes
This is my favorite video ever and it's existence is baffling.
i saw the thumbnail and thought it was a parody
Ah finally scott takes a bath. Hes been stinking up ohio
I hate when I buy bars of soap only to discover they are just a bunch of rectangles.
This feels old like the stop smoking video. CONSTANT COMEDY.
Where’s the L button soap at? 😏
“It allows XBOX on your head like never before”  *Brain trauma*
The last joke was a chris-chan reference
Was just watching Glink's smelly smash players video, holy shit
AVGN: Talks about Nintendo Power Magazine Scott the Woz: "I need a bath."
finally. a scottthewoz micro episode
Am I watching a fever dream
Let’s goooo two in a week!
I'm more of a PS4 guy, but yknow I'll take a shower with anything since my last one in April when I was pranked into one.
Alright. Who else had "Scott The Woz video on gaming-related bathing products" on their 2021 bingo card?
... WHAT IS THE UNIVERSE!?!?  WHAT IS LIFE!?!?!?
Can you get lung cancer from laughing for an extended period of time? Asking for a friend
Yea I'm a gamer, how could you tell?
how many other people want to see mini episodes like these on like wednesdays so we have something to munch on while we wait for the next full episode?
I didn’t expect this
Haven’t expected a new episode so soon. Refreshing
So you're telling me I need Luigi in the tub to shower?
well, now we know what those artisanal soap-makers need to work on next--actual space-invaders soap where the lines don't come off! ...nevermind, let Safiya Nygaard do it, she loves messing around with this kind of stuff.
2 Scott videos in the same week? This is preposterous! I love it!
???
This video was applauded just 5 minutes before my bath time... What a coincidence.
Great!! Now I can finally game & bathe
Scott just... Why
“Xbox, wash hair.”
Fun little one
he actually did this
Thats a thing thqt exists?!
smash community should take note
Okay. Who came up with this idea?
This video left me with more questions than answers, but at least it's short so I can watch it again.
Loved the video as some people say "short but sweet" but where is the video about the L button Scott?
Well, that was fast
Every middle school student "Did you know that body spray eliminates your need for showers"
Golf in the Bath?  Sounds like my kinda Day
X-Box Body Wash: Mountain Dew Edition
This video makes me deeply uncomfortable with the whole clothes in the bath thing.
This has got to be the weirdest video Scott's ever made.
Scott Week? 😳
Who disliked this video
Finally a Scott the woz episode made for Me!
Scott is running out of ideas.
A true gamer doesn't bathe, but rather marinates in Super Mario branded spaghetti-os
Back to back! Nice!
Gosh, I love you Scott
I've said it once and I'll say it again Scott could talk about soap and make it entertaining
I love this shorter unexpected Scott Videos, they make my weekday better lol
2 Scott videos in the span of 2 days       Hell yeah!!!!!
This is what I love about Scott. He's always making cool, informative videos introducing us to obscure topics. I mean, who of us has ever heard of bathing?
We get this but not the L button
*referring to baths*  “I haven’t had one yet this year”  I didn’t realize Scott was a competitive Smash Bros player
That "Think, Mark. Think" refrence in the description tho!!
2 day gap?
Showering AND being a virgin forever? My dreams!
Funny to assume that I don’t bring my Xbox into the bath with me! 😈
I love how Scott always commits to the bit. Man has dedication.
That not-Venn diagram implies all gamers are Australian.
What's your problem with God?
Okay, this was a short episode. Might be the shortest yet.
What why? I’m not complaining, but why?
Scott basically got his pants wet for a gag.
I Cant Wait For The Scott The Woz, Bath And Shaving Bundle
Babe wake up new Scott The Woz lore
Water-Based Handheld Games - Scott The Woz
Can't believe you forgot the Super Mario Bros. Shampoo by Revlon (the favourite shampoo of australian bathtime gamers)
Scott: Do you know using body spray eliminates your need for showers. That one kid in 8th grade: My knowledge is far beyond your understanding.
What?
Now we can do something Scott does, bathe! I'm assuming
Hay
Scott Is Back!
what a great skit! pleasant suprise!!
1:29 Scott bought a Bale of Hay for a 4 second gag.  *I appreciate your effort.*
We’re Getting Closer To The L Button Episode Guys
That diagram you used is slightly inaccurate.  Studies show that Smash players don't bathe.
3 minutes ago I had no idea game baths were a thing. That was a nice time, 3 minutes ago
If scott dies all comedy of the world will be gone
Game and baths go together like  peanut butter and hair      I never said it was a good match
Lmao, like
I thought this was a fake video from a knockoff channel at first.
Posted and 5 minutes later.. 12k views hahaha you da man Scott 🤘🏝
Scott must stunk, which is weird because getting another scott the woz vid within 3 days sure doesn't sink
I can imagine Scott going into the shower with a super Nintendo bar of soap and coming out the shower ranting about the stray pixel in super Mario world's title screen.
No way does Scott the Woz actually have the 1988 bathtub "Tub" edition collector's set, only 20 of them were ever made, and 15 burned down in the SEGA Dreamcast tub collector's convention
I can't believe Scott became a twitch streamer
if gamers and bath enthusiasts are one and the same how come I haven't showered since man first roamed the Earth
Make the l button
Finally
Well I supposed technically with the way some "gamers" are the diagram would be a bit smaller when it comes to gamers and bathing.....One trip to E3 or a gaming convention instantly tells you that some gamers thing that bathing and or deodorant is optional.
My favorite non Smash Bros content
I clicked immediately so seeing game baths as the title scared me
The venn diagram between me and baths just got a little closer to being a circle.
How much for a jar of Scott The Woz’s bath water?
As soon as I start downloading Pokemon Picross on my 2DS to mod it this pops up  Coincidence? I think not
I saw this notification and got a bit concerned and curious
Gotta clean between the tiles bro
“I am feeling pretty underage today”  - Grown Adults who still want to go trick or treating
WTF did I just wacth
I always wanted a bath tub, but every time I went to the grocery store they were sold out
Finally, something relatable to the masses
I never knew an episode on baths could somehow be so gross. I loved it
Ever since hardcore gaming was invented there was always bathing and shower products right behind it
And people ask why I use so much body spray.
Are you telling me scott actually ended up bathing with his clothes on for a 3:32 minute vid?
hey scott, all here:)
Hello, This is Scott?
Me at 8 pm on Tuesday: Did Scott just make a video on game baths at 8pm on Tuesday?!
what
Scott uploading on a Tuesday  Wait- WHAT
1:43 Scott put 100% commitment in that fall
A short but sweet video, nice!
Are we gonna start having shorts now?
Don’t get taken advantage of! Always make sure that your gamer-girl bath water was formulated with real Space Invaders soap!
I had an angry birds one of these as a kid
Scott is seriously the only person who can make a video about f!@king soap and actually make it entertaining.
That...was the...entire video??!!??
Mini Scott The Woz episodes. also known as scott th
Soct can i get game
What is this 😂
bathcon 2014 was a disaster
hm
Hehehe Axe-box
Scott always smelling like an Xbox is now canon in Scott lore
scott i want your gamer boy bath water
Short Scott videos are the best because he can just fire out pure quality over something unbelievably obscure
I love bathes
what
Oh no "y'all", he's running out of material.
Did you know body spray eliminates your need for showers? 🗿
Make a video about Nightshade and go full JonTron.
Could use some hay   -Scott the woz
cool
SCOTT WHAT ABOUT THE L BUTTON SHAPED SOAP????
This is already one of Scott Wozniak’s best videos!
The way for me to stay clean is by pressing L+R+Select to reset myself.
"Could use some haaay" is going to be permanently engraved into my mind now
I just took a shower before seeing this.
1000 veiws in 4 min scott your a mad man
now were's the L button
epic vid
Just throwing it out there. Id buy the water
Middle School Locker Rooms: 3:12
Hey Scott, All here.
How is there enough gamer bath stuff to do a whole video on it?!
Wow amazing beautiful
I dont like how my mind snuck the word “girl” into that title.
When you want your daily dose of Scott the Woz but you go to work in 5 minutes
obligatory clean your bathroom comment
I don't know why Scott getting hit in the face by an Xbox made me laugh so hard.
Finally Scott took a bath!
Ironically I just showered
Scott is Just Wating For the Wario Bath Set
Nooo the middle schoolers are going to take the last joke seriously Nooooooooo the world is going to go into a stink age thanks scott
the world would be thrown into chaos is nintendo makes a smash bros bath kit
Hi
Two videos in one week! Let's go!!!
I like this
This is probably the most destruction caused in a Scott the Woz video yet, and I love it.
This was way to short but i liked it a lot
We need a behind the scenes video for this
Short and sweet, just the way I like 'em.
Nice
Two days after another upload to make sure Melee fans see this.
Shortest Scott the Woz video ever lol
Scott noooooo, too short, I want long video! I want non-stop Scott the Woz!
I was thrown off hard with 2 episodes in 3 days
Kris get the banana
Scott the w o z has the personality of someone who never had parents growing up
Ah yes, bringing back the 3 min long vids
I can imagine Scott blowing the axe spray off a second after the camera cut
What
This should've been an hour long at least
nothing quite like a Scott the Woz quickie
Gamer bath soap definitely goes great with Gamer girl bath water .
Hey scatt
i like these short little videos, sometimes i just need to microdose some scott the woz
Well that episode just kind of happened I mean I’m not complaining
Now that was a good short video.
3:12 I think Scott just quoted every existing teenager
"Did you know that using body spray eliminates your need for showers?" Back when I was in middle school, there were a lot of kids who unironically believed this. I'm pretty sure the combination of prepubescent musk and copious amounts of AXE made the hallways a biohazard.
My relatives actually got me some of that XBOX Body products for Christmas one time.  Think they were trying to tell me I’m a gamer.
Can't wait to see you at Too Many Games on the 9th!
I don’t think I’ve ever seen such a short Scott the woz video
What a fever dream
Short and sweet. I love it.
Scott..
Best three and a half minutes of my life
Finally.
i was waiting for the beach episode but this is fine
2 videos a week my lord he is spoiling us
I love this short video variants! They are just jam packed of comedy in a small package!
God I love Scott Skits
Would you take a bath in Xbox Flavored Shampoo? Todd Howard would.
3:00 if you look closely, you can see the soap starting g to drip into his mouth
Hey Scott, all here.
Three minutes ☹️
this one is one of the greats, i can already tell
Last Also this video is absolutely hilarious
Xbox groomers be like
Scott The Woz: Episode 216 - 84 from 300.
I HONESTLY THOUGHT THIS WAS A JOKE oh wait it was
This a short one
To this day he is still spraying axe body spray
body spray DOES eliminate the need for showers
Love these videos
This was one fever dream of a video
Uhh what?
Is this the shortest episode?
2 videos in 2 DAYS?? Scott.. you spoil us too much.
the L button video awaits
Solid short episode on par with speed dating
THIS IS FUCKING COOL
This is the quickest I've ever clicked on a notification to a video.  Ever since the start of YouTube it's been my dream to see someone big on the internet who hates chibi-robo zip lash, shared a corn dog from Sonic with three guys, and isn't an RPG guy to talk about video game baths, I hoped and I hoped but it seemed to be impossible.  And eventually, I gave up.  But now, after all these years, I finally get to experience my life-long dream.  Thank you Scott Wozniak.  Thank you
Scott eats soap for us. Respect.
Scott's lucky, he can make a hole in one in the shower.
We can appreciate that he’s willing to bathe fully clothed for a video.
Body spray is the only self care item a gamer needs
What did I just watch
I can't tell if this is a early or late April fools Day  video
Babe wake up, new Scott episode!
Great day when Scott uploads
Oh, so THAT’S why people say Smash players don’t shower.  They take baths instead!
Bath and game(r) does not belong in the same sentence
IS THIS A JOKE
This feels like a classic episode of Woz
Ah yes, Scott’s back.
Well, I’m confused.  Also, I now want XBox shampoo
Awesome!
the Smash Bros community lives outside of that bath fans circle for sure
Now we need an actual L button episode Scott. That would be a dream come true
That was short
Scott trying to tell us he became a hot tub streamer gamer girl
For a millisecond I thought it was April First.
I needed this today
Scott willingly put soap and body wash in his mouth, nothing can stop this man.
for someone who watches scott’s videos years after they’re released, im surprised im this early
its been 2 fucking days
holy short content
Scott reviewed gaming bathing products, next he's either doing gaming based life support systems or the illusive L button video
“It’s xbox on your head like never before” **scott dies** Oh my god
virgin gamer bath water
Wtf lmao, I spotted this in your borderline editing video, I guess it's true
Damn that was fast
Two vids in one week!
I just had an earthquake but sure Scott I'll listen to 3 minutes of Game Baths
Short af
This is clearly foreshadowing Scott's future bathtub streams
Chris Chan reference at the end
Every time I take a bath I bring my copy of King Of Clubs on Wii with me
At last, the soap episode
I LOVE this
Ah yes, the perfect way to follow an earthquake in Melbourne, Australia.  Watch Scott the Woz.
Oh boy, another short and stupid Scott the Woz episode!
i always love random tuesday uploads
omg amazing
oh damn scott made a video on xbox shampoo
Games clean your body, but not your brain
now this a worthwhile topic!
2 Scott Videos in the same week? HELL YES!!!
This video is just Scott's excuse to put a hay bale in a bathtub
That sure was a video
amazing surprise video
Pog
never clicked so fast after a premiere of another video
I was watching your cameo on Caddy's episode about portable Crash Bandicoot games when you uploaded this video.
Posted right as I'm getting into the shower.  Gamer time.
3:12 every middle school boy ever
do you think god knew this was gonna happen? do you think he was too afraid to warn people?
Scott is the man. Love your content brother.
1:00 man I hate it when I can’t  play golf in the bath
Scott don’t check the toilet
This feels like a acid trip
Finally i can smell like a gamer
How does he never run out of ideas?
Wtf
is steam down for anyone else
Scofg
First thing I thought when I saw the title was 'Scott-flavored bathwater'. I'd buy.
man could upload a video where he talks about chairs for an hour and i'd watch it
Pog
2 days in a row let's go!
Sex in the bath has never become more critical until now
They should make a Wario Land Shake It soap
I’ve seen those xbox lynx things before
Scott I seen this video titles drunk and now I think my sleep tonight is ruined
“Hey babe. me and you? Bath for two? Mario body wash?”
I wonder what would happen if Scott did a video on Paper Mario Sticker Star.
Ok I watched this before I was going to shower
Gamer-bath bathwater
Doing what the smash community could not...
was not expecting this
Yes
I never cease to be amazed whenever Scott comes up with another video idea.
Could use some hay.
i havent bathed in multiple years
This is a video that is essential to society
Scott is gonna start uploading more than Jacksfilms
0:18 There's no ven diagram between bath fans and gamers... It's just a circle  I guess I can put "bath fan" on my resume now!
Back to back uploads? That’s strange
Wait, on a Tuesday?
1:15 I remember seeing those types of fill em up with water games in places like super markets and dollar stores.
Oh my gosh I saw the 2 minutes ago and was so glad I stayed up so late I love you omll
What a coincidence, i love taking baths
The lengths he went to for a joke is amazing
Something something Gamer Girl Bath Water.
Havent clicked as fast
Yeeeeeessss
Every anime needs filler at some point
I never got into game baths, I've always used cartoon baths. I wish it was the other way around. I would rather bathe with Space Invaders instead of Spongebob
Thank you scatt we are being spoiled
short but good
I don’t know where this came from, but I’ll bite.
ah yes my, favorite xbox skin jelly
I love the smell of virgin
Ah yes, the precursor to Gamer Girl bath water
I love the intros sm
490 comments in 2 minutes wow
I love using my Xbox collectors addition soap, you can feel how limited it really is!
Would you call these kinds of videos he uploads shitposts? If so then Scott has to be one of the best shitposters on YouTubers
predicting the reposting of "i need a bath"
You Know what will be a good Episode... BoardGames that turn into VideoGames
HE ATE SOAP
IT'S A SCOTT THE WOZ VIDEO FOR THE *REST* OF US!
A 2 IN ONE SPECIAL
Scott is progressively tripping out more with these episode ideas.  Edit: WHERE IS GAMER GIRL BATHWATER?
I’m taking a bath and this video got released.  WHAT
Australians are the true Xbox gamers and Scott knows it.
No swearing please.
Unexpected Scott!
best scott the woz video
The fact Scott put soap in his mouth for a simple skit is amazing.
He hasn't taken a bath in 5 years. True gamer energy.
2 videos in one week? The gods have blessed us with double Scott. Thank our lord and savior gex
thanks youtube I did ask for some *REAL* content
The 21st night of September
Two STW episodes in one week!? Decemberween came early!
If you can afford a $500 console you can afford xbox shampoo
*I CAN FINALLY BATHE IN MARIO.*
So that’s what a quickie is ?
Sell your gamer bath water
My god 2 in a row
Why does Australia have Xbox soap
XBox "Skin Jelly" was not a phrase I anticipated on hearing today, gotta level with you on that one Scott.
There’s no way this actually happened before I bought soap and before the L button
Oh boy! Now I can finally play Mario Golf in the shower!
This isn't a Sunday!?
Ah yes Xbox skin jelly ( : yum
now I know why he thought he was playing mario before drowning.
LETS GOOOOOOOO SCOTT YOU’RE AWESOME
bath.
i thought this was a shitpost judging by the thumbnail
this man is the only person who could talk about soap and still entertain me
I died laughing as soon as I saw the tittle
2 Scott episodes in a week? Am I dreaming?!
As far as things I expected to see today go, a 3 minute official Scott the Woz video on Gaming Bathing was far down on the list.
Wtf?? 2 videos in the same week??
1 minute 286 comments. Holy hell people at least watch the video first. I have a bottle of that xbox shampoo for guests.
Mid week mini video. What a treat!
I was waiting for this one
2 videos in 2 days? very cool scot, very cool
The fact I watched the first 7 seconds without sound and could hear Scott's voice in perfect clarity should indicate something
Finally, this was a much needed episode.
Now this is worth it
Whoa what! I was on the toilet where the fuck did this come from?!
This is the greatest monday bonus of all time.
Who doesn’t love game baths
Where's my L button video Scott.
Like if you’re part of the 1 minute gang
Scott Bath water.
I have one of those it was great
A super smash bros themed shampoo would sell millions.
what.
Can’t wait for the deleted shower scene
Was that fuckin cat food
scott knows that we will watch anything gaming over 10 minutes. But will we watch gamer bath related content under 10 minutes?
This has to be the most bizarre Scott the woz episode yet.  I love it.
I forgot that Xbox soap ever existed, but it's come rushing back to me now. Thanks, a lot. Really, thank you...
Silly Scott everyone knows the average gamer doesn’t clean themselves
Nice he got a haircut the same day as me
Playing golf in the bath actually sounds really cool.
I love game baths
I love gaming AND eating soap! This is the perfect video for me!
Literally watching this whole starting my bath
Xbox Shampoo
scott goes blind after getting cereal poured on his eyes
Wait... Gamers take baths?
Gamer and bath have been combined
Scott the Woz bath water
Babe wake up, Scott The Woz uploaded a new video!
Nintendo shampoo when
It’s interesting no one has finished this vid
I’ve always wanted to bathe with Sonic 2 with a line
We need a Gaming Bath. Only then will console wars cease to exist.
all right, bonus scott!
My gaming console (a toaster) runs better in the bath
TUBCON 2021 Being canceled made me depressed, so disappointed I couldn’t go D:
YEAH
Early to a scott episode lets go!
This man is insane
1st likes
Mario golf bath rush
This is by far the most on-brand video Scott has ever produced
This random schedule is awesome
Hey all, gaming here       I'm suing you
00:16 The first lie Scott tried to tell me
What?
what
Relatively short video, but what should I expect from a video called Game Baths?
Scott how much for your bath water?
scott! you caught me at a mexican restaurant!
Two episodes back to back
Hello
Xbox shampoo   Xbox shampoo
Yo this is wack, I thought most gamers didnt bathe or shower... What is going on?
Where the KFC shampoo at
How!
It's not an anime if there's no bathhouse episode
It’s a circle
I’m starting to think Scott is doing everything he can do instead of making the L button episode
Wow 2 videos in a row
2 Scott the Woz videos in 2 days is one of the best things to ever happen
What else was I gonna do today? Shower?
Scott only fans leak
It's amazing how many videos Scott does every week, I don't think he sleeps anymore.
Finally, the long awaited Scott bathtime episode
The worlds shortest Scott the Woz video
My guy having the time of his life
Scott is releasing videos like no tomorrow
Scott ya nuts mate. 2 vids in a week? Are you ok?
Finally! The bath video is here, I’ve always wanted it!
I would love love to bath with gex shampoo
I’ve had these sonic shampoo and body wash on my toilet for literal years
Nice.
NO WAY
No one:   Scott, to prevent himself from being demonetized: Bathes with clothes on.
I love these episodes almost more than the normal ones. Scott is a fantastic joke writer so to see videos like the Chia pet video again is great to see.
da dog doin
First
wait, scott actually takes a bath?
Xbox skin jelly was the thing I needed to hear
“he all” I’m early here
As an Aussie , good stuff
Anyone want to take a bath with a virgin?
Scott it’s been two days since your last upload. Take a break your life depends on it
Click like and claim your first hour ticket
It has gotten better when Scott uploads twice in a week.
2 ScottTheWoz videos in 3 days? Guess Christmas came twice this year
EARLY LES FRICKING GO BOIS
hell yeah a 3 minute scott the woz video on a tuesday idk what i was expecting but it wasn’t this
1 minute ago
This lad made a review on fucking SOAP
Is this hinting at Scott the Woz™ Gamer guy bath water?
What-
I need a Scott the Woz bath water to fulfill my current bathwater collection
That pepto bottle has seen some shit
The Bath filler arc
Scott with the double upload week!
Hey I took one
i never knew these things existed
Hey Scott... all here :)
Scott isn’t afraid of getting in a bathtub full of water with clothes on. This man here is legendary.
Gamer bathwater? …How much
haha, what?
wha
This looks like a video from Fake Scott thumbnails
wow, two videos in one week, either it's a first or a rare sight to see
I play Kinect games please have mercy on me
How does this video have 180 comments and 423 views after being uploaded for only a minute
SCOTT YOU POSTED 2 VIDEOS IN THE SAME WEEK I DONT DESERVE THIS
Finally, I refused to bathe until Scott showed me how
hell yes i fucking LOVE baths
So we have a bath episode, what’s next paper episode?
hey scott 👋
Ey
Scott: I haven’t gotten a bath this year. Me:WhAt
We know Scott, we know.
YEAH DISCOUNT BEACH EPISODE
I too would like to bathe with my favorite video game character.
Here before the title changes
Can’t wait for the Chibi Robo Zip Lash bath to release!
I haven’t had one in 1000 years
211 comments in only 1 min of this vid being released
holy crap scott makes 2 videos this week?????? this is a revelation
Love this short vids
E
"Hey all, Scott here. I need a bath"
Here before that weird guy who always says claim your first token
I love these shorter mid week Wozisodes
I did not expect 2 in one week...     huh?
“Xbox skin jelly”  -Scott the Woz 2021
I refuse to take a shower without Master Chief limited edition shampoo bottle
Eeee
Hell yea nudity
Scott can really make a video about anything.
2 scott videos a week!? Not complaining
It‘s been one day since your last one, and you made another one? God does exist.
2 uploads in one week?
Epic
Right as I finished the last video :)
Wait what
Scott drinks Belle Delphines water calling it now
holy shit another scott video
I wonder if this man will run out of video ideas one day
I’m from Australia
I was really feeling sad and then I saw he uploaded now I'm happy
Nice
I'm watching this in the bath
....wow just wow
Gamers 2.0
155 views, 585 likes
Bath salts
Scott can make a video out of anything
Gonna watch this before i go to shower irl
Scott’s new upload schedule is fantastic
first to comment
Now this is truly unexpected
29th to view, 46th to comment
We live in a society, guys.
First 1k?
2 videos in 3 days?! Damn you’re putting in work!
Scott can talk about anything and it’s still gonna be interesting.
Don’t think we’ve had a short Scott episode in a while
About to take my first shower of the decade! wish me luck
he needs a bath.
Is Xbox shampoo 100% gamer?
damn Scott really let himself go
No
“I need a bath” How could you, I thought you where a gamer
That intro is definitely making its way to a future "Scott the Woz out of context" video
hes so fucking pretty
let's go
hi scott
Dang
Scott’s squeaky clean
I love when I start rewatching Scott's videos and a new one appears from nowhere
Ahh yes bath games next to toilet eating
My mom is in the hospital can i get a hey yall scott?
This is a new low. Thanks, Scott :)
A little early for april fools  Gamers dont bathe
The bath special
Funni.
E
Finally I've been asking him to do this for years.
WHAT?!?
My favourite bath bomb is a toaster
Woah
Spaghetti
Randomest Scott vid yet
I need a bath
What the fuck I’m bathing now.
Damn 2 videos in a week
Ff: no one has watched this whole video all the way through
You know the regular bath review
BATHS?!?!?!?!?
Lol
WHAT
For a second, I thought this video was fake. Hilarious.
I wasn't expecting a Scott the Woz video with this title.
Geuse I’m not
So quick it’s not even showing on the channel
It ain't no L Button, but this'll do.
They took 1 look at Belle Delphine and went: WRITE THAT DOWN! WRITE THAT DOWN!
There are no limits to the sheer genius of this man
“Scott talks about the one thing Gamers don’t do.” There, wrote a description..  Also, I’d totally get Xbox deodorant.
Let’s go
Hey yall 😎👉👉
2 videos a week??!?!? 😦
A return to shorts. How I missed these.
Woah an uploaded in 2 weeks, Am I in heaven?
A 3 min Scott eh woz episode on Tuesday what
I mean he’s not wrong
Glad that we live in an age where i can take my Nintendo Switch into the shower to never stop playing!
Holy shit scott the woz
Two episodes in one week?! This is a treat!
What
Scott promised this episode like 3 months ago, glad to see he delivered  Edit: wtf is going on in the replies
"Good timing"
What the fuck is this
Hello
Bath
Yo what now
3 year olds be like : 1:50
Ha game bath
It’s funny they think gamers bathe
Double scott
Balls
Hello
But it’s Tuesday
I got cockblocked help
what
Epic gamer moment
Thank you.
Hey a quickie
What
2 fucking seconds in and I’m already dying laughing
Extra video big pog
1st
SCOTT
Woah woah 5 days earlier?
A Scott short?
Hi Scott
Oh yes! 2 videos in 1 week!
Scott on a Tuesday? What an awesome surprise!
Less goo
yes scott i needed this
Huh
Skatt
There's more comments then views
holy fucking shit scott the woz uploaded twice in a week
Zaddy Scott
Wot
Last 😎
This episode title’s and existence seems so surreal but this is Scott after all
Finally,  short video
we eating good today
Didnt he already upload this week?
E
I was about to start homework but hell no, Scott comes first!
Is this the guy who owns sonic 2 with a line
Clean me
Scott smells like a gamer 😤
whaaaaaaat
Does Scott play rpgs
He's done it. He's officially jumped the shark and is now talking about gamer baths
Hi
Scott needs a bath, y'all.
nice
What
Silly Scott, gamers don’t bathe!
Insert Scott the woz bath water joke here
Hey all
New Scott vid
not even this would get gamers to take a bath
woah i’m very early
2 videos in the week...WHAT THE HELL!?
i need a bath too, scott
Daddy Scott
Two scott vids in the same week POG
Yo
This is awesome
smash fans: NOOOOOOOOOOOO
36
hi
Wooo
I need a bath
There’s no way this actually happened before I bought soap and before the L button.  *Update 2 weeks later* I just bought soap L button still isn't here thought
1st
This is proof Scott can pull anything from his ass and make it work
Hey y’all Scott here!
I did not expect this video…
gamer moment
fr
Wiwkwkwo
Huh
I like bath gamers
Hey Scott all here
I luv the vid
Haha silly scott, we all know gamers don’t bath
The woz
Very cool
Even more Scott?? Lets go!
baths?
Scott the Woz bath products when?!?!
Everybody knows real gamers don’t bathe
First
Hey all Scott here
me too scott, me too.
huh?
Thank god I needed a bath too.
Hey Scott john here
Bath man
Yooo
Wow I'm super early
scod
Hell yeah I was waiting for the bath episode!
2 Scott vids in one week? We have been blessed, who cashed in all their virgin points for this?
Me when Scott actually might start uploading daily
I love you 😏
Oh boy I'm so early I don't know what to comment. Shall I take the time to think of a witty remark? Or shall I just comment anything while the video is so fresh?
Nice!
Two Scott episodes in three days? You're spoiling us!
First
Somehow 1 view
I need a bath too
bey ball
Hi
Hey y’all Scott here
I love watching old Soaps.
Im literally in the bath wtf
Huh
Now this is epic
Lol
Hi scott
Ill take this
what is game bath??
What I needed to choke on my spaghetti.
SCOTT WHAT THE HELL YOU JUST UPLOADED 2 DAYS AGO
another scott the woz upload after only two days????
Was that ibuprofen
Wow a Scott the Woz video thats under 4 minutes? Rare.
that was quick
Scott needs to be cleaned
Hey all
Omg I forgot about this
Sunday already?!
Weird topic, but it's nice
gaming is real
???
What is this title
ah yes, 30 seconds ago, now time to take a bath!
What
A surprise to be sure but a welcome one
Wa
Scatt the waz
Wait this is ilegal.
This does not change the fact that in Australia there are 48 million kangaroos and in Uruguay there are 3,457,380 inhabitants. So if the kangaroos decide to invade Uruguay, each Uruguayan will have to fight 14 kangaroos.
I Love Scott
2 videos in a week?! What's happening Scott?!
First
He does need a bath
what the hell is a game bath
First!
What
Balls
first
1st
Woah
